                                                                                METCASH LIMITED
                                                                                ABN 32 112 073 480

                                                                                1 THOMAS HOLT DRIVE
                                                                                MACQUARIE PARK
22 June 2026                                                                    NSW 2113 AUSTRALIA

                                                                                PO BOX 557
                                                                                MACQUARIE PARK
                                                                                NSW 1670 AUSTRALIA
                                                                                PHONE: 02 9741 3000
Market Announcements Office                                                     FAX:   02 9741 3399
                                                                                WEB:   www.metcash.com
Australian Securities Exchange Limited
Level 27, 39 Martin Place
Sydney NSW 2000



Dear Sir/Madam

METCASH LIMITED – APPENDIX 4E AND FY26 FULL YEAR FINANCIAL REPORT

In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 4.3A, please find attached for release to the market the
Appendix 4E and Financial Report (including the Directors’ Report, Sustainability Report and
Independent Auditor’s Report) of Metcash Limited and its controlled entities for the year
ended 30 April 2026.

These documents were authorised to be given to ASX by the Board of Directors of Metcash
Limited.


Yours faithfully




Johanna O’Shea
Company Secretary
   METCASH GROUP
   METCASH LIMITED (ABN 32 112 073 480) AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
   APPENDIX 4E FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 APRIL 2026
   RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET

                                                                                     FY26              FY25         Variance          Variance
                                                                                      $m                $m               $m                 %

    Sales revenue                                                                17,354.0         17,323.0               31.0                 0.2

    Underlying earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and                      761.7             747.8              13.9                 1.9
    amortisation (EBITDA) (i)
    Depreciation and amortisation                                                 (258.0)           (240.0)            (18.0)             (7.5)
    Underlying earnings before interest and tax (‘EBIT’) (i)                        503.7             507.8             (4.1)             (0.8)
    Net finance costs                                                             (123.7)           (122.4)             (1.3)             (1.1)
    Underlying profit before tax                                                    380.0             385.4             (5.4)             (1.4)
    Tax expense on underlying profit                                              (109.5)           (109.8)               0.3               0.3
    Non-controlling interests                                                        (1.7)             (0.1)            (1.6)        (1,600.0)
    Underlying profit after tax (‘UPAT’) (i)                                        268.8             275.5             (6.7)             (2.4)
    Significant items                                                                  5.0               0.4              4.6          1,150.0
    Tax benefit attributable to significant items                                      5.3               7.4            (2.1)            (28.4)
    Net profit for the year attributable to members                                 279.1             283.3             (4.2)             (1.5)


Supporting local
    Underlying earnings per share (cents) (ii)
    Reported earnings per share (cents)
                                                                                      24.5
                                                                                      25.4
                                                                                                       25.1
                                                                                                       25.9
                                                                                                                         (0.6)
                                                                                                                         (0.5)
                                                                                                                                          (2.4)
                                                                                                                                          (1.9)
   (i)    EBIT, EBITDA and UPAT excludes significant items identified in Note 3.3 (vii) of Metcash’s FY26 Financial Report.
   (ii)   Underlying earnings per share (UEPS) is calculated by dividing UPAT by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
          during the year.


   EXPLANATORY NOTE ON RESULTS
   Group reported revenue, which excludes charge-through sales1, increased 0.2% to $17.35bn (FY25: $17.32bn). Including charge-through
   sales, Group revenue increased 0.7% to $19.63bn (FY25: $19.49bn), with growth across the Food (ex-tobacco), Liquor and Hardware &
   Tools pillars.
   Group EBITDA increased 1.9% to $761.7m (FY25: $747.8m) reflecting strong growth in the Food pillar. Excluding the impact of one-off
   strategy and integration costs of $12.4m, EBITDA increased 3.5%. EBIT decreased 0.8% to $503.7m (FY25: $507.8m) or increased by 1.6%
   normalised for strategy and integration costs.
   The Food2 pillar delivered a strong performance in FY26, with EBIT increasing 5.4% to $261.8m, or 7.0% on a normalised basis (excluding
   one-off strategy and integration costs). Total revenue including charge through was $10.5bn, with ex tobacco sales growing 5.4% as the
   business continued to improve its competitiveness and value proposition.
   Liquor delivered a resilient result, with revenue3 increasing 1.0% to $5.4bn and market share rising to 32.3%. EBIT was $100.1m, slightly
   lower than the prior year due to softer first half trading, but the business delivered a stronger second half as shopper demand for
   convenience and localised offers remained robust and inflation increased.
   Hardware & Tools delivered revenue3 growth of 4.3% to $3.7bn, supported by improved second half momentum across both Hardware
   and Tools. EBIT was $177.3m or $184.2m on a normalised basis (excluding one-off integration and strategy costs), reflecting softer trade
   conditions for its Hardware retail stores in Victoria and Tasmania, partially offset by continued strength in Total Tools.

   DIVIDENDS ON ORDINARY SHARES
   On 22 June 2026, the Board determined to pay a fully franked FY26 final dividend of 9.5 cents per share, sourced from the profit reserve
   established by Metcash Limited (Parent Company), with a record date of 15 July 2026 and payable in cash on 26 August 2026.
   The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) has been suspended with effect from 22 June 2026 and accordingly not applied against the final
   dividend payment for FY26.




Metcash Limited (ABN 32 112 073 480) and its controlled entities
APPENDIX 4E (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 APRIL 2026




OTHER DISCLOSURES
Net tangible assets4 backing

At 30 April 2026, the net tangible assets was 16.0 cents per share (FY25: 16.8 cents per share).

Entities where control has been gained or lost

Steve’s Liquor Warehouse
During the year, the Group acquired Steve’s Liquor Warehouse group that includes five retail stores in Victoria and three in Tasmania. The
acquisition brought a diverse portfolio of stores with a range of locations and formats, to complement existing corporate stores.

Holliman’s Rural Pty Ltd
During the year, the Group acquired 75% of Holliman’s Rural Pty Ltd, providing an opportunity to expand into regional markets and leverage
an established rural customer base.


Other than the above, there were no changes in control that were material to the Group. Refer Note 6.1 of Metcash’s FY26 Financial
Report for further details.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
There were no events that have occurred after the end of the financial year that would materially affect the reported results or would
require disclosure in this report.

STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
This report is based on the consolidated FY26 financial report of Metcash Limited and its controlled entities which has been audited by
Ernst & Young. The financial report was lodged with the ASX on 22 June 2026.
Metcash Limited has a formally constituted Audit Committee.
On behalf of the Board




Doug Jones
Managing Director and CEO
Sydney, 22 June 2026




1
    Direct sales from suppliers to customers, invoiced through Metcash.
2
    Includes Superior Foods for 52 weeks in FY26 and 47 weeks in FY25.
3
    Includes charge-through sales.
4
    The calculation of the net tangible assets per share includes the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                                FINANCIAL
                                   Lated o gtruf
                                REPORT
                                2023




    1

                                Supporting local

Metcash Financial Report 2026




                                Metcash Limited (ABN 32 112 073 480) and its controlled entities
Directors’ Report



Your Directors submit their report of Metcash Limited (the ‘Company’) and its controlled entities (together the ‘Group’ or ‘Metcash’) for
the financial year ended 30 April 2026 (‘FY26’).

Operating and Financial Review

1.    Metcash’s Business Model
Metcash is Australia’s leading wholesaler and distributor, supplying and supporting an extensive network of independent retailers which
form part of our bannered network and several other unbannered businesses across the Food, Liquor and Hardware pillars. Metcash’s
retail customers operate some of Australia’s leading independent brands including: IGA, Foodland, Mitre 10, Home Hardware, Total
Tools, Cellarbrations, IGA Liquor and the Bottle-O. We help them to be the ‘Best Store in their Town’ by providing merchandising,
operational and marketing support.
Metcash operates a low-cost distribution model that enables independent retailers to compete against the vertically integrated retail
chains and other competitors. The Group’s core competencies include: procurement, logistics, marketing, retail development and
operational support and retail media operator. Metcash operates major distribution centres in all the mainland states of Australia which
are complemented by a number of smaller warehouses and a portfolio of company-operated and joint venture stores.
The Group employs approximately 14,000 people and indirectly supports employment in the independent retail network.

2.    Strategic objectives
Metcash’s purpose is ‘Winning with Independents’. Metcash is focused on strengthening and growing a high-performing independent
retail network, creating better outcomes for retailers, suppliers and the communities they serve over the long term.
Metcash’s vision is to be the leading partner powering an unstoppable network of independents, strengthening the role of independent
retailers across the markets served and enabling them to compete and thrive in a changing retail landscape. The Group operates as an
integrated system combining scale, infrastructure, capability and local expertise, with experience across both independent and
company-operated retail, to enable independents to compete effectively with larger chain retailers. Metcash’s strategy is centred on
continuously enhancing this system to improve the performance, resilience and competitiveness of the network over time. This is
delivered through three mutually reinforcing priorities:
− A compelling offer for shoppers                                                                                                              2
     Building and supporting brands, formats and in-store experiences that customers choose to shop in, and that independent
     entrepreneurs are proud to invest in and run, supported by strong, locally relevant execution.




                                                                                                                                            Metcash Financial Report 2026
− An efficient and reliable network
     Operating a scaled, high-performing logistics and supply chain system that underpins consistent, end-to-end execution across the
     network and enables retailers to compete with confidence.
− Value-adding partnerships and services
     Working alongside retailers and suppliers to provide the tools, insights and support needed to improve performance, strengthen
     capability and grow sustainably within the network.
These priorities are connected through Metcash’s integrated flywheel, with capability, participation and performance reinforcing each
other over time.
Execution of Metcash’s strategic objectives is supported by a clear set of values that guide how the Group operates, partners and
delivers outcomes across the business:
− Champion Customers
  Focuses on understanding and delivering what matters most to customers and the customers of retail partners.
− Results Matter
  Drives performance through pace, accountability and a commitment to delivering strong outcomes.
− Better Together
  Promotes collaboration across the Group to create greater opportunities and improved outcomes.
− Give a Damn
  Emphasises acting with integrity, prioritising safety and taking ownership.
− Back Local Brilliance
  Leverages the Group’s capabilities and local expertise to deliver better outcomes.
Together, these values reinforce a high-performing, collaborative culture, enabling consistent execution of the Group’s strategy and
strengthening the performance and resilience of the network.

3.    Key developments
Business Consolidation
At the commencement of FY26, the Campbells & Convenience business was combined with Superior Foods to create the Food Service &
Convenience business, with the aim of bringing together shared market expertise for a stronger customer value proposition.
                                Directors’ Report



                                In June 2025, Metcash announced the merger of the Total Tools and Independent Hardware Group, creating one leading and scaled
                                hardware business (Total Tools and Hardware Group) serving the trade and DIY sectors.

                                Business Acquisitions

                                Steve’s Liquor Warehouse
                                During the year, the Group acquired Steve’s Liquor Warehouse group that includes five retail stores in Victoria and three in Tasmania. The
                                acquisition brought a diverse portfolio of stores with a range of locations and formats, to complement existing company-operated stores.

                                Holliman’s Rural Pty Ltd
                                During the year, the Group acquired 75% of Holliman’s Rural Pty Ltd, providing an opportunity to expand into regional markets and leverage
                                an established rural customer base.

                                Total Tools and Hardware Group Put Options
                                During the year, Metcash has exercised the put option arrangements for four Total Tools JV stores and two Hardware JVs for upfront
                                purchase consideration of $8.9 million (allocated against the put option liability).

                                Program Horizon

                                Program Horizon is a critical group technical infrastructure consolidation and replacement program aimed at repositioning Metcash to
                                be a modern, technology-led wholesaler. The program provides the platform to drive simplification and efficiency across the Food and
                                Liquor pillars, as well as making it easier for customers and suppliers to do business with Metcash. The program continues to make
                                steady progress, most recently delivering a streamlined all-in-one payables solution and a successful legal entity rationalisation release.
                                The program is expected to be completed in FY27.

                                In FY26, the Group incurred $17.6 million (FY25: $13.3 million) of expenses on the program. The program expenses included resource
                                costs, accelerated amortisation and write off of redundant software assets and incremental software licence and maintenance costs.
                                These costs are separately disclosed within significant items in the Statement of Comprehensive Income to enable a better
                                understanding of the Group’s results.

                                The cumulative Program Horizon costs, as at FY26, are $286.7 million (comprising $161.3 million of capital expenditure and $125.4
    3                           million of expenses).

                                Changes in key management personnel (KMP)




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                On 10 June 2025, Metcash announced that Mr Richard Murray, CEO Total Tools, will cease employment in FY26, with Mr Scott Marshall
                                leading the newly formed Total Tools and Hardware Group.

                                Dividend declaration
                                The Board has determined to pay a fully franked final FY26 dividend of 9.5 cents per share, which brings total dividends for the year to
                                18.0 cents per share fully franked, which represents a dividend payout ratio of 73.6% of underlying profit after tax.

                                4.   Key Financial Measures
                                Warehouse earnings
                                Metcash’s operations are designed to allow significant volumes to be distributed through its warehouse infrastructure at a relatively
                                fixed cost base. The ability to leverage volumes through the warehouse is a key driver of profitability for both Metcash and the
                                independent retail network.
                                In addition to warehouse revenue, earnings are impacted by product category mix and the proportion of the Group’s products bought by
                                the network. Warehouse revenue and related margins are driven by competitive pricing, promotional activities and the level of supplier
                                support through volumetric and other rebates.
                                Metcash also operates a portfolio of company-operated and joint venture stores, predominantly in the Hardware pillar.
                                Metcash has a number of key programs in place to drive sales and margins, including through pricing and promotion, product range,
                                retail operational standards and consumer alignment.

                                Cost of doing business
                                The Group’s profitability depends on the efficiency and effectiveness of its operating model. This is achieved by optimising the Group’s
                                cost of doing business (‘CODB’) which comprises the various costs of operating the distribution centres, retail stores and the
                                administrative support functions.
                                The Group continues to have a strong focus on both revenue growth and maintaining a sustainable cost base.

                                Funds employed and return on capital
                                The Group’s funds employed is primarily influenced by the seasonal working capital cycle. The Group has longer term capital investments
                                predominantly in relation to its supply chain capabilities, including warehouse automation technologies and software development.
                                In Hardware, the Group has acquired a network of company-operated and joint venture stores. The Group also invests alongside the
                                independent retail network, mainly in the form of equity participation or short-term loans.
Directors’ Report



The Board’s intention is to continue to invest in the business for future growth while maintaining a strong financial position and
otherwise to assess returning surplus capital to shareholders.

Climate-related financial disclosures
The Treasury Laws Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure and Other Measures) Act 2024 requires Metcash, as a Group 1 reporting
entity, to prepare and disclose its first mandatory climate-related sustainability report alongside its financial statements for FY26. In
accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures, Metcash has prepared its inaugural climate
statements for the reporting period.
Consistent with the assurance requirements issued by the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (AUASB), Metcash is subject to
limited assurance over selected climate-related disclosures in FY26, including governance, strategy (including risks and opportunities),
and Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
In FY26, Metcash’s climate-related disclosures are presented within its Sustainability Report (Climate Statement) and should be read in
conjunction with the Financial Report. These disclosures include information on Metcash’s governance, strategy, climate-related risks
and opportunities, and associated metrics and targets, as well as progress in embedding climate considerations into risk management
and decision-making processes.
Oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities continues to be provided by the ESG Council and the Metcash Board through the
Safety and Sustainability Committee and the Audit Risk and Compliance Committee, with risks managed through the Climate Change Risk
Register. These risks are classified under the broader “Climate Risk” category within the Group Risk Profile.

Non-IFRS Information
The Directors’ Report contains IFRS and non-IFRS financial information. IFRS financial information is financial information that is
presented in accordance with all relevant accounting standards. Non-IFRS financial information is financial information that is not
defined or specified under any relevant accounting standards and may not be directly comparable with other companies’ information.
Non-IFRS measures are used by management to assess and monitor business performance at the Group and segment level and should
be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, IFRS information. Non-IFRS information is not subject to audit or review.

5.     Review of Financial Results
                                                                                                                                                                          4
Group overview

                                                                                                                                   FY26                     FY25




                                                                                                                                                                       Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                                                                                                    $m                       $m
Sales revenue                                                                                                                 17,354.0                  17,323.0
Food                                                                                                                              374.8                    345.5
Liquor                                                                                                                            124.3                    123.5
Hardware                                                                                                                          288.6                    295.6
Corporate                                                                                                                         (26.0)                   (16.8)
Underlying earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (‘EBITDA’) (a)                                            761.7                    747.8
Food                                                                                                                              261.8                    248.4
Liquor                                                                                                                            100.1                    104.1
Hardware                                                                                                                          177.3                    189.3
Corporate                                                                                                                         (35.5)                   (34.0)
Underlying earnings before interest and tax (‘EBIT’) (a)                                                                          503.7                    507.8
Net finance costs                                                                                                               (123.7)                   (122.4)
Underlying profit before tax                                                                                                      380.0                    385.4
Tax expense on underlying profit                                                                                                (109.5)                   (109.8)
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                          (1.7)                     (0.1)
Underlying profit after tax (‘UPAT’) (a)                                                                                          268.8                    275.5
Significant items                                                                                                                    5.0                         0.4
Tax benefit attributable to significant items                                                                                        5.3                         7.4
Net profit for the year attributable to members                                                                                   279.1                    283.3

Underlying earnings per share (cents) (b)                                                                                          24.5                      25.1
Reported earnings per share (cents)                                                                                                 25.4                     25.9
       a)   EBIT, EBITDA and UPAT excludes significant items as identified in Note 3.3 of the financial report.
       b)   Underlying earnings per share (UEPS) is calculated by dividing UPAT by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.
                                Directors’ Report



                                Group reported revenue, which excludes charge-through sales1, increased 0.2% to $17.35bn (FY25: $17.32bn). Including charge-through
                                sales, Group revenue increased 0.7% to $19.63bn (FY25: $19.49bn), with growth across the Food (ex-tobacco), Liquor and Hardware &
                                Tools pillars.
                                Group EBITDA increased 1.9% to $761.7m (FY25: $747.8m) reflecting strong growth in the Food pillar. Excluding the impact of one-off
                                strategy and integration costs of $12.4m, EBITDA increased 3.5%. EBIT decreased 0.8% to $503.7m (FY25: $507.8m) or increased by 1.6%
                                normalised for strategy and integration costs.
                                Group underlying profit after tax2 decreased 2.4% to $268.8m, reflecting lower earnings in the Hardware and Liquor pillars, increased
                                finance costs and increased depreciation and amortisation. Statutory profit after tax decreased 1.5% to $279.1m. This included put
                                option valuation and business acquisition valuation adjustments of $22.8m (net gain), Program Horizon implementation costs of $12.3m
                                and Mega DC costs of $0.2m (all post tax).

                                Segment results

                                                                             Segment revenue (a)                      Segment underlying EBITDA                     Segment underlying EBIT
                                                                                    FY26                    FY25                 FY26                 FY25                 FY26           FY25
                                                                                     $m                      $m                   $m                   $m                   $m             $m
                                Food                                             9,227.2                 9,341.2                374.8                345.5                261.8          248.4
                                Liquor                                           5,358.3                 5,306.1                124.3                123.5                100.1          104.1
                                Hardware                                         2,768.5                 2,675.7                288.6                295.6                177.3          189.3
                                Corporate                                              —                       —                (26.0)               (16.8)               (35.5)         (34.0)
                                Metcash Group                                  17,354.0                17,323.0                 761.7                747.8                503.7          507.8
                                a)     Segment revenue excludes gross charge-through sales to customers of $2.274 billion (FY25: $2.166 billion). Refer Note 3.2.


                                Food3
                                The Food pillar delivered a strong performance in FY26, with EBIT increasing 5.4% to $261.8m, or 7.0% on a normalised basis (excluding
                                one-off strategy and integration costs). Total revenue including charge through was $10.5bn, with ex tobacco sales growing 5.4% as the
    5                           business continued to improve its competitiveness and value proposition. There were early signs of improved tobacco sales in the
                                second half where enforcement was enacted, particularly in Queensland. The IGA network remains a core strength, with the large store
                                price gap narrowing to 2.1%, making the network more price competitive than ever. Foodservice & Convenience continued its rapid




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                expansion, supported by the integration of Superior Foods and strong demand from corporate customers. The business also progressed
                                its retail ownership strategy, completing its first supermarket acquisitions in Q4.

                                Liquor
                                Liquor delivered a resilient result, with revenue4 increasing 1.0% to $5.4bn and market share rising to 32.3%. EBIT was $100.1m, slightly
                                lower than the prior year due to softer first half trading, but the business delivered a stronger second half as shopper demand for
                                convenience and localised offers remained robust and inflation increased. The business continued to benefit from strong execution
                                across both retail and on premise channels. The attractiveness of the Metcash system is evidenced in the renewal of over $500m of
                                national retail and on-premise customer contracts.

                                Hardware
                                Hardware & Tools delivered revenue4 growth of 4.3% to $3.7bn, supported by improved second half momentum across both Hardware
                                and Tools. EBIT was $177.3m or $184.2m on a normalised basis (excluding one-off integration and strategy costs), reflecting softer trade
                                conditions for its Hardware retail stores in Victoria and Tasmania, partially offset by continued strength in Total Tools, which grew
                                earnings by 3.7%. The integration of Total Tools and the Independent Hardware Group has been completed, with duplication removed
                                and scale benefits beginning to flow. The combined business is now focused on returning to mid-cycle margins ahead of the market
                                through its strategy reset and new growth initiatives.

                                Finance costs and tax
                                Net finance costs increased during the year driven by higher interest rates and the higher levels of debt associated with acquisitions and
                                capital investment. Tax expense of $109.5 million on underlying profit represents an effective tax rate of 28.8% (FY25: 28.5%).

                                Significant items
                                Significant items categories were consistent with the half-year and included Program Horizon implementation costs of $17.6 million
                                (FY25: $13.3 million), gain on put option valuation and business acquisition valuation adjustments (net) of $22.8 million (FY25: gain of
                                $10.1 million), Mega Distribution Centre transition costs of $0.2 million (FY25: $11.4 million) and other gains of $nil (FY25: $15.0 million
                                arising from the reversal of a previously impaired loan to an associate (Dramet Holdings Pty Ltd)).
                                Refer Note 3.3(vii) of the financial report for further information.
Directors’ Report



Cash flows

                                                                                                             FY26                         FY25
                                                                                                              $m                           $m
Operating cash flows                                                                                         558.0                       539.0
Investing cash flows, excluding sublease receipts                                                          (242.7)                      (523.9)
Payment for acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                          (8.9)                      (36.1)
Payments for lease liabilities, net and other financing activities                                         (151.8)                      (143.0)
                                                                                                             154.6                      (164.0)
Dividends paid to the owners of the parent                                                                 (193.8)                      (161.5)
(Increase) in net debt                                                                                      (39.2)                     (325.5)

Group operating cash flows were $558.0 million (FY25: $539.0 million), resulting in a strong cash realisation ratio of 105.9% (FY25:
104.6%) and reflecting a reduction in working capital.

The Group had net investing outflows (excluding sublease receipts) of $242.7 million, including capital expenditure of $175.2 million and
acquisitions of businesses of $68.9 million.

The Group also exercised put option arrangements for four Total Tools JV stores and two Hardware JVs for upfront purchase
consideration of $8.9 million.

The Group paid $193.8 million (FY25: $161.5 million) in dividends during the current financial year, net of $4.0 million (FY25: $24.6
million) reinvested in shares post activation of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan with effect from the FY25 final dividend. Total dividends
paid in FY26 was 18.0 cents per share (FY25: 18.0 cents per share).

Financial position

                                                                                                                      FY26                FY25
                                                                                                                       $m                  $m

Trade and other receivables                                                                                      2,135.6               2,096.0
                                                                                                                                                     6
Inventories                                                                                                      1,514.8               1,542.8




                                                                                                                                                  Metcash Financial Report 2026
Trade payables and provisions                                                                                   (3,221.1)             (3,182.1)
Net working capital                                                                                                   429.3              456.7
Intangible assets                                                                                                1,546.5               1,452.4
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                         432.4              397.4
Equity-accounted investments                                                                                          151.9              146.1
Customer loans and assets held for sale                                                                                16.7               21.3
Total funds employed                                                                                             2,576.8               2,473.9
Lease balances (net)                                                                                              (244.6)               (245.3)
Put option liabilities                                                                                                (96.4)            (126.4)
Tax, derivatives and other financial liabilities                                                                      103.4              111.8
Net debt                                                                                                          (616.6)               (577.4)
Net assets/equity                                                                                                1,722.6               1,636.6

Net working capital decreased by $27.4 million to $429.3 million reflecting disciplined working capital management.
Put option liabilities of $96.4 million predominantly relate to the Total Tools Group (refer Note 5.3 of the financial report).
The Group was in a net debt position as at 30 April 2026 of $616.6 million (FY25: $577.4 million) of which $495.0 million was hedged via
interest rate swaps, with a weighted average hedge maturity of 0.8 years and an average fixed interest rate of 4.0%, pre margin. The
increase in the Group’s net debt position largely reflects acquisitions and capital investment. Metcash had $967.3 million in unused debt
facilities and $67.2 million of cash and cash equivalents available at the reporting date for immediate use.

Commitments, contingencies and other financial exposures
Put options, including in relation to Ritchies Stores Pty Ltd, are detailed along with other contingent liabilities in Note 5.3 and Note 7.3 of
the financial statements.
Metcash has a moderate exposure to interest rate risk and minimal foreign exchange exposures. Further details are set out in Note 5.6
of the financial statements.
                                Directors’ Report



                                6.   Outlook
                                Group sales have made a steady start to FY27, reflecting softer trading conditions in May followed by a clear improvement in June.
                                Food and Liquor experienced a subdued May, as consumer sentiment softened in response to geopolitical uncertainty and cost-of-living
                                pressures. Both pillars have recovered well in the first three weeks of June, trading ahead of FY26 levels as conditions stabilised.
                                Campbell’s & Convenience has cycled the Ampol contract win, and is expected to benefit from the commencement of new tobacco
                                contracts over the balance of FY27.
                                Hardware & Tools continues to deliver strong momentum, extending the improved 2H26 performance into early FY27, led by high single
                                digit growth in Total Tools.

                                7.   Material Business Risks
                                Metcash’s operations and financial performance are exposed to a range of business risks arising from the markets in which it operates,
                                the customers and suppliers it supports, the regulatory environment in which it conducts business and broader economic, technology
                                and external conditions. If one or more of these risks were to materialise, they could adversely affect Metcash’s operations, financial
                                performance, cash flows, reputation or ability to deliver its strategic objectives.

                                Operational risks
                                Metcash continues to invest in strategic and operational initiatives designed to strengthen its wholesale network, support independent
                                retailers and improve the efficiency and resilience of its operations, including through acquisitions and integration activities. These
                                initiatives are significant in scale and complexity and may be affected by execution risk, including delays, cost overruns, scope changes,
                                operational disruption or failure to realise expected benefits. If these initiatives are not delivered effectively, or expected benefits are
                                not realised, Metcash’s operations, competitiveness, financial performance and ability to deliver its strategic objectives may be adversely
                                affected. Metcash seeks to manage these risks through dedicated governance, project oversight and program management disciplines.
                                Disruption to Metcash’s supply chain, product sourcing capability, distribution network or key support systems could adversely affect
                                product availability, service levels, operating efficiency and cost to serve customers. Such disruption may arise from supplier constraints,
                                logistics interruptions, infrastructure or system failures, labour shortages, or volatility affecting the availability and cost of critical
                                products or inputs. Any sustained disruption or inefficiency could adversely affect Metcash’s operational capability, financial
    7
                                performance and reputation. Metcash seeks to manage these risks through ongoing monitoring of its operations, supply chain capacity
                                and critical support systems, and by planning to respond to changing business needs.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Geopolitical tensions and actions of nation states, including trade disputes, territorial conflict and war, may adversely affect Metcash’s
                                operations and supply chain by contributing to delivery delays, reduced availability of products or inputs, reduced distribution reliability,
                                and increased freight, fuel and other operating costs. These conditions may also affect the cost and availability of key inputs, create
                                volatility across sourcing and distribution channels and place additional pressure on margins and profitability. Metcash seeks to manage
                                these risks through forecasting, contingency planning and maintaining alternative avenues of supply where available.

                                Compliance risks
                                Metcash’s operations require compliance with a broad range of legal and regulatory requirements, including work health and safety,
                                food and product safety, environmental, workplace industrial relations, public and product liability, modern slavery, privacy and security,
                                financial, anti-money laundering, critical infrastructure and industry codes of conduct. Any material breach of these requirements could
                                adversely affect Metcash’s operations, reputation or financial performance, and expose Metcash to fines, penalties, investigations and
                                other liabilities.
                                The Group has implemented internal processes and controls to manage and monitor compliance across a range of areas, including
                                safety, security, sustainability, chain of responsibility, food safety and anti-money laundering. However, there is a risk that these
                                processes and controls may not operate effectively or may not be complied with.
                                Metcash also pursues growth through joint ventures, including the acquisition of privately held retail stores. While Metcash implements
                                monitoring processes in relation to those joint ventures, it has less oversight of joint venture stores than of company-operated stores. As
                                a result, compliance by joint venture stores and minority joint venture partners may be outside Metcash’s direct control, and any such
                                non-compliance could adversely affect Metcash’s operations, reputation or financial performance.
                                Metcash periodically assesses modern slavery and related human rights risks in its operations and supply chain. Identification of such
                                risks, or failure to manage them appropriately, could adversely affect supply chain operations, increase compliance and remediation
                                costs, and cause reputational harm.
                                Further, the businesses of Metcash are highly regulated in many markets in which they sell their products. These regulations govern
                                many parts of Metcash’s operations, including the import, manufacturing, marketing, advertising, distribution and sale of its products.
                                Examples include industry codes of conduct, country of origin labelling laws, container deposit schemes and liquor licensing, packaging
                                and advertising laws. Changes to existing regulation, or the introduction of new regulation, may increase the cost of goods or restrict
                                Metcash’s ability to sell or market products.
                                In the tobacco category, increases in excise and changes in regulation may continue to contribute to declining demand for legal tobacco
                                products and the growth in illicit tobacco products. This may continue to adversely affect sales and earnings in that category, offset by
                                more effective enforcement activity and other measures. These developments may also increase the complexity and cost of operating in
                                that category. Increasing excise and illicit liquor products may also adversely affect sales of legal liquor products.
Directors’ Report



The introduction of new laws and regulations, reform to existing regulatory structures, or increases in levies to fund government
schemes and regulatory programs, could materially affect Metcash’s operations and financial performance through higher compliance,
control and implementation costs and required changes to the way it conducts business.

Property and facility risk
Metcash leases facilities that support the wholesale distribution of grocery, fresh produce, liquor, hardware and other fast-moving
consumer goods. Damage to, destruction of, or loss of access to these facilities could disrupt distribution capability, customer service
and broader business operations, and adversely affect Metcash’s financial performance. While Metcash maintains insurance it considers
appropriate for a business of its type and size, losses associated with such events, including business interruption and recovery costs,
may not be fully covered and Metcash may be required to bear losses up to applicable deductibles and self-insurance retentions.

Financial risks
Competitive trading conditions and broader adverse economic conditions can increase the credit risk associated with the Group’s
activities, including the provision of credit and trading terms to its independent retailers. Deterioration in retailer trading performance,
profitability or cash flow may increase the risk of delayed payment or default and adversely affect Metcash’s financial performance and
position.
Funding and liquidity risk remain relevant to the Group due to the need to adequately fund business operations, growth initiatives and
potential loss events that may arise. Inability to adequately fund the Group’s operations and strategic priorities could affect its financial
flexibility and ability to execute its strategy. Metcash seeks to manage these risks through prudent capital management, including
optimising working capital, disciplined capital expenditure, capital recycling and careful consideration of its dividend policy.
In the current environment of elevated inflation, higher interest rates and volatility in credit and banking markets, Metcash may be
impacted by higher funding costs and less favourable financing conditions. This may increase the risk that the Group is unable to
refinance or renew banking and debt facilities on acceptable terms or at all. If Metcash were to fail to meet any covenant under its debt
facilities, it may be required to repay outstanding debt on notice or take other actions to remedy the breach, which could adversely
affect the Group’s financial performance and position.
Metcash seeks to manage these risks by maintaining diversity in its banking partners and debt facilities, preserving sufficient liquidity and
headroom, and managing financial and operational performance to support ongoing covenant compliance. The Group’s financial risk
management framework is discussed in further detail in Note 5.6 of the financial statements.                                                         8
Trading and customer risks
Metcash operates in competitive markets where trading conditions may be adversely affected by changes in consumer demand, cost-of-




                                                                                                                                                  Metcash Financial Report 2026
living pressures, inflation, pricing and promotional activity, intensified price competition, shifts in retailer and customer profitability and
cash flow, and digital disruption arising from evolving channels, customer expectations and emerging technologies, including artificial
intelligence. These conditions may reduce sales volumes, place pressure on margins, affect customer retention and require ongoing
investment and adaptation across Metcash’s wholesale network. If Metcash is unable to respond effectively to these conditions, its
financial performance, retail network performance and competitive position may be adversely affected.
As a wholesaler, Metcash’s earnings are partially derived from strategic buying gains. These may be adversely impacted by supplier or
regulatory activity or general economic conditions. For example, the accelerated 5% excise on tobacco products applied in the previous
3 financial years concluded in 2025 (Metcash FY26 financial year). Consequently, Metcash’s earnings will no longer include gains based
on the value of tobacco stock on hand at the time of the excise increase and related sales price increase. Metcash will continue to
recognise tobacco strategic buying gains from any increase in the consumer price index during the year. Metcash puts in place
mitigation strategies to support earnings performance where strategic buying gains may be adversely impacted in any given year and has
strategies in place to mitigate the effect of the conclusion of the 5% accelerated excise on tobacco.
In the Food pillar, Metcash services a number of large customers known as Multiple Store Owners (MSOs). These customers own and/or
operate more than one independent retail store, and in some cases own and/or operate a sizeable number of stores, including Ritchies
Stores Pty Ltd, Romeo Retail Group and Drakes Supermarkets. Metcash Food is also a supplier to a number of contract customers,
including Australian United Retailers, which operates the Foodworks bannered network. If one or more significant MSOs or contract
customers were to materially reduce or cease to source inventory from Metcash for any reason, including vertical integration of their
supply chain, establishment of an alternative buying group, purchasing from another source, entry into a supply agreement with a
competitor or store closures arising from insolvency or poor performance, this could adversely affect Metcash’s sales volumes, long-
term performance and profitability.
In addition, there are a number of large contract customers in the Liquor business whose contracts are renewed on a regular basis. If
one or more of these contract customers decided not to renew their supply contract, or a contract was renewed on less favourable
terms, this could adversely affect Metcash’s sales volumes, long-term performance and profitability.
Further, the Liquor and Total Tools businesses have relationships with a number of large suppliers. If one or more of these suppliers
decided to cease doing business with Metcash, materially reduce supply, or alter trading terms in a way that adversely affects Metcash’s
offer, this could reduce product range or availability, affect competitiveness and adversely impact Metcash’s long-term performance and
profitability.
Metcash seeks to manage these risks by maintaining strong relationships with retailers, contract customers and suppliers, supporting the
competitiveness and performance of its independent retail network, and continuing to invest in the quality, efficiency and reliability of
its wholesale and logistics operations.
                                Directors’ Report



                                Technology and cyber security risks
                                Metcash relies on complex technology systems, infrastructure and data to support critical business operations, including warehousing
                                and distribution, supply chain, customer service, marketing and finance. As technology continues to evolve, including through the use of
                                artificial intelligence and other emerging technologies, Metcash may be exposed to additional risks relating to system resilience, data
                                governance, privacy, security and the effective implementation and oversight of those technologies. A significant failure, outage or
                                disruption affecting these systems or related technology services could adversely affect operational continuity, customer service,
                                financial performance and reputation. Metcash seeks to manage these risks through ongoing investment in technology resilience,
                                system support and continuity planning.
                                Metcash is undertaking a significant business transformation program, Program Horizon, which is intended to replace older technology
                                and improve operational efficiency and resilience. This program is complex and subject to execution risk, including delays, cost overruns,
                                operational disruption and failure to realise expected benefits. If Program Horizon is not delivered effectively, it could adversely affect
                                Metcash’s operations, financial performance and ability to deliver its strategic objectives.
                                Metcash has outsourced a number of finance and information technology functions to Tata Consulting Services (TCS), a third-party
                                service provider. There is a risk that disruption, failure or reduced performance in the services provided by TCS could adversely affect
                                Metcash’s finance and technology operations, service continuity and control environment. Metcash seeks to manage this risk through
                                oversight of the outsourced arrangement and ongoing monitoring of service performance.
                                With expanding privacy and security regulation and an increasingly hostile cyber threat environment, Metcash recognises cyber security
                                and information privacy as significant risks. A cyber incident or other compromise affecting the availability, integrity or confidentiality of
                                Metcash’s systems or data could disrupt operations, affect access to critical information, expose commercially sensitive information,
                                result in breaches of privacy and security obligations and cause financial loss, penalties and reputational harm. Metcash seeks to manage
                                these risks through a suite of cyber and information security controls, including preventative, detective and response measures designed
                                to reduce exposure to cyber threats.

                                Social responsibility, environment and climate change risks
                                Metcash has a moderate exposure to environmental risks. Metcash’s operations, facilities and supply chain may be affected by natural
                                disasters, extreme weather events and other environmental incidents, which could disrupt operations, product availability and
                                distribution capability, increase operating and insurance costs, and adversely affect financial performance and reputation.
    9
                                Climate change and the transition to a lower emissions economy may increase costs, require additional investment and give rise to
                                increased regulatory, reporting and stakeholder scrutiny. Metcash may be affected by changes in climate-related regulation, including
                                new climate-related reporting obligations, disclosure requirements and market expectations relating to emissions reduction and the




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                management of climate-related risks and opportunities. Metcash is continuing to develop and implement its response to these matters,
                                including through its climate-related disclosures within this Annual Report and broader sustainability initiatives.
                                Metcash has a low to moderate exposure to social risks. Failure to meet stakeholder expectations in relation to responsible business
                                practices, including human rights, modern slavery, workforce practices, product stewardship and community impacts, could adversely
                                affect Metcash’s reputation, stakeholder trust and commercial relationships. Risks arising in Metcash’s operations or supply chain may
                                also increase compliance costs and management effort and adversely affect operational and financial performance.
                                Further information on how Metcash manages climate, environmental and broader sustainability matters is set out in Metcash’s
                                Sustainability Report. Further information on Metcash’s climate-related risks and opportunities, governance, strategy and metrics is
                                included in the climate-related disclosures within the Sustainability Report.

                                Work health and safety risk
                                Metcash is exposed to work health and safety risks across its operations, including risks arising in distribution, transport and other
                                operational environments. Despite the implementation of safety, health and environment standards, controls and initiatives, the risk of
                                serious injury, including psychosocial harm, or fatality remains. Such incidents may adversely affect the safety and wellbeing of
                                Metcash’s people, disrupt operations, attract regulatory scrutiny and adversely affect financial performance and reputation. Metcash
                                seeks to manage these risks through its Safety, Health and Environment strategy, critical risk management, ongoing monitoring and the
                                implementation of initiatives to improve the safety and wellbeing of its people.

                                People and culture risks
                                Metcash’s success depends on its ability to attract, retain and develop people with the leadership, technical and operational capabilities
                                required to support its business, serve customers and suppliers and deliver strategic priorities and transformation. Competition for key
                                talent and specialist skills, together with any inability to maintain sufficient labour and leadership capacity, may adversely affect
                                operational performance, service delivery and the execution of strategic initiatives. If Metcash is unable to attract, retain or develop
                                these capabilities, its operations and financial performance may be adversely affected.
                                Metcash’s operations also depend on workforce stability, labour availability and constructive industrial relations. Workplace
                                interruptions arising from industrial disputes, work stoppages, labour shortages or safety incidents may disrupt operations, reduce
                                productivity and increase operating costs. Renegotiation of collective agreements and broader labour cost pressures may also affect
                                Metcash’s cost base and operational flexibility. Metcash seeks to manage these risks through ongoing engagement with its people and
                                unions, workforce planning and measures to support a safe and stable working environment.
                                Metcash also recognises the importance of a strong culture, ethical conduct, effective succession planning and ongoing capability
                                development. Conduct or culture failures, weak succession planning or insufficient investment in capability and leadership development
Directors’ Report



may adversely affect employee engagement, decision-making, risk management, operational performance and reputation. Metcash
seeks to manage these risks through its Code of Conduct, leadership development, succession planning and broader people initiatives.

Ritchies put option – contingent liability
Metcash has a 29.9% ownership interest in Ritchies Stores Pty Ltd (Ritchies). The remaining shareholders in Ritchies have the right to put
their 70.1% ownership interests to Metcash, subject to a margin related annual financial hurdle (‘hurdle’) being achieved.
Metcash estimates that the put option consideration payable to Ritchies shareholders in respect of Ritchies’ 2025 financial year would
have been between $240 million and $250 million. Further details regarding the put option are set out in Note 5.3 of the Financial
Report.
If the put option was exercised, it may divert funds from other intended uses of such funds, which may initially have an adverse impact
on Metcash pursuing various capital investments and may require Metcash to obtain additional funding through debt or equity or a
combination.

Investigations, disputes and litigation
Metcash may, from time to time, be subject to regulatory reviews, audits, investigations and enforcement activity. These matters may
divert management attention, increase costs and adversely affect Metcash’s operations, financial performance and reputation.
Metcash may also be involved in disputes or litigation with regulators, employees, business associates, customers, suppliers, contract
counterparties, landlords or other third parties, including in connection with supply arrangements, rental guarantees and business or
share acquisition agreements. These matters may result in increased costs, settlement payments, contractual concessions, damages,
operational disruption and reputational harm, and could adversely affect Metcash’s financial performance and position.

Emerging risks and opportunities – artificial intelligence
Artificial intelligence (AI) is rapidly changing industry dynamics, with competitors and new entrants leveraging AI to enhance capabilities
across pricing, supply chain, customer engagement and corporate functions. If Metcash does not adopt and scale AI at a sufficient pace,
it may be disadvantaged relative to peers, impacting its strategic positioning, cost competitiveness and ability to deliver on its strategic
objectives.
AI also presents opportunities to materially improve productivity, decision-making and operational efficiency. Failure to identify,
prioritise and deliver these benefits in a timely manner may result in forgone efficiency gains, a higher operating cost base and reduced                                10
returns from transformation initiatives.
The adoption of AI could change workforce requirements, including reducing reliance on manual processes and increasing demand for




                                                                                                                                                                      Metcash Financial Report 2026
new capabilities. While these changes may improve efficiency, they may also have implications for workforce composition and employee
engagement. If not effectively managed, including through workforce planning and upskilling, this may result in disruption, reduced
productivity and reputational impacts.
The use of AI also introduces governance, oversight and regulatory risks, including through reliance on third-party tools and the potential
for inappropriate or unintended outcomes. If not effectively managed, these risks may adversely affect operations, compliance and
reputation.
Metcash seeks to manage these risks and opportunities through targeted investment, disciplined prioritisation aligned to strategy, and
the development of governance frameworks to support the responsible and effective adoption of AI.


1 Direct sales from suppliers to customers, invoiced through Metcash.
2 Underlying profit after tax excludes significant items: put option valuation and business acquisition valuation adjustments of $22.8m (net gain), Program Horizon
implementation costs of $12.3m and Mega DC costs of $0.2m (all post tax)
3 Includes Superior Foods for 52 weeks in FY26 and 47 weeks in FY25
4 Including charge-through sales.
                                Directors’ Report




                                Board Information

                                The Directors in office during the financial year and up to the date of this report are as follows.


                                                                Peter Birtles (BSc (Hons), FCA, MAICD)
                                                                Independent Non-executive Director
                                                                Peter is the Chair of the Metcash Limited Board. He was appointed to the Board on 1 August 2019 and was
                                                                appointed Chair effective 1 August 2022. He is also a member of the Safety and Sustainability Committee
                                                                and the Technology Advisory Working Group.
                                                                Having over 30 years’ experience in retail and consumer goods industries, including 18 years with Super
                                                                Retail Group Limited where he was Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer from 2006 to early
                                                                2019, Peter brings a strong retail and FMCG lens to his role. Peter's executive career also includes
                                                                extensive experience in accounting and finance having previously held the position of Chief Financial
                                                                Officer of Super Retail Group Limited, as well as other senior financial roles during his 12 years with The
                                                                Boots Company in the UK and Australia.
                                                                Peter is Chair and non-executive director of Universal Store Holdings Limited (since October 2020), and
                                                                also a non-executive director of APG & Co Pty Limited (since July 2019).
                                                                Peter was formerly a non-executive director of GWA Group Limited (2010 – 2022), Apparel Group (Hong
                                                                Kong) Limited (2019 – 2024) and Good360 Australia Ltd (2019 – 2024).


                                                                Doug Jones (BComm, Accounting, Tax, Auditing, Information Systems, CA(SA))
                                                                Group Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director
                                                                Doug is an experienced executive with extensive wholesale, retail and eCommerce experience in Canada,
                                                                South Africa and Australia.
                                                                He has held senior finance, supply chain and general management roles at Makro SA, Massmart Limited,
11
                                                                Amalgamated Beverages Industries Limited and The South African Breweries, all in Johannesburg, Coca-
                                                                Cola Enterprises in Canada, and Deloitte in both Canada and South Africa.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                                He is a Chartered Accountant having qualified in South Africa, and registered in both South Africa and
                                                                Australia and is a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.


                                                                Marina Go (BA, MBA, FAICD)
                                                                Independent Non-executive Director
                                                                Marina was appointed to the Board on 1 February 2025. She is the Chair of the People, Culture and
                                                                Nomination Committee and a member of the Safety and Sustainability Committee.
                                                                Marina is a highly experienced director of ASX-listed companies and brings a strong customer focus and
                                                                understanding of independent retailing, as well as a background in digital strategy.
                                                                Marina’s executive career spanned more than 25 years in the media industry, culminating in her role as
                                                                General Manager of Hearst-Bauer Media, publisher of Harper’s Bazaar, Elle and Cosmopolitan. Prior to this
                                                                she held the position of Chief Executive Officer of Private Media, Australia’s leading independent digital
                                                                publisher.
                                                                Marina is non-executive director of Transurban Group (since December 2021) and Southern Cross Media
                                                                Group Limited (since October 2024). She is also a non-executive director of the Australian Institute of
                                                                Company Directors, and Chair of both the National Foundation for Australia-China Relations and .au
                                                                Domain Administration Ltd.
                                                                Marina is a former non-executive director of Adore Beauty Limited (2020 – 2025), Energy Australia
                                                                Holdings Group (2017 – 2025), 7-Eleven (2018 – 2024) and Autosports Group (2016 – 2024).


                                                                Margaret Haseltine (BA, FAICD)
                                                                Independent Non-executive Director
                                                                Margaret (Margie) was appointed to the Board on 3 May 2021. She is the Chair of the Safety and
                                                                Sustainability Committee and is also a member of the People, Culture and Nomination Committee.
                                                                Margie has more than 30 years of experience across supply chains and logistics, customer interface in the
                                                                FMCG sector, change management and governance. Her executive career includes 20 years at Mars Inc.
                                                                including five years as Chief Executive Officer of Food in Australia.
                                                                Margie is a non-executive director of Inghams Group Limited (since September 2023), Real Pet Food
                                                                Company Pty Ltd (since March 2022), Kennards Hire Pty Limited (since October 2022), Active Tree Services
Directors’ Report



                    Pty Ltd (since May 2025) and Southern Hospitality Pty Limited. She was appointed Chair of Key
                    Pharmaceuticals Pty Ltd in April 2026.
                    Margie was formerly a non-executive director of Bapcor Limited (2016 – 2024), Tye Soon Limited (2022 –
                    2024), Pure Grain Foods (2019 – 2024), Newcastle Permanent Charitable Foundation (2020 – 2023),
                    Bagtrans Group Pty Limited (2016 – 2021), Newcastle Permanent Building Society (2018 – 2022),
                    Droppoint Australia Pty Ltd (2019 – 2022) and Fairhaven Disability Services (2021 – 2022).


                    Mark G Johnson (BCom, CPA, FCA, FAICD)
                    Independent Non-executive Director
                    Mark was appointed to the Board on 1 August 2022. Mark is the Chair of the Audit, Risk and Compliance
                    Committee and Chair of the Technology Advisory Working Group.
                    Mark has 35 years’ experience as an accountant and Senior Partner with Coopers & Lybrand and then
                    PwC, including as PwC’s National Assurance Leader in Australia from 2003 to 2007 and then as its Chief
                    Executive Officer, Australia and Deputy Chairman, Asia Pacific from 2008 to 2012.
                    Mark has also had an extensive non-executive director career for over a decade, currently holding
                    directorships at SGH Limited (since September 2024), Goodman Group (since 2020), Aurecon Ltd (since
                    2017) and Sydney Aviation Alliance Holdings Pty Ltd and subsidiaries (since October 2022). He is also
                    Deputy Chancellor of UNSW Sydney.
                    He was formerly Chairman and a non-executive director of HCF (2013-2025), a non-executive director of
                    The Smith Family (2012 – 2023), Corrs Chambers Westgarth (2018 to 2022), Coca Cola Amatil Limited
                    (2016 – 2021), G8 Education Limited (2016 – 2021) Westfield Group Limited (2013 – 2019) and Boral
                    Limited (2021 – 2024).


                    Helen Nash (BA Hons, GAICD)
                    Independent Non-executive Director
                    Helen was appointed to the Board on 23 October 2015. During the financial year she served as Chair of the        12
                    Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and was a member of the People, Culture and Nomination
                    Committee.




                                                                                                                                  Metcash Financial Report 2026
                    Helen has more than 20 years’ executive experience across three diverse industries: consumer packaged
                    goods, media and quick service restaurants.
                    Helen brings a rounded commercial and consumer focused experience to her role. She initially trained in
                    the UK as a Certified Management Accountant. 18 years in brands and marketing allows her to bring a
                    strong consumer lens to the Board. She gained extensive strategic, operational and general management
                    experience in her role of Chief Operating Officer at McDonalds Australia, overseeing business and
                    corporate strategy, store operations including all company and franchised stores, marketing, menus,
                    research and development and information technology.
                    Helen is a non-executive director of Ampol Limited (since March 2025) and Inghams Group Limited (since
                    May 2017) and was appointed Chair of Inghams in August 2022. Helen is a former non-executive director
                    of Southern Cross Media Group Limited (2015 – 2024).
                    Helen has advised of her intention to resign as a director of the Company, effective 31 July 2026.


                    David Whittle (BA, BCom)
                    Independent Non-executive Director
                    David was appointed to the Board on 28 November 2024. He is a member of the Audit, Risk and
                    Compliance Committee and the Technology Advisory Working Group.
                    David is an experienced ASX board director and has a distinguished background in brand, data technology,
                    omni-channel retail and digital transformation experience. He is a founder and former Chief Executive
                    Officer of Lexer, a global software company helping brands and retailers genuinely understand and engage
                    their customers.
                    David’s executive career spans over 20 years, including 10 years with global advertising group M&C Saatchi
                    in a number of local and international leadership roles, culminating in three years as Managing Director in
                    Australia. Among other achievements, he established, led and grew M&C Saatchi’s digital business
                    throughout the Asia Pacific and the USA.
                    David is a non-executive director of Challenger Limited and Challenger Life Company Limited (both from
                    June 2025), Michael Hill International Limited (since August 2023) and Lexer Pty Ltd (since December
                    2016). David is a former non-executive director of Myer Holdings Limited (2015 – 2024).
                                Directors’ Report




                                 Former Directors
                                 Murray P Jordan resigned from his role as Non-executive Director on 31 October 2025.



                                 Company Secretary
                                                             Johanna O’Shea (BA, LLB)
                                                             Johanna is Group Company Secretary at Metcash, with responsibility for the company secretariat function.
                                                             She has over 25 years’ experience as a company secretary and corporate lawyer, most recently as Chief
                                                             Legal, Risk and Governance Officer at ColCap Financial Limited. She has held senior governance roles at
                                                             Westpac Banking Corporation, GrainCorp Limited and the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, and earlier
                                                             practised in corporate and securities law at Dorsey & Whitney and Jones Day.




13




Metcash Financial Report 2026
Directors’ Report



Indemnification and insurance of Directors and Officers
Under the Constitution of the Company, the Company indemnifies (to the full extent permitted by law) current and former Directors and
Company Secretaries and such other current and former officers as the Board may determine from time to time against all losses and
liabilities incurred as an officer of Metcash or its related companies. The Company may enter into a deed indemnifying such officers on
these terms. The Company enters into such deeds with each of its Directors and Company Secretaries from time to time.
During the financial year, the Company has paid, or agreed to pay, a premium in respect of a contract of insurance insuring officers (and
any persons who are officers in the future) against certain liabilities incurred in that capacity. Disclosure of the total amount of the
premiums and the nature of the liabilities in respect of such insurance is prohibited by the contract of insurance.
The following table presents information relating to membership and attendance at meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors and
Board committees held during the financial year. The information reflects those meetings held and attended during a Director’s period
of appointment as a Director during the year.

                                                                                                                                   Ordinary
                                                                                                       Meetings   Meetings    shares held at
                                         Appointed                      Resigned                        held      attended   reporting date
Board of Directors
Peter Birtles (Chair)                    1 August 2019                              —                     7          7             121,954
Doug Jones                               11 March 2022                              —                     7          7             925,201
Marina Go                                1 February 2025                            —                     7          7               40,119
Margaret Haseltine                       3 May 2021                                 —                     7          7               72,887
Mark Johnson                             1 August 2022                              —                     7          7               90,000
Murray Jordan                            23 February 2016                   31 October 2025               4          4                   —
Helen Nash                               23 October 2015                            —                     7          7               60,145
David Whittle                            28 November 2024                           —                     7          7               11,111
Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee
Mark Johnson (Chair) (a)                 1 August 2022                              —                     8          8                            14
Helen Nash                               1 August 2022                              —                     8          8
David Whittle                            6 March 2025                               —                     8          8




                                                                                                                                               Metcash Financial Report 2026
People, Culture & Nomination Committee
Marina Go (Chair) (b)                    6 March 2025                               —                     5          5
Margaret Haseltine                       1 May 2023                                 —                     5          5
Murray Jordan                            1 May 2023                         31 October 2025               2          2
Helen Nash                               1 May 2023                                 —                     5          5
Safety and Sustainability Committee
Margaret Haseltine (Chair) (c)           13 September 2024                          —                     6          6
Peter Birtles                            1 November 2025                            —                     4          4
Marina Go                                6 March 2024                               —                     6          5
Murray Jordan                            1 May 2023                         31 October 2025               2          2
Technology Advisory Working Group
Mark Johnson (Chair)                     1 March 2023                               —                     4          4
Peter Birtles                            1 March 2023                               —                     4          4
David Whittle                            6 March 2025                               —                     4          4
a)   Mr Johnson was appointed Chair of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee on 1 April 2026.
b)   Ms Go was appointed Chair of the People, Culture and Nomination Committee on 1 November 2025.
c)   Ms Haseltine was appointed Chair of the Safety and Sustainability Committee on 1 November 2025.


Each regularly scheduled Board meeting generally runs for 1.5 days, while each Committee meeting generally runs for half a day.
In addition, the Board and Group Leadership Team hold a half day strategy and/or professional development session before some Board
meetings throughout year, as well as a 2-day strategy session each October. The Board also holds regular calls with the Group CEO to
stay abreast of current matters between meetings. From time to time, additional non-standing Board committees or working groups are
established with representatives from among the Directors to consider material transactions or projects, including to support the
decision-making of the full Board in relation to those matters. These strategy/professional development sessions, update calls and
working group/steering committee meetings (with the exception of the Technology Advisory Working Group) are not included in the
above table.
                                Directors’ Report




                                Remuneration Report – audited
                                On behalf of the Board and the People, Culture & Nomination
                                Committee, I am pleased to present our Remuneration Report
                                for the year ended 30 April 2026




                                Marina Go
                                Chair, People, Culture & Nomination Committee


                                                                                                           year from 40% to 50%, to match the Group CEO. This enhances
                                In FY26 we continued our focus on creating value for shareholders,
                                                                                                           alignment to market practice and shareholder expectations.
                                through further strengthening our core business while also pursuing
                                the Company’s growth agenda.                                               As outlined in last year’s Report, during FY26 the Board reviewed the
                                It is pleasing to report that the Group delivered solid earnings for the   remuneration framework to ensure that the remuneration mix
                                                                                                           continues to align with the longer-term strategic objectives of the
                                2026 financial year, particularly in the context of external challenges
                                                                                                           Group and drives the creation of shareholder value. Following the
                                and ongoing uncertainty. The Food pillar performed well, again
                                                                                                           review, the Board determined that a shift in variable reward
                                delivering earnings growth despite a further reduction in tobacco
                                                                                                           opportunities from the STI to the Long-term Incentive (LTI) was
                                sales. Our Liquor pillar also grew sales in a highly competitive market
                                                                                                           appropriate to increase the proportion of reward driven by long-term
                                and gained further market share. The pillar’s multi-channel strategy       performance. This shift has been implemented from FY26 for
15                              and ongoing shopper preference for localised offers were key factors       executives and decreases the maximum STI awards available,
                                in the strong performance. In Hardware & Tools, the trade market           increasing the LTI opportunities by the equivalent percentage. This
                                remained soft, particularly in Victoria and Tasmania, however sales        preserves the overall total remuneration opportunity for executives




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                momentum accelerated in the second half through management                 with the variable element more heavily weighted to the longer-term
                                initiatives, particularly in relation to product ranging and pricing.      performance of Metcash, enhancing the alignment with the
                                Pleasingly, our independent retail networks remain healthy and             shareholder experience.
                                competitive, supported by the success of our strategy which is centred
                                                                                                           The Board also reviewed the target range for determining the scale of
                                around driving volume through our leading and scaled wholesale and         the STI pools available. Previously a ‘gate-opener’ of 95% of
                                logistics business.                                                        budget/target EBIT had to be achieved to provide any STI awards for
                                We continued to evolve our safety culture to ensure we keep our team       participants, with 50% of the STI pool available at that outcome.
                                members safe with a focus on building capability and proactive risk        Following a review of the market, and to provide greater flexibility to
                                management.                                                                reward strong individual contributors, the ‘gate-opener’ has been
                                                                                                           moved to 90% of budget, which will unlock 20% of the STI pool.
                                Business consolidation and leadership changes                              Beyond this threshold level, the previous target range remains
                                At the commencement of FY26, the Campbells & Convenience                   unchanged.
                                business was combined with Superior Food Group to create the Food          Further details are provided in Section 2.3.
                                Service & Convenience business, with the aim of bringing together
                                shared market expertise for a stronger customer value proposition.         FY26 performance
                                The CEO Food, Grant Ramage, now has full accountability for the Food       Group Adjusted EBIT improved by 3.1% on FY25, driven by a strong
                                Service and Convenience business.                                          result in the Food pillar. The Group Performance Scorecard outcomes
                                In June 2025, we announced the integration of the Total Tools and          are summarised in the table on page 25 which reflect the ongoing
                                Independent Hardware Group, creating one leading and scaled                challenges of delivering against both strategic and operational
                                hardware business serving the trade and DIY sectors. The Total Tools       objectives whilst transforming into a more diversified and resilient
                                and Hardware Group is led by Scott Marshall, previously CEO IHG. As a      business.
                                result of this merger, Richard Murray, CEO Total Tools, left the
                                business during the year.
                                                                                                           FY26 remuneration outcomes

                                The consolidation of these businesses, led by an executive team with       Fixed remuneration
                                extensive and diverse experience, sharpens the focus on delivering the     To continue to attract and retain high-calibre executives, careful
                                strategic objective of ‘Winning with Independents’, creating value for     consideration is given to market benchmarks, internal relativities and
                                our shareholders.                                                          executive experience when establishing or adjusting fixed
                                                                                                           remuneration.
                                FY26 remuneration framework changes
                                                                                                           During the year, all continuing executive KMP received an increase in
                                The changes to the deferred proportion of any Short-term Incentive         fixed remuneration, including the Group CEO, Doug Jones, for the first
                                (STI) awards to be paid to the Group CEO and Group CFO continued in        time since his appointment in February 2022. The CEO TTHG, Mr
                                FY26. The STI deferral percentage for the Group CFO increased this         Marshall, and the CEO Food, Mr Ramage, received increases in fixed
Directors’ Report



remuneration to recognise the increase in the scale of their roles        Looking ahead to FY27
through the consolidation of businesses that occurred during the year.    During FY26, the Board reviewed the performance metrics in the STI
Further details of the changes in fixed remuneration are provided in      and LTI plans to ensure they remain aligned with strategy. Following
the FY26 Summary table following this letter, and in Section 4.2.         the review, the Board concluded that both Earnings per Share (EPS)
                                                                          and Absolute Total Shareholder Return (ATSR) continue to remain
Short-term Incentives                                                     appropriate in the LTI plan in driving long-term value creation.
The STI awards for executives are determined by Group and pillar          However, it was determined that the Return on Funds Employed
financial performance, with EBIT gate-openers, and outcomes against       (ROFE) ‘gate-opener’ for the EPS metric may potentially disincentivise
the Balanced Scorecard, comprising both Group and Individual              management from investing in modernising fully depreciated legacy
objectives. The FY26 STI awards for executives ranged from 7.1% to        assets. From FY27, the ROFE gate-opener will therefore be removed
25.4% of maximum reflecting ongoing market challenges and the             from LTI offers.
significant amount of stretch in targets set in the FY26 Balanced
                                                                          To ensure a continued focus on returns that exceed the cost of capital,
Scorecard. The Board considers that these STI outcomes align with
                                                                          ROFE will be included in the STI Balanced Scorecard from FY27.
overall performance for FY26.
                                                                          The details of these changes will be provided more fully in FY27.
Long-term Incentives
                                                                          As this is my first Remuneration Report as Chair of the People, Culture
The FY24 LTI offer was tested at the end of FY26 with an outcome of
                                                                          & Nomination Committee, I would like to acknowledge the significant
20.5%. The Board exercised discretion to refine the ROFE vesting range
                                                                          contribution of Margaret Haseltine as Chair prior to my appointment,
to include the Superior, Bianco and Alpine acquisitions, to ensure that
                                                                          and her strong stewardship of all Committee matters. Margaret will
management would be held to account for those acquisitions. The
                                                                          continue to serve as a member of the Committee.
original vesting range was established prior to these acquisitions.
                                                                          We hope you find this Report informative and, as usual, we welcome
The average Return on Funds Employed over the three-year
                                                                          any feedback on our remuneration framework and disclosures.
performance period was 21.8%, between the threshold and target
levels of the vesting range. The compound annual growth of absolute
Total Shareholder Return was -2.4% over the same period, below the
threshold level of performance.
Further details on the performance and remuneration outcomes for
FY26 are provided in the FY26 Summary table on the following page,
and in Section 4.                                                         Marina Go
                                                                          Chair, People, Culture & Nomination Committee                                16
Additional remuneration arrangements
The second tranche of the Group CFO’s buy-out grant was tested
during the year and subsequently vested at 66.6% based upon the




                                                                                                                                                    Metcash Financial Report 2026
performance conditions.
The details of this are provided in Section 4.7.

Non-executive Director fees
The fees paid to Non-executive Directors remained unchanged during
FY26.
                                Directors’ Report



                                FY26 Performance Summary




                                             Group                                                   Sales                                           Customer Net
                                             Adjusted                                                Revenue2                                        Promoter Score
                                             EBIT1
                                             $   498.3m                                              $   18.3bn                                      15.5
                                               3.1% increase from FY25                                3.8% increase from FY25                        Up from 14.9 in FY25



                                FY26 Remuneration Outcomes Summary

                                  Fixed remuneration                      − During the year, the following fixed remuneration changes for Executives were implemented:
                                                                          − the Group CEO, Doug Jones, received an increase in fixed remuneration of 5.7% effective 1 May 2025.
                                                                            This is Mr Jones’ first increase in fixed remuneration since his commencement in February 2022 and
                                                                            recognises his performance and leadership in the strategic transformation of Metcash towards a more
                                                                            diversified and resilient business;
                                                                          − the Group CFO, Deepa Sita, received an increase of 2.8% in fixed remuneration effective 1 May 2025,
                                                                            in recognition of performance over the prior financial year;
                                                                          − the CEO Food, Grant Ramage, received a 2.4% increase in fixed remuneration effective 1 May 2025, in
                                                                            recognition of strong FY25 performance. Mr Ramage subsequently received an increase of 14.9% in
                                                                            fixed remuneration, effective 1 July 2025, to reflect the increase in accountability in his role, with the
                                                                            integration of Superior Food Group into the Food pillar;

17                                                                        − the former CEO IHG, Scott Marshall, received an increase of 15.8% effective 1 July 2025, upon
                                                                            appointment to the CEO TTHG role to reflect the increased scope of the new role with the merger of
                                                                            the Total Tools and IHG businesses; and




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                                          − the CEO ALM, Kylie Wallbridge, received a 14.3% increase in fixed remuneration effective 1 May 2025,
                                                                              to reflect her performance in the role since commencing and relative positioning to market
                                                                              benchmarks.
                                  Short-term incentive
                                  outcomes                                Group & Pillar STI Pool Metrics
                                                                          Group Adjusted EBIT: $498.3m (from $483.1m in FY25) was below the target level of performance, driven
                                                                          by the challenging conditions for the Hardware & Tools pillar. The Food pillar achieved an above target
                                                                          EBIT outcome for the year, whilst Liquor delivered an outcome above threshold. Hardware & Tools EBIT
                                                                          was below threshold.

                                                                          Group Performance Scorecard Metrics
                                                                          Financial: Group sales of $18.32bn2 was below target, but an increase of 3.8% from FY25.
                                                                          Strategic: Both TRIFR (safety) and employee engagement were below threshold for the year, with both
                                                                          metrics holding steady to the FY25 outcome. The Customer Net Promoter Score was between threshold
                                                                          and target, and increased from FY25.

                                                                          Overall STI Outcomes
                                                                          These performance outcomes resulted in STI awards of between 7.1% and 25.4% of maximum being
                                                                          achieved by the Executives, with the CEO Food receiving the highest award, reflective of the performance
                                                                          of that pillar. The Board considered that these outcomes were appropriate and aligned with the overall
                                                                          performance of the Group and pillars in FY26.

                                  Long-term incentive                     The FY24 LTI offer was tested as at 30 April 2026 with the following outcomes:
                                  outcomes                                − Return on Funds Employed (ROFE): 21.8% average over the three-year period, resulting in 40.9% of
                                                                            performance rights subject to that performance measure vesting; and
                                                                          − Absolute Total Shareholder Return (ATSR): -2.4% compound annual growth over the three-year period
                                                                            resulting in 0% of performance rights subject to that performance measure vesting.
                                                                          Overall outcome: 20.5% of performance rights under the FY24 LTI offer vested.

                                1 Group Adjusted EBIT represents consolidated Group underlying EBIT adjusted to include Program Horizon costs, Mega Distribution Centre (‘DC’) transition costs and

                                any other items as determined by the Board.
                                2 Excludes tobacco sales and includes charge-through sales which represents direct sales from suppliers to retailers, invoiced through Metcash.
Directors’ Report



 Contents of report
 Section 1.       Overview of the Remuneration Report                                                                                                    18
 Section 2.       Remuneration principles and framework overview                                                                                         19
 Section 3.       FY26 Remuneration approach                                                                                                             20
 Section 4.       FY26 Business performance and remuneration outcomes                                                                                    23
 Section 5.       Executive KMP service agreements                                                                                                       28
 Section 6.       Remuneration governance                                                                                                                29
 Section 7.       Non-executive Director remuneration                                                                                                    29
 Section 8.       Statutory disclosures                                                                                                                  32


1.    Overview of the Remuneration Report
The Directors present the Remuneration Report for the Company and its controlled entities (the ‘Group’) for the year ended 30 April
2026 (‘FY26’). This report forms part of the Directors’ Report and has been audited in accordance with section 308(3C) of the
Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Accounting Standards.
The report sets out the remuneration arrangements for the Group’s Key Management Personnel (KMP), comprising its Non-executive
Directors, and the Group CEO and executives of Metcash (collectively referred to as ‘Executives’), who together have the authority and
responsibility for planning, directing, and controlling the activities of the Group.
The KMP in FY26 are listed below.

Name                               Position                                                                        Term as KMP in FY26
Non-executive Directors
Current
Peter Birtles                      Chair                                                                           Full year
Marina Go                          Director                                                                        Full year
                                                                                                                                                                 18
Margaret Haseltine                 Director                                                                        Full year
Mark Johnson                       Director                                                                        Full year




                                                                                                                                                              Metcash Financial Report 2026
Helen Nash                         Director                                                                        Full year
David Whittle                      Director                                                                        Full year
Former
Murray Jordan                      Director                                                                        Until 31 October 2025
Executives
Current
Doug Jones                         Group CEO                                                                       Full year
Deepa Sita                         Group CFO                                                                       Full year
Scott Marshall1                    Chief Executive Officer, Total Tools and Hardware Group (‘TTHG’)                Full year
Grant Ramage                       Chief Executive Officer, Food                                                   Full year
Kylie Wallbridge                   Chief Executive Officer, Australian Liquor Marketers (‘ALM’)                    Full year
Former
Richard Murray2                    Chief Executive Officer, Total Tools                                            Until 1 July 2025
1. Mr Marshall was CEO Independent Hardware Group (‘IHG’) from 1 May 2025 to 30 June 2025. Following the merger of the Total Tools and IHG businesses, Mr
   Marshall commenced in the CEO TTHG role effective 1 July 2025.
2. Mr Murray ceased employment on 1 July 2025 following the merger of the Total Tools and IHG businesses. Unless otherwise stated, Mr Murray’s remuneration
   disclosed in this report relates to the period from 1 May 2025 to 1 July 2025 as KMP.
                                Directors’ Report



                                2.   Remuneration principles and framework overview
                                2.1. Our Remuneration Principles
                                These principles underpin the remuneration framework.




                                Purpose,                     Market                       Performance                  Shareholder                 Fair and
                                Vision & Values              competitive                  based                        alignment                   simple
                                Enabling our people to       Attracting and retaining     Rewarding the individual     Standing side by side       Making it easy to see how
                                unleash their passion and    people who can make a        contributions made to        with our local              we recognise those who
                                give local Independents      difference in ‘Winning       empowering our local         Independents through        make their mark in our
                                a fighting chance.           with Independents’.          Independents who turn        the generations, to         business.
                                                                                          postcodes into               sustain long-term value
                                                                                          communities.                 for shareholders.


                                2.2. Our Remuneration Framework
                                The framework is designed to drive the delivery of our strategy.

                                Component:                  Fixed Remuneration                      Short-term Incentive (STI)           Long-term Incentive (LTI)
                                Purpose:                    To attract and retain the calibre of To align the potential rewards for      To align the potential rewards for
                                                            people required to deliver the       Executives with the performance         Executives with the experience of
                                                            strategy.                            of Metcash.                             shareholders.
                                Delivery:                   Salary, superannuation, and salary A combination of cash and                 Performance Rights.
                                                            sacrificed benefits.               deferred equity.
19                              Determined by:              Fixed remuneration is established       12-month performance period. STI     Three-year performance period.
                                                            at a level that is competitive in the   pool is distributed when threshold   From FY25, performance is
                                                            market, with reference to               financial performance is met and     assessed against Adjusted




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                            comparable roles in companies of        scaled based on performance up       Earnings per Share (EPS) with a
                                                            a similar size and/or complexity.       to a prescribed maximum.             Return on Funds Employed (ROFE)
                                                            Fixed remuneration is generally         Performance is then assessed         ‘gate-opener’ (50%) and Absolute
                                                            positioned around the median,           against a scorecard of Group         Total Shareholder Return (ATSR)
                                                            with scope to move to the upper         financial and strategic objectives   (50%).
                                                            quartile in the recognition of          (70%) and individual strategic
                                                            deeply experienced, high-               objectives (30%). Outcomes are
                                                            performing individuals.                 modified by a behavioural rating.

                                2.3. Refinements to the Remuneration Framework for FY26
                                As Metcash continues its transformation into a more diversified and resilient business, the Board considered it appropriate to review the
                                remuneration framework for Executives to ensure that the framework underpins and drives the ongoing evolution of the business.
                                Following the review, the Board of Directors at Metcash has implemented the following refinements for Executives, from FY26:
                                − a decrease in the maximum STI; and
                                − an increase in the LTI opportunity, by the equivalent quantum.
                                The above refinement maintains the overall maximum reward opportunity for Executives but shifts the focus from the short-term to the
                                longer-term strategic objectives, enhancing alignment with the evolving Metcash strategy of delivering returns on acquisitions whilst
                                creating long-term value for shareholders. The shift from STI awards, partially delivered as cash, to LTI equity better aligns Executive
                                reward with the shareholder experience.
                                Additionally, the Board has refined the target range for determining the STI pools from which awards are paid to all participants. The STI
                                pools are only available for distribution when the threshold Group Adjusted EBIT or pillar underlying EBIT budget result, as applicable, is
                                achieved. Following a review of the market, and to provide greater flexibility to reward strong individual contributors, the threshold, or
                                ‘gate-opener’, has been moved from 95% to 90% of budget, which will unlock 20% of the STI pool. The previous target range remains
                                unchanged. The process for establishing the EBIT budgets remains unchanged, with the Board ensuring that they are both challenging
                                and achievable.
                                Further details are provided in Sections 3.2 and 3.3.

                                2.4. Our Remuneration Mix
                                The remuneration mix is strongly weighted towards the variable reward components of STI and LTI, and therefore subject to
                                performance outcomes. Following the refinements to the remuneration framework for FY26, there is an increased proportion of the
                                remuneration mix now delivered as LTI opportunity. The charts below outline both the previous remuneration mix framework for
                                Executives, and the remuneration mix from FY26, for comparative purposes.
Directors’ Report



The remuneration mix prior to the refinements implemented in FY26:




The FY26 remuneration mix, following the refinements to the remuneration framework:




3.    FY26 Remuneration approach                                                                                                               20
3.1. Fixed Remuneration




                                                                                                                                            Metcash Financial Report 2026
Feature           Description
Purpose           The purpose of fixed remuneration is to attract and retain Executives of the calibre required to deliver on the
                  Metcash strategy.
Delivery          Salary, superannuation, and salary sacrificed benefits.
Benchmarking      Metcash undertakes an annual benchmarking exercise to review the fixed remuneration of current Executives. As
                  part of this review, Metcash considers the competitiveness of fixed remuneration levels in the context of the
                  Executive’s experience and performance.
                  Market remuneration data is collated from companies of comparable size, complexity and industry, comprising ASX
                  200 companies that are of a similar size to Metcash, based upon market capitalisation and from within adjacent
                  industries. Remuneration benchmarking considers total remuneration in addition to fixed remuneration.
                  It is Metcash’s policy to position remuneration at the median with scope to move towards the upper quartile in
                  recognition of deeply experienced, high-performing individuals.

3.2. Short-term Incentive plan
Feature           Description
Purpose           The ‘at-risk’ STI plan provides Executives the opportunity to earn an incentive that is contingent upon performance
                  against a combination of agreed financial and non-financial performance targets, which are set by the Board in
                  consultation with the Group CEO at the start of each financial year.
Delivery          Delivered in a combination of cash and deferred equity (50% deferred for the Group CEO and Group CFO and 25%
                  deferred for other Executives).
                  Deferred equity comprises performance rights that convert into fully paid ordinary shares in Metcash, which only
                  become unrestricted at the end of the deferral period.
Performance       1 May each year to 30 April the following year.
period
Eligibility       All Executives participate in the STI plan.
                  The Group CEO and Group CFO participate in the Group STI pool which is determined by the Group’s Adjusted EBIT.
                  Group Adjusted EBIT represents consolidated Group underlying EBIT adjusted to include Program Horizon costs,
                  Mega Distribution Centre (‘DC’) transition costs and any other items as determined by the Board. (‘Group Adjusted
                  EBIT’). The pillar CEOs participate in their respective pillar STI pools which are determined by a combination of their
                  respective pillar EBIT and Group Adjusted EBIT.
                                Directors’ Report



                                Feature            Description
                                STI opportunities The FY26 STI opportunities as a percentage of fixed remuneration for Executives are outlined below:
                                                                                  Below threshold              Threshold1                Target             Maximum
                                                   Position                             % of fixed              % of fixed            % of fixed            % of fixed
                                                   Group CEO                                     0%                  7.0%                 70.0%               122.5%
                                                   Other Executives                              0%                  6.0%                 60.0%               105.0%
                                                   1Threshold opportunity is calculated by multiplying the threshold EBIT outcome (20%) by the threshold

                                                   Balanced Scorecard outcome (50%) by Target.
                                                   From FY26, the maximum STI opportunity is 175% of target. This has been decreased from 225%, as
                                                   determined using the calculation shown below. A cap will now be applied to the formulaic outcome.
                                Financial gate-    The Group Adjusted EBIT or pillar underlying EBIT acts as a ‘gate-opener’ for the STI pools from which awards are
                                opener             paid. The STI pools are only released for distribution when the threshold Group Adjusted EBIT or pillar underlying
                                                   EBIT budget result, as applicable, is achieved. From FY26, the ‘gate-opener’ for the STI pools has been changed from
                                                   95% of budget to 90%, where 20% of the STI pool will be available for distribution.
                                                   The STI pools are generally made available for distribution on the following basis:
                                                   Achievement                                                 Distribution of STI pool
                                                   Below threshold 90% of budget EBIT                          0% - no pool is available for distribution
                                                   Threshold 90% of budget EBIT                                20% of the respective STI pools
                                                   Below Target 95% of budget EBIT                             50% of the respective STI pools
                                                   Budget or ‘Target’ EBIT                                     100% of the respective STI pools
                                                   Over-achievement >=105% of budget EBIT                      150% of the respective STI pools

                                Performance        Once the applicable financial ‘gate-opener’ is achieved and the STI pool is released for distribution, and scaled as
                                measures           noted above, a participant’s individual STI award is determined based on Group and individual performance, through
                                                   a Balanced Scorecard, and behaviours. An individual’s overall performance rating is equally weighted between their
                                                   scorecard results and Metcash behaviours.
21                                                 The Balanced Scorecard is established at the start of the financial year and includes a combination of financial and
                                                   non-financial performance measures. These performance measures are aligned to Group strategy (Group
                                                   objectives), with additional individual performance measures, which vary for each Executive, aligning with the




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                   strategies for their respective pillars (Individual objectives).
                                                   Details of the FY26 performance measures and targets are provided in Section 4.3.
                                Target setting     Performance targets are established against each performance measure following a rigorous budget setting process
                                                   that considers many factors, including market conditions. This process includes draft budgets being prepared by
                                                   leadership teams with pillar CEO and CFO reviews and subsequently Group CEO and CFO reviews. The Board then
                                                   reviews and approves the draft budgets to ensure that they are both sufficiently challenging and achievable.
                                Performance        The People, Culture & Nomination Committee (PCNC) assesses the outcomes against the performance measures for
                                Assessment         all Executives. Behavioural ratings act as a modifier to performance outcomes against scorecard objectives and can
                                                   result in an adjustment of the overall performance rating for each Executive.
                                                   Our Metcash Behaviours are:




                                                                                  Continuous                     Team                           Think
                                                   Accountability                 Improvement                    Work                           Customer
                                                   I am open and honest,          I learn from success and       I am responsible for the       I understand and
                                                   accepting responsibility       failure and seek out a         strength and diversity of      anticipate my customer /
                                                   and delivering on              better way and                 my team, and I own my          retailer / supplier /
                                                   promises. I act with           collaborate with others to     development. I build a         shopper needs and drive
                                                   integrity.                     reach the best outcome.        strong culture.                innovation for mutual
                                                                                                                                                benefit.
                                                   An individual’s STI award is calculated on the following basis:


                                                                                                        Group/Pillar                Balanced                    Individual
                                                        Fixed                                                                       Scorecard                   STI award
                                                     remuneration              STI target %            EBIT outcome
                                                                                                         (0-150%)                   outcome                    (up to 175%
                                                                                                                                    (0-150%)                    of target)

                                                   The above approach ensures that the Group Adjusted EBIT and pillar EBIT outcomes have a 50% weighting in
                                                   determining any STI outcomes, once the ‘gate-opener’ has been met. From FY26, the maximum STI outcome
                                                   achievable will be capped at 175% of target, from the 225% previously determined through the above formula.
Directors’ Report



Feature             Description
                    When determining STI outcomes, the PCNC uses its judgement to ensure that the awards align to overall business
                    performance in addition to shareholder and other stakeholder expectations. The PCNC makes a recommendation to
                    the Board on the STI awards to be made to Executives for final approval.
Deferred vesting    The deferred performance rights are conditional and only vest if the Executive remains employed by the Company
criteria            up to 3 July in the following year.
Deferred awards     The number of performance rights issued to participants is calculated by dividing the value of the STI award to be
calculation         deferred by the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Metcash ordinary shares over the 20 trading days prior to
                    the end of the performance period which ends on 30 April.
Board discretion    The Board may exercise discretion to adjust the STI pool to more appropriately reflect the performance of the Group
                    or a specific pillar. The Board also retain discretion to adjust vesting outcomes in any circumstances to ensure they
                    are appropriate.
Clawback            Executive STI awards are subject to clawback for cause or material misstatement of the Group’s financial statements.

3.3. Long-term Incentive plan
Feature             Description
Purpose             The LTI is designed to enable Metcash to attract and retain Executives, whilst incentivising these Executives to
                    achieve challenging performance outcomes aligned to the creation of shareholder value.
Delivery            Delivered in performance rights. Each performance right is a right to acquire Metcash shares at no cost, subject to
                    the satisfaction of performance and service conditions.
Performance         The performance period for LTI offers is three years, commencing on 1 May of the relevant financial year.
period
Eligibility         All Executives participate in the LTI plan.
LTI opportunities   The FY26 LTI opportunities as a percentage of fixed remuneration for Executives are outlined below:
                                           LTI Opportunity as
                    Position                       % of fixed                                                                                      22
                    Group CEO                             140%
                    Other Executives                       90%




                                                                                                                                                Metcash Financial Report 2026
Performance         From FY25, LTI offers are subject to two performance measures: Adjusted EPS (with a ROFE ‘gate-opener’) and
measures            ATSR, equally weighted.

                    Adjusted Earnings per Share (AEPS)
                    AEPS represents consolidated Metcash underlying earnings per share adjusted to include Program Horizon
                    significant items expense and Mega DC significant items expense. AEPS will be measured by reference to the
                    compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of the Company’s AEPS over the three-year performance period.
                    The use of AEPS as a performance measure reflects the Company’s strategic focus on growth and is aligned with the
                    Company’s objective to grow earnings in a manner that is directly aligned with shareholder interests. However, the
                    Board also recognises the importance of generating growth at a return on capital that is at a rate superior to the
                    Company’s weighted average cost of capital to deliver targeted earnings. Hence, as an added level of rigour, the
                    Board determined to retain a minimum ROFE target as a gate-opener. ROFE is a measure that evaluates the
                    efficiency with which Metcash uses capital to generate profits and is calculated as Group Adjusted EBIT divided by
                    the average of funds employed at the beginning and end of the financial year.

                    Absolute Total Shareholder Return (ATSR)
                    ATSR is a measure that aligns the reward outcomes of Executives with the experience of shareholders. ATSR is
                    measured as the growth in share price over the performance period plus dividends paid to shareholders and
                    assumes dividends are reinvested when they are paid. The opening and closing share prices used in the calculation
                    are typically set with reference to the VWAP of Metcash shares over the 20 business days prior to the end of the
                    Metcash financial year. The Board may exercise discretion to adjust the calculation for capital transactions as
                    deemed appropriate. The ATSR result is expressed as a percentage and reported as the CAGR over the performance
                    period.
Performance         For the FY26 LTI offer, the rights vest against the AEPS and ATSR outcomes as follows:
testing
                    Vesting scale                                      Vesting %                  AEPS CAGR                    ATSR CAGR
                    Threshold                                                25%                         3.5%                          6.0%
                    Target                                                   50%                            —                          7.3%
                    Stretch                                                  75%                            —                          8.7%
                    Equal to or above maximum                               100%                         8.0%                        10.0%
                    ATSR vesting occurs on a straight-line basis between each outcome, with nil vesting below threshold. The full
                    vesting scale for AEPS will be disclosed following the testing date. For AEPS, the above vesting scale will only apply if
                    ROFE exceeds the gate-opener threshold of 17.5% over the performance period, otherwise no Performance Rights
                    subject to AEPS testing will vest.
                                Directors’ Report



                                Feature                 Description
                                Board discretion        The LTI offers and vesting outcomes are subject to the Board’s absolute discretion.
                                Clawback                Executive LTI awards are subject to clawback for cause or material misstatement of the Group’s financial
                                                        statements.


                                4.    FY26 Business performance and remuneration outcomes
                                The charts below show Metcash’s financial performance and percentage of maximum STI or LTI, as appropriate, paid to Executives in the
                                five-year period ended 30 April 2026.




23




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                1. Group Adjusted EBIT represents the Group Underlying EBIT adjusted to include Program Horizon costs, Mega Distribution Centre (‘DC’) transition costs and any
                                   other items as determined by the Board. With effect from FY24, STI pools are based on the Group Adjusted EBIT (FY22 and FY23: based on Group Underlying EBIT).
                                2. With effect from the FY24 LTI offer, ROFE is calculated as Group Adjusted EBIT divided by the average of funds employed at the beginning and end of the financial
                                   year (previously, based on Group Underlying EBIT divided by the average of funds employed at the beginning and end of the financial year).


                                Other Group performance metrics over the last five years were as follows:

                                Financial year                                                                 FY22               FY23                FY24                FY25                FY26
                                Revenue ($b)                                                                   15.2                15.8                15.9                17.3                17.4
                                Cash realisation ratio (%)                                                     91%                 77%                102%               105%                106%
                                Dividends declared per share (cents)                                           21.5                22.5                19.5                18.0                18.0
                                Closing share price (as at 30 April) ($)                                       4.79                3.90                3.94                3.22                2.82
                                Total STI payments to Executives as a % of maximum                           78.1%               79.6%               33.8%                6.6%               16.0%


                                In FY26, the Group delivered a solid earnings result through challenging and uncertain economic conditions. Our diversified portfolio
                                strategy continues to deliver, and in FY26 this was primarily through the resilience of the Food and Liquor pillars, whilst further action
                                has been taken to strengthen the Tools and Hardware pillar in the face of a challenging external environment. Overall, the Metcash
                                Group Adjusted EBIT outcome was below target.
                                The Food pillar delivered an above target EBIT result reflecting strong sales growth, with Liquor above threshold EBIT for FY26. The
                                Hardware pillar EBIT outcome was below threshold for the year reflecting challenging conditions that included product cost inflation,
                                softness in residential housing activity and elevated interest rates.
                                The STI outcomes for Executives range between 7.1% to 25.4% of maximum.

                                4.1. Actual FY26 Executive remuneration
                                The table below reflects actual cash payments and performance rights which have vested during the year ended 30 April 2026, for the
                                period in which the Executives were KMP. It does not include incentive awards determined by FY26 performance which are paid during
                                FY27. The table does not comply with AASB or IFRS requirements. The required statutory disclosures are shown in Section 8 of this
                                report:
Directors’ Report



                                       Fixed                                            STI
                                remuneration                 STI cash1            deferred2                    LTI3           Other LTI4                  Total
Executive KMP                              $                         $                    $                      $                    $                      $
Current
D Jones                              1,850,000                       —              319,504               477,205                      —            2,646,709
D Sita                                  925,000                      —               34,220                      —              304,567             1,263,787
S Marshall                           1,075,000                       —                     —                     —                     —            1,075,000
G Ramage                                978,334               254,303                78,204                 90,329                     —            1,401,170
K Wallbridge                            800,000               147,458                      —                     —                     —              947,458


Former
R Murray                                171,667                      —                     —                     —                     —              171,667

1. Represents the cash component of the FY25 STI awards of 50% (Group CEO), 60% (Group CFO) and 75% (other Executives) paid in cash in July 2025.
2. The deferred equity component of the FY24 STI awards of 40% (Group CEO), 33% (Group CFO) and 25% (other Executives) vested in July 2025 (FY26). The amounts
   presented above are based on the number of rights that vested multiplied by the VWAP on Metcash shares over the 20 business days until 30 April 2025 of $3.17
   per share.
3. The FY23-FY25 LTI vested at 50% in August 2025. The amounts presented above are based on the number of rights that vested multiplied by the VWAP of Metcash
   shares over the 20 business days until 30 April 2025 of $3.17 per share.
4. Represents Ms Sita’s FY24 Group CFO buy-out grant (Tranche 2) which vested at 66.6% following Ms Sita’s achievement of the performance measures. The
   amounts presented above are based on the number of rights vested multiplied by the VWAP of Metcash shares over the 20 business days ending 30 June 2025 at
   $3.60 per share.


4.2. FY26 Fixed remuneration outcomes
During the year, the following fixed remuneration changes for Executives were implemented:
− the Group CEO, Doug Jones, received an increase in fixed remuneration of 5.7% effective 1 May 2025. This is the first increase in fixed
  remuneration for Mr Jones since his commencement in February 2022 and recognises his ongoing performance and leadership in the
  strategic transformation of Metcash towards a diversified and resilient business;
                                                                                                                                                                      24
− the Group CFO, Deepa Sita, received an increase of 2.8% in fixed remuneration effective 1 May 2025, in recognition of performance
  over the prior financial year;




                                                                                                                                                                   Metcash Financial Report 2026
− the CEO Food, Grant Ramage, received a 2.4% increase in fixed remuneration effective 1 May 2025, in recognition of strong FY25
  performance. Mr Ramage subsequently received an increase of 14.9% in fixed remuneration, effective 1 July 2025, to reflect the
  increase in accountability in his role, with the integration of Superior Food Group into the Food pillar;
− the CEO TTHG, Scott Marshall, received an increase of 15.8% effective 1 July 2025, to reflect the increased scope of the role with the
  merger of the Total Tools and IHG businesses; and
− the CEO ALM, Kylie Wallbridge, received a 14.3% increase in fixed remuneration effective 1 May 2025, to reflect her performance in
  the role since commencing in March 2024 and relative positioning to market benchmarks.
It is Metcash’s approach to position remuneration around the market median with capacity to move towards the upper quartile for
deeply experienced or high-performing incumbents to ensure we are able to attract and retain the calibre of executives required to drive
the overall Metcash strategy whilst delivering operational objectives.

4.3. FY26 STI outcomes
The FY26 Group STI pool outcome was above threshold but below target. Group Adjusted EBIT improved by 3.1% ($15.2 million) on
FY25, underpinned by the strong result in Food. Further details are provided in the above introduction to Section 4.

The Balanced Scorecard outcomes against the Financial, Strategic and Individual objectives are shown on the following page. Group sales
(including charge-through, excluding tobacco) improved by 3.8% on FY25, reflecting growth across all pillars and the impact of
acquisitions. The Group sales scorecard outcome was, however, rated at below target for FY26.
Safety (TRIFR) was 17.8, consistent with FY25 on a like-for-like basis, a below threshold outcome. Whilst all lead indicators were achieved
this year, the outcome highlights the need for an increased focus on keeping our people safe in FY27.
For employee engagement, again there was an increase in response rates, with the engagement result holding steady with FY25, a below
threshold outcome. Importantly, the engagement result for our frontline employees increased by 1% from FY25.
The Customer Net Promoter Score was between threshold and target, with an increase from 14.9 in FY25 to 15.5, incorporating the
integrated Food Service & Convenience business.
As outlined in Section 3.2, FY26 STI awards for Executives are determined by Group and/or pillar EBIT, Balanced Scorecard outcomes,
and also informed by an assessment of behaviours. The FY26 STI awards for Executives range from 7.1% to 25.4% of maximum which the
Board considers is appropriate and aligns with performance of the Group over the financial year.
The FY26 Group Adjusted EBIT and pillar EBIT outcomes, which act as ‘gate-openers’ for the STI pools and are weighted 50% in the
calculation of STI awards, are summarised below:
                                Directors’ Report



                                                                                        FY26 Group/Pillar EBIT Outcomes
                                               Measure                  Threshold                 Target                 Stretch                  Actual Outcome
                                                                        - 10%                   $522.9 m                       + 5% $498.3m: below target; reflecting the
                                  Financial: Group Adjusted EBIT
                                                                                                                                    combined pillar outcomes
                                                                                                                                      Food outcome: above target
                                                                        Targets vary by pillar with threshold and stretch levels
                                  Financial: Pillar underlying EBIT                                                                   ALM outcome: above threshold
                                                                          of performance 10% below and 5% above target
                                                                                                                                      TTHG outcome: below threshold

                                The FY26 Balanced Scorecard, which is weighted 50% in the calculation of any STI awards, comprises Group objectives and Individual
                                objectives, as summarised below:

                                                                                             FY26 Balanced Scorecard
                                               Measure                  Threshold                 Target                 Stretch                  Actual Outcome
                                Group Objectives: Financial (30%)

                                  Sales revenue (FY25 = $17.65m;       - 2.8%                    $18.5 bn                  + 2.8% $18.32bn: below target; 3.8% sales growth
                                  incl. charge-through, excl. tobacco)                                                            from FY25

                                Group Objectives: Strategic (40%)

                                  Safety: TRIFR (FY25 = 17.81) (gate-   17.06                     15.51                        13.96 17.8 TRIFR: below threshold; lead
                                  opener: green lead indicators)                                                                     indicators achieved

                                  Employee Engagement (FY25 =           66%                        68%                          73% 65%: below threshold; holding against FY25
                                  65%)                                                                                              with increased participation

                                  Customer: Group Customer Net          14.9                       16.4                         18.0 15.5: below target; positive progress from
                                  Promoter Score (FY25 = 14.92)                                                                      FY25 in challenging markets
                                  1 Includes acquired businesses, including Superior Food Group

                                  2 Includes the integrated Food Service & Convenience business
25
                                Individual Objectives (30%)             Threshold                 Target                 Stretch                  Actual Outcome




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Group CEO: D Jones                      -5%                  FY25 + target %                    +5% Below threshold: increases in tech
                                  Retail media EBIT                                                                                 deployment and revenue from FY25

                                                                               Distinct targets for EBIT, NPS and Engagement          Target: EBIT below target; NPS increase;
                                  FS&C & TTHG integration scorecard                                                                   and steady engagement

                                Group CFO: D Sita                       $10m                      $15m                         $20m Above target: positive progress on cost
                                  Group cost savings $m                                                                             management programs
                                                                                        Implementation of strategy
                                                                                                                                      Threshold: deferral of implementation
                                  Strategic business development3
                                CEO TTHG: S Marshall                    -5%                  # Screens & $m                     +5% Below threshold: # screens and revenue
                                  Retail media screens and revenue                                                                  below threshold
                                                                               Distinct targets for EBIT, NPS and Engagement          Target: EBIT below target; NPS increase;
                                  TT&HG integration scorecard                                                                         and positive engagement
                                  CEO Food: G Ramage                    -5%                  # Screens & $m                     +5% Threshold: # screens above target with
                                  Retail media screens and revenue                                                                  revenue below threshold
                                                                               Distinct targets for EBIT, NPS and Engagement          Below target: EBIT below target; NPS
                                  FS&C integration scorecard                                                                          increase; and steady engagement
                                                                                            Acquisition targets                       Target: continued progress against retail
                                  Retail ownership3                                                                                   ownership objectives
                                  CEO ALM: K Wallbridge                 -5%                  # Screens & $m                     +5% Below threshold: # screens and revenue
                                  Retail media screens and revenue                                                                  below threshold
                                                                                        Earnings expansion targets                    Maximum: ongoing progress with key
                                  Customer renewals3                                                                                  customer renewals
                                3 Commercially sensitive objectives and targets relating to business development and growth
Directors’ Report



The table below outlines the Group and Individual objective outcomes and how the FY26 STI awards are determined:

                                                     Balanced Scorecard Outcome (0 - 150%)
                       Group/Pillar EBIT                                                                            STI Outcome               STI Outcome
                              Outcome                   Group            Individual              Overall                   as a %                 as a % of
Executive KMP                (0 - 150%)             Objectives           Objectives             Outcome                 of target                maximum
                                         (a)                  (b)                   (c)        (d) = (b) + (c)               (a) x (d)
Current
D Jones                             53.7%                 31.0%                15.0%                 46.0%                   24.7%                     14.1%
D Sita                              53.7%                 31.0%                24.2%                 55.2%                   29.6%                     16.9%
S Marshall                          26.9%                 31.0%                15.0%                 46.0%                   12.4%                       7.1%
G Ramage                            79.3%                 31.0%                25.0%                 56.0%                   44.4%                     25.4%
K Wallbridge                        42.7%                 31.0%                22.5%                 53.5%                   22.8%                     13.1%


The table below reflects the Executives’ FY26 STI outcomes when compared against target and maximum potential STI:

                                     Target         Maximum                  STI                  STI                  STI            Total             Maximum
                                potential STI     potential STI       awarded %                 cash1            deferred2     STI awarded            STI forfeited
Executive KMP                               $                $       of maximum                     $                    $               $                        $
Current
D Jones                            1,295,000          2,266,250              14.1%           159,945              159,945                319,890        1,946,360
D Sita                               555,000            971,250              16.9%             82,183              82,183                164,366          806,884
S Marshall                           660,000          1,155,000               7.1%             61,137              20,379                 81,516        1,073,484
G Ramage                             600,000          1,050,000              25.4%           199,836               66,612                266,448          783,552
K Wallbridge                         480,000            840,000              13.1%             82,240              27,413                109,653          730,347
1. The cash component of the FY26 STI reward of 50% (Group CEO and Group CFO) and 75% (other Executives) is payable in cash in July 2026.
2. The deferred equity component of the FY26 STI reward of 50% (Group CEO and Group CFO) and 25% (other Executives) is deferred and released through the issue
                                                                                                                                                                         26
   of Metcash performance rights, conditional upon the executive being employed by the Company on 3 July 2027 or in accordance with separation arrangements.




                                                                                                                                                                      Metcash Financial Report 2026
4.4. FY25 STI deferred equity outcomes
The following table presents the vesting of the FY25 STI deferred equity component, based on expected completion of the employment
service condition or in accordance with separation arrangements:

                                                                                                                                                     No. of rights
                                                                                                        No. of         No. of rights               expected to be
Participant                                                              Vesting date              rights held      expected to vest                    forfeited
Current
G Ramage                                                                   3 July 2026                  26,740                   26,740                         —
K Wallbridge                                                               3 July 2026                  15,505                   15,505                         —

The number of performance rights were calculated by dividing 25% of the FY26 STI award dollar value by the VWAP of Metcash ordinary
shares over the 20 trading days ended 30 April 2025 of $3.17 per share. The FY25 STI deferred equity component is expected to vest on
3 July 2026 following the Executive’s completion of the service condition. These performance rights will be allocated as shares in July
2026.

4.5. FY26 LTI outcomes

FY24-FY26 LTI grant
The plan is expected to vest on 15 August 2026 at 20.5%. The FY24-FY26 LTI grant vesting results are set out below:

Performance measure              Weighting        Performance result                                                                          Vesting result (%)
ROFE                             50%              ROFE performance over the three-year plan period was 21.8%                                                40.9%
ATSR                             50%              ATSR CAGR performance over the three-year plan period was –2.4%                                               0%
                                Directors’ Report




                                The vesting ranges for the FY24-FY26 grant were established prior to the acquisitions of Superior Foods, Bianco and Alpine, which were
                                announced in February 2024. The Board considered two alternative approaches to assessing ROFE over the three-year performance
                                period in the context of these acquired businesses. The first option was to exclude the acquisitions from the measure and retain the
                                original vesting range; the second was to include them in the ROFE measure and adjust the vesting range accordingly, thereby holding
                                management to account for their performance over the period. The Board subsequently exercised discretion to include these
                                acquisitions in ROFE and refine the vesting range to a threshold of 21.2% (25% vesting) and a maximum of 24.2% (100% vesting). This
                                resulted in the vesting outcome shown above of 40.9% for ROFE. Originally, the vesting range was from a threshold of 22.6% to a
                                maximum of 25.6%, and the exclusion of the acquisitions resulted in a ROFE of 24.1%, which would have vested at 62.4%.
                                 The ATSR vesting scale ranged from 6% CAGR (threshold 25% vesting) to 10% CAGR (maximum 100% vesting). Vesting occurs on a
                                straight-line basis between each outcome, with nil vesting below threshold.

                                                                                                                                                                                     No. of rights
                                                                   Performance                                                No. of                  No. of rights                expected to be
                                Participant                        Measure                                               rights held               expected to vest                     forfeited
                                D Jones                            ROFE                                                     199,873                            81,748                       118,125
                                                                   ATSR                                                     199,873                                —                        199,873
                                D Sita                             ROFE                                                       68,528                           28,028                        40,500
                                                                   ATSR                                                       68,528                               —                         68,528
                                G Ramage                           ROFE                                                       28,495                           11,654                        16,841
                                                                   ATSR                                                       28,495                               —                         28,495

                                4.6. Details of LTI grants made to Executives during the financial year

                                FY26-FY28 LTI grant
                                The following FY26-FY28 LTI grant was made to the Executives during FY26:

27                                                                                                                                                                                          Grant
                                                                                                                                                                Fair value           entitlement
                                                                                                                                                                 per right            (% of fixed
                                Participant               Grant date                   Measure           Vesting date                  No. of rights                     $        remuneration)1




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Current
                                D Jones                   10 September 2025            AEPS              14 August 2028                     386,445                    3.52                    140%
                                                                                       ATSR              14 August 2028                     386,445                    2.50
                                D Sita                    8 July 2025                  AEPS              14 August 2028                     127,760                    3.52                      90%
                                                                                       ATSR              14 August 2028                     127,760                    2.51
                                S Marshall                8 July 2025                  AEPS              14 August 2028                     134,858                    3.52                      90%
                                                                                       ATSR              14 August 2028                     134,858                    2.51
                                G Ramage                  8 July 2025                  AEPS              14 August 2028                     120,662                    3.52                      90%
                                                                                       ATSR              14 August 2028                     120,662                    2.51
                                K Wallbridge              8 July 2025                  AEPS              14 August 2028                       99,369                   3.52                      90%
                                                                                       ATSR              14 August 2028                       99,369                   2.51

                                1. The grant entitlement is expressed as a percentage of the face value of performance rights divided by the participants’ annual fixed remuneration at the end of the
                                   prior financial year.


                                4.7. Additional remuneration arrangements

                                These additional grants are delivered in performance rights to secure key talent and accelerate growth objectives. Each performance
                                right is a right to acquire a Metcash share at no cost, subject to the satisfaction of performance and service conditions as set out below.

                                Group CFO buy-out grant
                                Upon appointment, the Group CFO, Ms Sita was provided with a grant of performance rights in consideration of incentives foregone
                                from her previous employer. These performance rights are subject to performance and tenure conditions over two tranches. The first
                                tranche was tested as at 30 June 2024 and vested fully, in accordance with the performance conditions. The second tranche was tested
                                as at 30 June 2025 following Board approval of the FY25 Group Adjusted EBIT outcome. The vesting details are shown below:

                                                                                                                                 Vesting      No. of rights      No. of rights      No. of rights
                                Participant          Tranche            Performance result                                        result               held           vested           forfeited
                                D Sita               Tranche 2          Service condition and individual                           66.6%            126,904             84,603             42,301
                                                                        performance met; FY25 Group
                                                                        Adjusted EBIT threshold not met
Directors’ Report



5.    Executive KMP service agreements
Name                           Agreement term                             Executive notice       Metcash notice             Redundancy
D Jones                        Ongoing unless notice given                12 months              12 months                    12 months
D Sita                         Four years (based on visa limitations)1    6 months               6 months                       6 months
S Marshall                     Ongoing unless notice given                6 months               6 months                       6 months
G Ramage                       Ongoing unless notice given                6 months               6 months                       6 months
K Wallbridge                   Ongoing unless notice given                6 months               6 months                       6 months

1. Ms Sita’s visa expires in September 2027.


In the event of cessation of employment, an Executive’s unvested performance rights will ordinarily lapse; however, this is subject to
Board discretion which may be exercised in circumstances such as death, disability, retirement, redundancy, or special circumstances.

In some circumstances on termination of employment, the Group may require individuals to enter into non-compete arrangements with
the Group. These arrangements may require a payment to the individual.

5.1. Minimum shareholding guidelines
Minimum shareholding guidelines have been implemented for all Executives commencing as of the effective date specified below or
upon the date of appointment in the role, whichever occurs later.

Position                    Value                                                  Time to achieve        Effective date
Group CEO                   100% of Fixed remuneration                             Five years             1 May 2018
Other Executives            50% of Fixed remuneration                              Five years             May 2019




                                                                                                                                              28




                                                                                                                                           Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Directors’ Report



                                6.     Remuneration governance
                                The following diagram illustrates Metcash’s remuneration governance framework.


                                                                                                   Board
                                     The Board is responsible for overseeing that the Group’s remuneration framework and policies are aligned with the Group’s purpose,
                                        values, strategic objectives and risk appetite. The Board oversees and approves recommendations from the People, Culture &
                                     Nomination Committee and the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee. The Board ultimately approve the remuneration outcomes for
                                                                                                 the Executives.




                                           Audit, Risk                       PEOPLE, CULTURE & NOMINATION                                EXTERNAL ADVISORS
                                     & Compliance Committee                       COMMITTEE (‘PCNC’)
                                            (‘ARCC’)
                                                                                                                             The PCNC may commission external advisors
                                                                          The PCNC is the key governing body                 to provide information and/or
                                 The ARCC support the                     in respect of remuneration matters.                recommendations on remuneration. If
                                 PCNC by reviewing the                    In addition to Non-executive Director              recommendations are sought in respect
                                 Group’s financial results which          and executive remuneration, the                    of KMP remuneration, interaction with
                                 form the basis for STI and LTI           PCNC oversee major people‑related                  external advisors is governed by protocol,
                                 awards and providing advice              programs such as culture and diversity,            which ensures the Committee can obtain
                                 relating to material risk and            equity, and inclusion. The PCNC makes              independent advice. The Committee
                                 accounting issues that                   recommendations to the Board based on              Chair may appoint and engage directly with
                                 may affect the Board’s                   its review of proposals received                   external advisors on KMP remuneration
                                 deliberations in determining             from management.                                   matters. Further, any remuneration
                                 STI and LTI award outcomes.                                                                 recommendations obtained from external
                                                                                                                             advisors are used as a guide, rather than as a
29                                                                                                                           substitute for the Committee’s thorough
                                                                                                                             consideration of the relevant matters. The
                                                                                       MANAGEMENT                            Committee consider the recommendations,




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                                                                                             along with other relevant factors, in making
                                                                                                                             remuneration decisions. Both the
                                                                          Provides information relevant to people            Committee and the Board are satisfied that
                                                                          and remuneration decisions and makes               the existing protocols ensure that
                                                                          recommendations to the PCNC.                       remuneration recommendations obtained
                                                                          Undertakes work as directed by the                 from external advisors are free from undue
                                                                          PCNC including obtaining information               influence from the Executive KMP to whom
                                                                          from external advisors to assist the               the remuneration recommendations apply.
                                                                          Committee with decision making.




                                The People, Culture & Nomination Committee engage and consider advice from independent remuneration consultants where
                                appropriate in relation to remuneration matters and Non-executive Director fees. During the year, no remuneration recommendations
                                as defined in section 9B of the Corporations Act 2001 were provided.

                                7.     Non-executive Director remuneration
                                Remuneration policy
                                The objectives of Metcash’s policy regarding Non-executive Director fees are:
                                − To preserve the independence of Non-executive Directors by not including any performance-related element; and
                                − To be market competitive with Non-executive Director fees in comparable ASX-listed companies and to the time and professional
                                  commitment in discharging the responsibilities of the role.
                                All Non-executive Directors are paid a fixed annual fee. In addition, Committee fees are paid to recognise the additional responsibilities
                                associated with participating on a Board Committee. The fixed fee to the Board Chair is to remunerate the Chair for all responsibilities,
                                including participating on any Board Committees.
                                To align individual interests with shareholders’ interests, Non-executive Directors are encouraged to hold Metcash shares. Non-executive
                                Directors fund their own share purchases and must comply with Metcash’s share trading policy.
Directors’ Report



Aggregate fee limit
Non-executive Director fees are limited to a maximum aggregate amount approved by shareholders. The current limit of $2,000,000 was
approved in 2021.

Minimum shareholding guidelines
Minimum shareholding guidelines have been implemented for all Non-executive Directors of one year’s base fees to be accumulated in
five years from the effective date of 1 May 2019 or upon their date of appointment as a Non-executive Director, whichever occurs later.

Non-executive Director fee structure
The table below outlines the fees paid to Non-executive Directors in FY26 and FY25. In FY26, all fees paid remained unchanged.
Consistent with the approach for determining executive remuneration, market benchmarks for Non-executive Director fees are
established from peer groups comprising ASX 200 companies that are similarly sized to Metcash, based upon market capitalisation, and
from within comparable industries.

                                                                                                       FY26                      FY25
                                                                                                         $1                        $1
Board
Chair                                                                                               433,094                433,094
Non-executive Director                                                                              167,595                167,595
Committee
Audit, Risk & Compliance
–       Chair                                                                                        46,350                  46,350
–       Member                                                                                       22,660                  22,660
People, Culture & Nomination
–       Chair                                                                                        46,350                  46,350
–       Member                                                                                       22,660                  22,660
Safety & Sustainability                                                                                                                      30
–       Chair                                                                                        36,050                  36,050
–       Member                                                                                       18,540                  18,540




                                                                                                                                          Metcash Financial Report 2026
Technology Advisory
–       Chair                                                                                        36,050                  36,050
–       Member                                                                                       18,540                  18,540
1. Per annum fees as at the end of the financial year, including superannuation.
                                Directors’ Report



                                Non-executive Director remuneration

                                                                                                     Financial                 Fees    Superannuation          Total
                                Name                                                                     year                     $                 $             $
                                Current
                                P Birtles                                                                FY26               403,105            29,989        433,094
                                                                                                         FY25               403,584            29,510        433,094
                                M Go1                                                                    FY26               197,140            23,501        220,641
                                                                                                         FY25                43,296             4,979         48,275
                                M Haseltine                                                              FY26               204,973            24,423        229,396
                                                                                                         FY25               216,557            24,730        241,287
                                M Johnson                                                                FY26               202,210            24,096        226,306
                                                                                                         FY25               203,117            23,189        226,306
                                H Nash                                                                   FY26               234,493             2,113        236,606
                                                                                                         FY25               230,584             6,110        236,694
                                D Whittle2                                                               FY26               186,564            22,232        208,796
                                                                                                         FY25                69,504             7,993         77,497
                                Former
                                C Holman3                                                                FY26                      —               —              —
                                                                                                         FY25                75,614             8,526         84,140
                                M Jordan4                                                                FY26               101,181            11,973        113,154
                                                                                                         FY25               197,310            22,534        219,844
                                Total                                                                    FY26             1,529,666           138,327      1,667,993
                                                                                                         FY25             1,439,566           127,571      1,567,137
31                              1.   Ms Go was appointed as a Non-executive Director on 1 February 2025.
                                2.   Mr Whittle was appointed as a Non-executive Director on 28 November 2024.
                                3.   Ms Holman retired as a Non-executive Director on 13 September 2024.
                                4.   Mr Jordan retired as a Non-executive Director on 31 October 2025.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Non-executive Director shareholdings

                                                                                       Balance at                      Acquired               Other        Balance at
                                Name                                                  1 May 2025                 during the year        Adjustments     30 April 2026
                                Current
                                P Birtles                                                 121,954                            —                   —           121,954
                                M Go                                                        23,535                       16,584                  —            40,119
                                M Haseltine                                                 69,355                        3,532                  —            72,887
                                M Johnson                                                   85,000                        5,000                  —            90,000
                                H Nash                                                      60,145                           —                   —            60,145
                                D Whittle                                                        —                       11,111                  —            11,111
                                Former
                                M Jordan1                                                   66,397                           —              (66,397)              —
                                                                                          426,386                        36,227             (66,397)         396,216
                                1.   Mr Jordan retired as a Non-executive Director on 31 October 2025.
Directors’ Report



8.    Statutory disclosures
Fixed and ‘at-risk’ remuneration

                                Fixed            STI            STI      Super-                                   Termination                    Performance-
                         remuneration          cash1    deferred 2, 3 annuation          Leave4 LTI equity            benefit5           Total         related
Executive         Year                 $           $                $              $           $              $                $             $                %
Current
D Jones           FY26       1,820,011 159,945                79,973        29,989        4,437       834,142                — 2,928,497                36.7%
                  FY25       1,720,490            —         197,045         29,510      (7,346)       540,211                — 2,479,910                29.7%
D Sita            FY26         895,011       82,183           41,092        29,989      11,749        320,901                — 1,380,925                32.2%
                  FY25         870,490            —           16,939        29,510      10,064        578,989                — 1,505,992                39.6%
S Marshall6       FY26       1,045,011       61,137           10,190        29,989      43,398        171,206                — 1,360,931                17.8%
                  FY25         411,671            —                —        14,966      32,234           8,559               —       467,430              1.8%
G Ramage          FY26         948,345 199,836                75,690        29,989      41,171        241,170                — 1,536,201                33.6%
                  FY25         820,490 254,303                90,615        29,510      10,495        110,997                — 1,316,410                34.6%
K Wallbridge      FY26         770,012       82,239           38,284        29,989        3,741       126,740                — 1,051,005                23.5%
                  FY25         670,490 147,458                24,577        29,510      16,006         16,143                —       904,184            20.8%


Former
R Murray7         FY26         136,678            —                —        34,989 (29,378)            58,831          717,365       918,485              6.4%
                  FY25         820,490            —            5,323        29,510        9,013       304,200                — 1,168,536                26.5%
A Welsh8          FY26                —           —                —              —           —             —                —              —                —
                  FY25         257,112            —           29,870          9,555     (6,824)       143,270                —       432,983            40.0%
Total             FY26       5,615,068 585,340              245,229        184,934      75,118 1,752,990              717,365 9,176,044                 28.2%
                  FY25       5,571,233 401,761              364,369        172,071      63,642 1,702,369                     — 8,275,445                29.8%
                                                                                                                                                                      32

1. The cash component of the FY26 STI reward of 50% (Group CEO and Group CFO) and 75% (other Executives) is payable in cash in July 2026. The cash component of




                                                                                                                                                                   Metcash Financial Report 2026
   the FY25 STI reward of 50% (Group CEO), 60% (Group CFO) and 75% (other Executives) was paid in cash in July 2025.
2. The deferred equity component of the FY26 STI reward of 50% (Group CEO and Group CFO) and 25% (other Executives) is deferred and released through the issue
   of Metcash performance rights, conditional upon the executive being employed by the Company on 3 July 2027. The fair value of the deferred share component is
   amortised over the performance period.
3. The deferred equity component of the FY25 STI reward of 50% (Group CEO), 40% (Group CFO) and 25% (other Executives) is expected to vest and be allocated as
   shares to participants in July 2026. The fair value of the deferred share component was amortised over the two-year performance period.
4. Includes changes in annual and long service leave entitlements. Amounts may be negative where the KMP’s annual leave taken in the year exceeds that accrued.
5. The termination benefit paid to Mr Murray was in accordance with the terms of his separation agreement.
6. Mr Marshall commenced employment on 20 November 2024 as CEO IHG. The amounts disclosed above for FY25 represent Mr Marshall’s remuneration relating to
   the period 20 November 2024 to 30 April 2025.
7. Mr Murray ceased employment on 1 July 2025 following the merger of the Total Tools and IHG businesses. The amounts disclosed above represent Mr Murray’s
   remuneration relating to the period 1 May 2025 to 1 July 2025.
8. Ms Welsh stepped down from the CEO IHG role on 31 August 2024 and continued in a corporate strategy and governance role. The amounts disclosed above for
   FY25 reflect Ms Welsh’s remuneration relating to the period from 1 May 2023 to 31 August 2024.
                                Directors’ Report



                                Executive KMP performance rights holdings

                                                                    Balance at                                      Vested/                          Other changes                   Balance at
                                Name                               1 May 2025                 Granted             Exercised1              Forfeited during the year2              30 April 2026
                                Current
                                D Jones                              1,271,560                772,890              (251,348)              (150,538)                       —           1,642,564
                                D Sita                                 412,863                255,520                (95,397)              (42,302)                       —              530,684
                                S Marshall                             118,754                269,716                       —                      —                      —              388,470
                                G Ramage                               310,964                268,064                (53,165)              (28,495)                       —              497,368
                                K Wallbridge                           107,416                214,243                       —                      —                      —              321,659


                                Former
                                R Murray                               383,806                       —                (2,722)             (310,756)               (70,328)                       —
                                Total                                2,605,363              1,780,433              (402,632)              (532,091)               (70,328)            3,380,745
                                1. As foreshadowed in the FY25 financial report, a total of 179,033 performance rights from the FY23-FY25 LTI plan vested on 15 August 2025. The vested shares
                                   were acquired on market and allocated to the participants on 15 August 2025. A total of 138,977 performance rights have vested in relation to the deferred
                                   component of the FY24 STI plan. Additionally, Ms Sita was granted 84,602 performance rights in relation to Tranche 2 of the Group CFO buy-out grant.
                                2. Includes balance adjustments for Executives leaving KMP roles. Mr Murray retained 70,328 performance rights as a 'good leaver'.


                                Executive KMP shareholdings

                                                                                                      Balance at                 Acquired            Other changes                   Balance at
                                Name                                                                 1 May 2025           during the year1          during the year2              30 April 2026
                                Current
                                D Jones                                                                   773,873                   251,328                  (100,000)                   925,201
                                D Sita                                                                    126,904                     95,397                          —                  222,301
                                S Marshall                                                                190,167                          —                          —                  190,167
33
                                G Ramage                                                                  144,266                     53,165                  (60,000)                   137,431
                                K Wallbridge3                                                                9,500                         —                          —                     9,500




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Former
                                R Murray                                                                         —                     2,722                    (2,722)                          —
                                Total                                                                  1,244,710                    402,612                  (162,722)                 1,484,600
                                1. Includes vesting of shares in relation to Metcash’s deferred STI and LTI plans.
                                2. Includes sale of ordinary shares and balance adjustments for Executives leaving or entering KMP roles.
                                3. Ms Wallbridge commenced with Metcash during FY24 and has five years to meet the minimum shareholding guideline.
Directors’ Report



Other disclosures
Unissued shares under share options and performance rights
At the date of this report, there were 8,026,121 performance rights (8,026,121 at the reporting date). There were no share options on
issue at the reporting date or at the date of this report. Refer to Note 7.1 of the financial statements for further details regarding
performance rights.

Shares issued as a result of options and performance rights
During the year, 1,383,796 shares were issued to employees and executives in relation to the vesting of the FY23-FY25 LTI grant. An
additional 337,680 shares were issued to employees and executives in relation to the vesting of various other LTI plans.

Indemnification of Auditors
Pursuant to the terms of engagement the Company has with its auditors, EY Australia, the Company has agreed to indemnify EY Australia
to the extent permitted by law and professional regulations, against any losses, liabilities, costs or expenses incurred by EY Australia
where they arise out of or occur in relation to any negligent, wrongful or wilful act or omission by the Company. No payment has been
made to EY Australia by the Company pursuant to this indemnity, either during or since the end of the financial year.

Non-audit services
Details of the non-audit services undertaken by, and amounts paid to the Company’s auditor, EY Australia are detailed in Note 7.2 of the
financial statements.
The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors
imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. The nature and scope of each type of non-audit service provided means that auditor
independence was not compromised.
The auditor’s independence declaration for the year ended 30 April 2026 has been received and is included on page 104.

Subsequent events
There were no events that have occurred after the end of the financial year that would materially affect the reported results or would
require disclosure in this report.
                                                                                                                                               34
Rounding
The amounts contained in this report and in the financial statements have been rounded to the nearest $100,000 (where rounding is




                                                                                                                                            Metcash Financial Report 2026
applicable) under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to
which the legislative instrument applies.


Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




Doug Jones
Managing Director and CEO
Sydney, 22 June 2026
                                Sustainability Report




                                Introduction
                                This report has been prepared for Metcash Limited and its controlled entities, hereinafter known as “Metcash”, in accordance with the
                                Corporations Act 2001 and AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures, which is the mandatory Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard
                                (ASRS) that has been issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB).

                                Contents
                                This report includes Metcash’s climate statements for the FY26 reporting period (1 May 2025 – 30 April 2026) and the corresponding
                                directors’ declaration (included on page 51).
                                This report aims to:
                                − Provide a detailed account of Metcash’s climate statements.
                                − Outline Metcash’s strategies and initiatives to address climate-related risks and opportunities.
                                − Demonstrate Metcash’s compliance with the AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures standard.



                                Table of Contents

                                SECTION 1.     BASIS OF PREPARATION, OVERVIEW OF METCASH AND ITS VALUE CHAIN AND REPORTING BOUNDARY                                         35
                                               1.1 Statement of compliance with AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures                                                         35
                                               1.2 Overview of Metcash’s operations and value chain                                                                         36
                                               1.3 Material information and forward-looking statements                                                                      37
                                               1.4 Transition relief                                                                                                        37

                                SECTION 2.     CLIMATE GOVERNANCE
                                               2.1 Board oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities                                                               38
35                                             2.2 Board climate skills, competencies and experience                                                                        39
                                               2.3 Board Committees supporting climate governance                                                                           39
                                               2.4 Management’s role in monitoring, managing and overseeing climate-related risks and opportunities                         39




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                               2.5 Impact of climate on remuneration policies                                                                               40

                                SECTION 3.     RISK MANAGEMENT
                                               3.1 Identification, prioritisation and assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities                                 40
                                               3.2 Monitoring climate-related risks and opportunities                                                                       41

                                SECTION 4.     STRATEGY
                                               4.1 Climate-related risks and opportunities                                                                                  41
                                               4.2 Climate resilience and scenario analysis                                                                                 45

                                SECTION 5.     METRICS AND TARGETS
                                               5.1 Climate-related targets                                                                                                  47
                                               5.2 Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions                                                                                   48



                                1. Basis of preparation, overview of Metcash and its value chain and reporting boundary
                                1.1. Statement of compliance with AASB S2 Climate-related disclosures
                                These climate statements have been prepared in accordance with AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures, which is the mandatory
                                Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard (ASRS) that has been issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB). These
                                climate statements have been prepared for Metcash Limited and its controlled entities (‘Metcash’) and should be read in conjunction
                                with Metcash’s financial statements for the period 1 May 2025 – 30 April 2026 (‘FY26’). During the reporting period there were a
                                number of changes to Metcash’s structure, detailed in Financial Statements Note 6.1.
                                Metcash’s climate statements cover a 12-month period for the year ended 30 April 2026 (FY26) which is aligned with the reporting
                                period of the related financial statements. The presentation currency of the climate statements is Australian Dollars (AUD), which aligns
                                to the presentation currency used in Metcash’s financial statements.
                                In preparing its climate statements, Metcash has assessed both its own operations and value chain. Please refer to Section 1.2 for an
                                overview of Metcash and its value chain.
Sustainability Report



Metcash defines its time horizons based on when its climate-related risks and opportunities could reasonably be expected to occur. The
following time horizons were identified:
− Short-term: 0 – 5 years
− Medium-term: 6 – 10 years
− Long-term: 11 – 25 years
The short-term time horizon aligns with Metcash’s:
− Five-year financial planning cycle;
− Business Resilience Framework (BRF) short-term time horizon; and
− 2030 Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) net emissions targets.
The medium-term time horizon aligns with Metcash’s BRF’s medium-term time horizon.
The long-term time horizon aligns with Metcash’s BRF’s long-term time horizon and 2040 Scope 1 and 2 net-zero target.
Metcash’s climate statement forms part of its broader corporate reporting suite which includes the Annual Report, ESG Report and other
public disclosures for the reporting period. Metcash’s ESG Report, which is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI) Standards, will provide broader disclosure on the Group’s environmental and social impacts and related activities.

1.2. Overview of Metcash’s operations and value chain




                                                                                                                                                    36




                                                                                                                                                 Metcash Financial Report 2026




Metcash is Australia’s leading wholesaler and service provider to independent businesses nation-wide. In addition to being an integrated
wholesaler and scaled logistics operator, it is also a retail banner owner, large and growing retailer, franchisor, and retail media operator.
Metcash’s core competencies include procurement, logistics, marketing, retail development and retail operational support. Metcash
operates predominantly in Australia and has operations in New Zealand that represent less than 5% of Metcash’s revenue and assets.
Metcash’s retail customers operate under some of Australia’s leading independent brands including: IGA, Foodland, Mitre 10, Home
Hardware, Total Tools, Cellarbrations, IGA Liquor and the Bottle-O. Metcash does not have a single customer that represents greater
than 10% of its revenue.
                                Sustainability Report



                                Metcash’s segments are:
                                − Food: Distribution of a wide range of products and services to independent supermarkets, convenience stores, and food service
                                  customers.
                                − Liquor: Distribution of liquor products to independent retail outlets, hotels, pubs and other on-premise venues.
                                − Hardware and Tools: Distribution of hardware products to independent retail outlets, along with frame and truss manufacturing and
                                  operating company-owned and joint venture retail stores.
                                Metcash’s upstream value chain consists of a diverse network of third-party logistics providers and more than 5,500 suppliers. While
                                Metcash’s key suppliers largely operate within Australia, their sourcing and value chain extends globally. Metcash also sources products
                                from suppliers based overseas, particularly for its private label or owned and exclusive brands.
                                Metcash’s operations consist of fleet for customer deliveries and retail operations and approximately 290 operationally controlled sites,
                                such as distribution centres and retail stores. Metcash’s downstream value chain consists of approximately 105,000 customers and 6,300
                                bannered stores (e.g. IGA, Mitre10, Cellarbrations) across Food, Hardware and Liquor segments.

                                1.3. Material information and forward-looking statements

                                1.3.1 Interaction with material information in the financial statements
                                Metcash’s climate statements may include the impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities that are not yet reflected in its FY26
                                financial statements. As a result, information may be considered material for climate reporting but not for financial reporting, largely due
                                to the forward-looking nature of the disclosures and the inclusion of value chain exposures. For example, certain climate-related risks
                                identified in the climate statements do not meet the criteria for recognition as a material provision and are therefore not recorded in the
                                FY26 financial statements.
                                1.3.2 Forward-looking statements
                                The Sustainability Report includes forward looking statements, judgements and estimates based on the Group’s current views and
                                assumptions at the reporting date. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Group’s control. This
                                may cause actual results to differ materially and should not be relied upon unduly.
                                It also includes forward looking climate information, such as the assumptions underpinning the climate scenario data and the impacts of
                                climate-related risks and opportunities which could reasonably be expected to affect Metcash’s prospects. This is subject to uncertainty
37
                                including the timing of climate outcomes, evolving scientific understanding, changes in policy and regulation, and the rapidly developing
                                nature of climate data, modelling and market practices.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                1.4. Transition relief
                                Metcash is reporting under the AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures standard for the first time. Given this, it is applying the following
                                AASB S2 standard’s transition relief that is available for first-time reporters:
                                − No disclosure of comparative information in the first annual reporting period in which the AASB S2 standard is applied.
                                − No disclosure of Scope 3 GHG emissions.
                                   Metcash adopted the amendments made to the AASB S2 standard in January 2025, AASB S2025-1 Amendments to Greenhouse Gas
                                   Emissions Disclosures, which permits Metcash to use the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) Determination 2008 to
                                   measure its Scope 1 and 2 emissions for its Australian business operations subject to NGER obligations. The GHG Protocol: A
                                   Corporate Accounting Standard (2004) (GHG Protocol) has been used for calculating Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions for operations
                                   which are not in scope under the NGER Act (2007).
Sustainability Report



2. Climate governance




                                                                                                                                                  38




                                                                                                                                               Metcash Financial Report 2026
2.1. Board oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities
The Board is responsible for Metcash’s purpose and values; setting its strategic direction, financial objectives, and risk appetite; and for
overseeing and monitoring its businesses, affairs and risks. The Board reviews and approves Metcash’s strategic business plans and
guiding policies.
The Board is also responsible for the overall governance of climate-related risks and opportunities and oversees the integration of
climate considerations into business planning and risk management, including trade-offs.
Accountability for climate-related risks and opportunities is outlined in the Board Charter, which explicitly references Board oversight of:
− Metcash’s purpose, values, and strategic direction, including climate and sustainability objectives.
− Annual business plans and budgets, with climate-related risks and opportunities considered as part of the business planning process.
− The social, ethical, and environmental impact of Metcash’s activities and operations, including related to climate change.
The Board considers climate-related risks and opportunities in its oversight of Metcash’s strategy, major transactions, and risk
management processes, including through regular reporting from Management and Board Committees (see Sections 2.3 and 2.4 below).
The Board may incorporate scenario analysis to assess climate resilience in strategic planning and major decisions, including future
capital investments and divestitures, as part of its evolving approach to climate-related risk management.
Climate-related risks and opportunities are integrated into Metcash’s BRF (also referred to as the enterprise risk management
framework) and the Metcash Group Risk Profile (also referred to as the enterprise risk register).
Reports from the Safety and Sustainability Committee (SSC) and the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee (ARCC) are presented by
each Committee Chair to the Board at Board meetings. These reports provide updates on decisions made and discussions held, including
progress against climate-related targets, climate-related risks and opportunities, and strategic implications. Matters considered by the
Committees, including climate-related risks, opportunities and disclosures, are escalated to the Board where relevant for consideration
and, where required, approval. In FY26, the Directors were informed of the climate-related risks and opportunities on six occasions
through meetings of the SSC and coordinated sessions involving the SSC and the ARCC, where matters relevant for the attention of both
Committees were considered. Each Committee considered and resolved matters separately in accordance with its Charter, with
coordinated sessions supporting integrated oversight of climate-related matters. The Board reviews and approves climate-related risks
and opportunities which could reasonably be expected to affect Metcash during the annual reporting process. No significant trade-offs
associated with climate-related risks and opportunities were considered by the Board.
                                Sustainability Report



                                2.2. Board climate skills, competencies and experience
                                Maintaining a balance of experience and skills is an important factor in Board composition. For details on the skills, competencies and
                                experience of individual Directors, see the ‘Board Information’ section at pages 11 to 13.
                                Each year, the People, Culture and Nomination Committee (‘PCNC’) reviews the skills and experience represented on Metcash’s Board
                                and considers whether there are areas that should be addressed through Board renewal and succession. The Board also engages
                                independent experts from time to time to provide advice and guidance where additional deep expertise is required to supplement the
                                directors’ skillset or to support them in the discharge of their duties.
                                In July 2025, Metcash issued a climate-focused self-assessment survey to assess the Directors’ understanding of their oversight
                                responsibilities of climate-related risks and opportunities. All Directors were surveyed and all demonstrated varying levels of climate-
                                related skills and competencies, ranging from developing awareness through to deep subject-matter understanding.
                                In September 2025, a climate-focused upskilling session was held for the Board, which focused on Directors’ oversight responsibilities of
                                climate-related risks and opportunities.

                                2.3. Board Committees supporting climate governance
                                The Board’s climate governance responsibilities are supported by three Committees: the SSC, the ARCC, and the PCNC. The Board has
                                delegated specific responsibilities to each Committee to support its oversight, including responsibilities related to climate governance.
                                Each Committee has a separate charter that sets out its roles, responsibilities and membership, and any other requirements related to
                                the running of the Committee. All Committees are chaired by, and are solely comprised of, independent Non-Executive Directors.

                                2.3.1 Safety and Sustainability Committee
                                The SSC assists the Board in discharging its duties and responsibilities in respect of Metcash’s safety, environmental, and sustainability
                                strategies, policies, and practices, which include consideration of climate-related risks and opportunities.
                                The SSC may make recommendations to the Board regarding Metcash’s climate strategies and initiatives, monitor the implementation
                                and effectiveness of these strategies, and oversee compliance with relevant laws and standards. It also reviews and recommends to the
                                Board the setting of targets and reviews performance against those targets, evaluates emerging trends, and assesses public disclosures
                                related to climate (including the statutory Sustainability Report).
39                              Climate-related targets, including emissions reduction and renewable energy targets, are developed and overseen by the ESG Council as
                                part of the Group’s broader sustainability strategy and operational planning. These targets reflect the Group’s response to climate-
                                related risks and opportunities, including those identified through the climate-related risks and opportunities assessment process, but




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                are not directly derived from individual climate-related risks or opportunities.
                                The SSC met six times in FY26 and reviewed iterative versions of Metcash’s draft climate statements. The Executive General Manager
                                Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations, and the Senior Sustainability Manager (or their delegate), attend each SSC meeting to provide
                                updates on climate-related metrics, risks and opportunities, and progress toward climate targets.

                                2.3.2 Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
                                The ARCC is responsible for overseeing Metcash’s risk management and internal control systems, including those relating to
                                climate‑related risks and opportunities.
                                The ARCC oversees the annual assessment of the effectiveness of Metcash’s controls and processes to manage and mitigate
                                climate‑related risks, as well as to support the identification and evaluation of climate‑related opportunities. This assessment forms part
                                of Metcash’s broader internal control assessment. The ARCC also monitors emerging and strategic climate-related risks and
                                opportunities that could reasonably affect Metcash and considers whether such matters are appropriately identified, assessed, governed
                                and reflected in Metcash’s risk management processes and related disclosures, where information about them is quantitatively or
                                qualitatively material. The ARCC met eight times in FY26.
                                In practice, this integrated oversight is supported through coordinated Committee processes, shared reporting and aligned governance
                                timing between the SSC and the ARCC, ensuring that climate-related risks, opportunities and disclosures are considered in a consistent
                                and connected manner.

                                2.3.3 People, Culture and Nomination Committee
                                The PCNC supports the Board’s oversight of climate-related matters through its responsibility for organisational culture, leadership
                                capability and performance frameworks. This includes oversight of people-related ESG initiatives and consideration of how Management
                                objectives and performance measures align with Metcash’s broader sustainability strategy.

                                2.4. Management’s role in monitoring, managing and overseeing climate-related risks and opportunities
                                Day-to-day responsibility for implementing Metcash’s strategy, including the identification, assessment and management of climate-
                                related risks and opportunities, is delegated by the Board to the Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO), supported by the Group Leadership
                                Team (GLT).
                                Management operates within the Group’s governance and risk management frameworks, including the Business Resilience Framework
                                (BRF), which establishes structured processes for the identification, assessment, management and monitoring of risks. Climate-related
                                risks and opportunities are incorporated into these processes, including through inclusion in the Group Risk Profile and the application of
                                defined methodologies supporting risk identification, assessment, prioritisation and ongoing monitoring.
Sustainability Report



Management-level oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities is exercised through established governance forums, including
the Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) Council and the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) Steering Committee
(SteerCo).
The ESG Council, chaired by the CEO, comprises cross-functional representatives from across the Group and provides oversight of
sustainability-related risks and initiatives, including climate-related risks and opportunities. The ESG Council reviews and challenges
management’s approach to identifying and managing climate-related risks and opportunities, monitors the progress of key initiatives,
and supports the integration of climate considerations into operational and strategic decision-making.
The ASRS SteerCo, chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO), oversees the development of Metcash’s climate-related
disclosures. The ASRS SteerCo applies internal governance processes, including review and challenge of methodologies, assumptions and
outputs relevant to climate-related risks and opportunities, including scenario analysis and financial effects. This includes consideration
of the identification, refinement and prioritisation of climate-related risks and opportunities for disclosure purposes. The ASRS SteerCo
reviews and escalates relevant climate-related risks and opportunities, to the SSC and the ARCC.
The SSC and the ARCC exercise oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities through structured reporting, review and challenge
processes. This includes oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities within the Group Risk Profile, and review and challenge of
management’s identification, assessment and prioritisation of climate-related risks and opportunities, including the methodologies,
assumptions and judgements applied.
In this context, climate-related risks and opportunities are considered at multiple points in the governance and reporting cycle, including
through management updates and formal Committee papers. The SSC and the ARCC consider and, where appropriate, approve key
elements of the Group’s climate-related disclosures through structured and, where relevant, coordinated review processes, with each
Committee exercising its responsibilities in accordance with its Charter.
Through this governance structure, climate-related risks and opportunities are subject to defined processes for identification,
assessment, review, challenge and approval, with escalation of key judgements from management-level forums to Board Committees for
oversight and decision-making.
Key management roles involved in monitoring, managing and overseeing climate-related risks and opportunities include:
    −     CEO: Embeds climate-related considerations into Metcash’s core values, purpose and long-term strategy. Chairs the ESG
          Council and oversees climate-related risks and opportunities, and relevant programs of work.
                                                                                                                                                 40
    −     CFO: Integrates climate-related considerations into financial practices and reporting. Chairs the ASRS SteerCo, which oversees
          the development of this report, including the identification and assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities.




                                                                                                                                              Metcash Financial Report 2026
    −     Chief Legal, Risk and Compliance Officer: Oversees legal and regulatory compliance across Metcash and its risk management
          frameworks. Is a member of the ASRS SteerCo.
    −     Executive General Manager Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations: Leads stakeholder engagement and external reporting
          on climate-related matters. Coordinates climate and broader sustainability communications and supports the ESG Council’s
          strategic initiatives.
    −     Group Head of Risk and Compliance: Oversees the design and implementation of the BRF, and advises on risk management,
          compliance and controls processes to assist Metcash in managing its risk and controls environment, including climate-related
          risks. The Risk and Compliance function oversees the Group Risk Profile (risk register), which incorporates climate-related risks
          and opportunities, and supports the ARCC in risk and opportunity governance.
    −     Senior Sustainability Manager: Leads climate-related strategies, oversees climate reporting, contributes to the identification,
          assessment, monitoring and reporting of climate-related risks and opportunities, and coordinates stakeholder engagement.
          Supports the CEO and ESG Council in delivering climate-related programs of work.

2.5. Impact of climate on remuneration policies
Metcash implements a balanced scorecard approach for remuneration, further details on which are available in the remuneration report
on pages 15 to 32. In this reporting period, there were no standalone climate or ESG related key performance indicators (KPIs)
incorporated into Board or executive remuneration outcomes. Metcash will continue to review and assess the measures within the
remuneration framework to ensure alignment with Metcash’s strategic objectives and may consider future climate-related incentives
when appropriate.

3. Risk management
3.1. Identification, prioritisation and assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities
The aim of this process was to identify and prioritise climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to affect
Metcash’s prospects or influence decisions made by primary users of the financial report. When considering primary users, management
focused specifically on existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors in general.
Only those climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to affect Metcash’s cash flows, access to finance,
or cost of capital are disclosed in Metcash’s climate statements.
                                Sustainability Report



                                The process of identifying and prioritising Metcash’s climate-related risks and opportunities is summarised below:
                                 1. Understand Metcash’s        Metcash considered whether its business activities, operations, inputs, relationships and
                                 operations, resources and      interdependencies with its value chain give rise to climate-related risks or opportunities.
                                 relationships                  See Section 1.2 ‘Overview of Metcash’s operations and value chain’ for details.
                                 2. Identify climate-related    Metcash considered a range of internal and external data sources of information, including:
                                 risks and opportunities        − Existing climate-related risk and opportunity assessments at Corporate level, Pillar level (Food,
                                                                  Liquor and Hardware), and site level (such as at Metcash’s key distribution centre locations)
                                                                − Climate-related risks and opportunities identified by selected market peer organisations; and
                                                                − Internal stakeholders from across Metcash, including from Food, Liquor and Hardware pillars
                                 3. Assess whether the          In making this assessment, Metcash applied its BRF and considered a combination of:
                                 climate-related risks and      − The likelihood of the event occurring; and
                                 opportunities could
                                 reasonably be expected         − The magnitude of the impact on Metcash’s strategy and business model if the event did occur.
                                 to affect Metcash’s            Metcash’s climate-related risks and opportunities were identified and prioritised based on the results
                                 prospects                      of the likelihood and consequence assessment as well as Metcash’s financial effects assessment and
                                                                scenario analysis.
                                                                Scenario analysis, as described in Section 4.2, is a key input into this process and is used to assess the
                                                                nature, impact and severity of identified risks and opportunities across different plausible climate
                                                                futures over the short, medium and long-term. Identified climate-related risks and opportunities are
                                                                assessed and prioritised using the Group’s BRF, consistent with the approach applied to other business
                                                                risks, and are incorporated into the Group Risk Profile where appropriate. The same process is used to
                                                                identify both climate-related risks and opportunities and was further formalised during the reporting
                                                                period as part of the Group’s transition to AASB S2-aligned climate reporting.
                                                                Climate-related risks and opportunities deemed material to Metcash, either by meeting qualitative or
                                                                quantitative materiality thresholds, are disclosed in Section 4.1.
                                 4. Mitigation actions and      Metcash has identified and assessed climate-related risks and opportunities before prevention and
                                 plans to remediate             mitigation actions. However, for the financial effects assessment and climate scenario analysis,
                                                                mitigation actions are considered.
41
                                Metcash finalised its assessment, including the identification of climate-related risks and opportunities, at the end of the reporting
                                period. Any events or changes that occurred during the period (for example, the acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries) has been




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                considered as part of this process.

                                3.2. Monitoring climate-related risks and opportunities
                                The monitoring of climate-related risks and opportunities is integrated within Metcash’s BRF. This framework supports Metcash’s efforts
                                to anticipate, respond to, and adapt to the challenges and opportunities posed by climate change. Climate-related risks and
                                opportunities are monitored and managed in the same way as other business risks relevant to Metcash.
                                Metcash monitors and assesses climate-related risks and opportunities periodically, and the same approach is applied to each. As part of
                                its assessment, Metcash evaluates potential financial impacts, changes in strategic direction, logistics adjustments, and considerations
                                related to acquisitions or divestments. These scenarios are reviewed within Metcash’s strategic planning process, and they are revisited
                                as needed to confirm there are no significant changes before conducting risk assessments and monitoring activities.

                                4. Strategy
                                Metcash is committed to achieving net-zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2040, and has set the following interim targets to support
                                this pathway:
                                − Reducing Scope 1 and 2 net emissions by 42% from a 2024 baseline by 2030, and
                                − Sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2025 for all operationally controlled sites in Australia (excluding Superior Foods).
                                To meet these targets, Metcash implements energy efficiency initiatives and purchases Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) through
                                Power Purchase Agreements and Large Generation Certificates (LGCs). There are currently no gross targets for emissions reduction. For
                                further details on Metcash’s climate targets and progress, see Section 5.
                                Metcash’s strategies for managing climate-related risks and opportunities are outlined below (Section 4.1).

                                4.1. Climate-related risks and opportunities
                                The following tables present the climate-related risks and opportunities identified that could reasonably be expected to affect Metcash’s
                                prospects. Metcash’s assessment of current and anticipated financial effects has been informed by internal and external data inputs that
                                were available (without undue cost or effort) at the time of reporting.
                                The assessment was also conducted with consideration to Metcash’s risk mitigation and adaptation strategies. Costs associated with
                                implementing the mitigation and adaptation measures represent normal business operations and are not material to Metcash.
Sustainability Report




Physical climate-related risks – Extreme weather events: bushfire, flood, extreme storms and cyclones

                              Damage to Metcash's facilities and equipment          Disruptions to Metcash’s outbound supply chain
Risk Description
                              and operational disruptions
Time horizon over which       This risk is most likely to occur over the medium     Short, medium and long-term.
the risk is likely to occur   and long-term. However, there is a chance that it
                              could also occur over the short-term, given the
                              uncertainty of extreme weather events.
Value chain                   The risk of damage to facilities and equipment,       The risk of damage to Metcash’s outbound supply
concentration and             as well as operational disruptions, may impact        chain may impact Metcash’s own operations and
impacts                       Metcash’s operations and broader value chain.         downstream value chain.
                              While extreme weather events can affect the           This risk exposure is concentrated in transport
                              network more broadly, exposure is higher in           routes passing through flood-prone areas and at
                              locations that are more susceptible to natural        facilities located in flood-prone areas. Where the
                              hazards.                                              transport corridor or facility is affected by flooding,
                              Flooding is a key risk, with potential damage to      the ability to move goods downstream may be
                              facilities and equipment, as well as operational      constrained.
                              disruptions, which may affect Metcash’s
                              operations and broader value chain. Exposure
                              to this risk, along with other natural hazards
                              such as bushfires, extreme storms and
                              cyclones, varies across the network and may
                              disrupt operations, damage infrastructure,
                              interrupt supply routes, and impact supplier
                              and customer networks depending on the
                              severity and location of events.
Summary of the current        This risk could lead to damage and destruction of     This risk may result in delays in servicing retailers
and anticipated effects       property, plant and equipment, product                and Metcash’s own stores, temporary store
on Metcash’s business         shortages and delays, the inability to service        closures, and increased operational costs and
model and value chain         customers and injury to staff.                        complexity.                                                  42
                              Metcash maintains a broad geographic                  Where supply chain disruptions occur, alternative
                              distribution of assets across Australia. This         delivery methods such as air or sea freight may be




                                                                                                                                              Metcash Financial Report 2026
                              spread reduces the likelihood that a single           required to service customers in isolated
                              climate event would affect more than a small          communities. Outbound supply chain disruptions
                              portion of assets in any given year. Damage to        caused by extreme weather did not materially affect
                              Metcash's facilities and equipment, and               Metcash’s business model or value chain in the
                              operational disruptions as a result of extreme        current year. Scenario analysis suggests that, in the
                              weather did not materially affect Metcash’s           short to medium-term, there are not expected to be
                              business model or value chain in the current          significant changes in the frequency or intensity of
                              year.                                                 physical climate hazards, allowing for normal
                              Based on historical events and scenario analysis      variability. Accordingly, financial and operational
                              undertaken, in the short to medium-term, there        impacts are not anticipated to change materially
                              are not expected to be significant changes in the     over this period, although this risk may increase
                              frequency or intensity of physical climate            over the longer-term.
                              hazards, allowing for normal variability.
                              Accordingly, financial and operational impacts
                              are not anticipated to change materially over this
                              period, although this risk may increase over the
                              longer-term.
Summary of the current        In FY26, extreme weather events, including flooding, bushfires, storms and cyclones, did not have a
financial effects             material impact on Metcash’s financial position, financial performance or cash flows. While significant
                              rainfall in Queensland led to flooding that caused some operational disruptions and stock losses, these
                              effects were not considered material.
                              Metcash’s 5 Food and Liquor Mega DCs and 3 Hardware Mega DCs are the most vulnerable due to the
                              size and scale of their operations. In addition, 31 stores and satellite distribution centres across the
                              network have been identified as being in locations more vulnerable to extreme weather events. This
                              represents 11% of total operationally controlled sites within the Metcash network. The geographic spread
                              of the network reduces the probability that a climate event would have a material impact net of
                              mitigation activities in any given year. The assessment of vulnerability has considered the Group’s
                              mitigation activities and is representative of how many sites are exposed to the risk, not the probable
                              impact.
                              No material climate-specific capital expenditure, financing or investment was deployed towards managing
                              Metcash’s climate-related physical risks in FY26.
Summary of the                Metcash’s anticipated financial impact assessment of extreme weather events considered the effects on
anticipated financial         inventory values, Metcash owned property, plant and equipment, as well as reduced sales due to delayed
effects                       inventory delivery and the inability to fulfil orders. Based on this, the assessment indicates that climate-
                              related physical risks are not expected to have a material impact on Metcash over the short, medium and
                              long-term. Although extreme weather events, including floods, which have been identified as the most
                                Sustainability Report



                                                              significant natural hazard posing a risk to operations, may occur, Metcash’s mitigation and adaptation
                                                              measures are considered sufficient to manage potential future physical disruption risks.
                                Mitigation and                − Management of supply chain risks through diversified suppliers and logistic routes, contingency plans
                                adaptation measures             for alternate freight modes for key outbound supply routes, as well as maintaining inventory buffers
                                                                that allow operations to continue during disruptions. Metcash also maintains business continuity
                                                                planning for workforce requirements, which has been tested during the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                              − Mega Distribution Centres are generally located in areas where bushfire or extreme flooding is of
                                                                lower risk, reducing inherent direct exposure to these physical risks. Where relevant, distribution
                                                                centres are equipped with mitigation measures such as fire detection and suppression systems to
                                                                protect against fires.
                                                              − Injury to staff or the public is mitigated through health and safety management systems, including
                                                                emergency response protocols.
                                                              − Maintenance of comprehensive insurance coverage including physical asset and business interruption
                                                                for extreme weather events.
                                                                Current mitigation measures are expected to continue over the short and medium-term. While current
                                                                mitigation measures are expected to continue over the long-term, additional actions may be required at
                                                                the most vulnerable sites. The scale of additional measures and associated costs will depend on future
                                                                climate conditions, which are inherently uncertain at this time.

                                Key assumptions,              − Insurance coverage is assumed to remain consistent across the short, medium, and long-term.
                                estimations, limitations        Metcash has estimated anticipated insurance costs based on historical data and assumptions about
                                and judgements                  how Metcash’s future climate-related losses may influence premium increases going forward.
                                                                Insurance costs may also be driven by broader market forces, including domestic and international
                                                                events, cost of capital, cost of reinsurance and industry claims. These factors have not been
                                                                incorporated into the analysis due to their high degree of uncertainty, dependence on external market
                                                                conditions, and the absence of sufficiently reliable and supportable forward-looking information.
                                                                Accordingly, the analysis is limited to variables that can be reasonably estimated based on available
43                                                              data and assumptions.
                                                              − Only supply route disruption in and around Mega Distribution Centres has been assessed, due to the
                                                                size and scale of operations at these sites. Further supply chain risks are not expected to be material




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                                due to Metcash’s diversified supplier base and logistic routes, along with contingency plans for
                                                                alternative freight modes on key outbound supply routes. The ownership structure and location of
                                                                Metcash’s Mega Distribution Centres are assumed to remain unchanged over the short, medium, and
                                                                long-term.
                                                              − Outbound service level (OBSL): Since OBSL data is only available at the aggregated State level, Metcash
                                                                used state level assumptions to inform its assessment. Reductions in outbound service levels due to
                                                                climate impacts are estimated based on historical events and other internal data points
                                                              − Discounting: Metcash’s assessment does not allow for the time value of money in the projection of
                                                                losses.
                                                              − Inflation rate: Metcash has inflated its revenue, inventory and asset values using publicly available data
                                                                from the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) to determine how it would change over
                                                                different time horizons. As part of the assessment, Metcash utilised the GDP growth rate outlined in
                                                                the Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) scenario and has assumed that Metcash's future
                                                                growth will align with overall economic growth in Australia.


                                Transition risk

                                Risk Description              Increased operating costs due to rising energy prices and fuel costs
                                Time horizon over which       Medium and long-term.
                                the risk is likely to occur
                                Value chain concentration     Rising energy, refrigerant and fuel prices may increase operating costs across Metcash’s operations and
                                and impacts                   broader value chain. This includes electricity and refrigerant used in distribution centres, warehouses and
                                                              stores, as well as fuel used in transport and logistics.
                                                              Exposure extends across inbound and outbound freight, supplier operations and third-party logistics
                                                              providers, which may pass through increased costs. The level of impact is influenced by market
                                                              conditions, regulatory settings and energy supply dynamics across jurisdictions.
                                Summary of the current        Increased energy and fuel costs may place upward pressure on operating expenses, distribution costs and
                                and anticipated effects on    product pricing. This could impact margins, particularly where cost increases cannot be fully passed
                                Metcash’s business model      through to customers.
                                and value chain
Sustainability Report



Risk Description               Increased operating costs due to rising energy prices and fuel costs
                               The risk may also influence procurement decisions, supplier pricing, and network efficiency initiatives.
                               Over the longer-term, sustained increases in energy costs may accelerate investment in energy efficiency,
                               alternative energy sources and optimisation of logistics networks.
Summary of the current         In FY26, increases in electricity and fuel costs contributed to marginally higher operating expenses across
financial effects              the network. These impacts were managed through pricing, cost control initiatives and operational
                               efficiencies and were not considered material to Metcash’s overall financial position, performance or
                               cash flows. No additional financing or investment specific to this climate-related risk was deployed
                               towards managing rising energy prices and fuel costs in the current reporting year, as many of the cost
                               optimisation, sourcing of renewable electricity and upgrades made were part of existing planning and
                               budgets.
Summary of the                 The Group operates across three product pillars with differing energy inputs, resulting in variable
anticipated financial          exposure to energy price movements driven by market, regulatory and cost factors over time. Suppliers
effects                        may also experience varying cost impacts, influencing the timing and extent of cost pass-through. The
                               Group’s ability to mitigate these pressures through scale, procurement strategies and contractual
                               mechanisms is expected to vary by energy source and supplier over time.
                               Metcash has determined that a quantitative disclosure of financial effects over the short, medium and
                               long-term is too uncertain to estimate due to the high variability in energy price trajectories, cost
                               movements and supplier pass-through dynamics. Qualitatively, sustained increases in energy and input
                               costs may elevate industry-wide cost pressures and adversely impact revenue where mitigation strategies
                               and contractual pass-through mechanisms do not fully offset these effects. Metcash’s Mega DCs and
                               satellite DCs in Food and Liquor are most vulnerable to rising energy prices and fuel costs. There are 5
                               Mega DCs and 27 Satellite DCs, representing 11% of total operationally controlled sites within the
                               Metcash network.
Mitigation and                 − Ongoing energy efficiency improvements and active management of electricity procurement and
adaptation measures              pricing.
                               − Optimisation of logistics networks and transition of fleet to hybrid and electric vehicles to improve fuel
                                 efficiency.
                               − Cost management strategies, including ability to pass through supplier and logistics cost increases.             44
                               − Refrigerant plant upgrades aligned with business-as-usual asset replacement cycles.
                               − Evaluation and ongoing commitment to renewable energy sourcing (including 100% renewable




                                                                                                                                               Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                 electricity in Australia embedded in BAU budgets).
                               These measures are expected to continue across the short and medium-term, with potential expansion
                               over the longer-term as energy markets evolve.
Key assumptions,               − Energy price projections are inherently uncertain and subject to market volatility, regulatory changes
estimations, limitations         and supply-demand dynamics.
and judgements
                               − Fuel cost assumptions are based on historical trends.
                               − The analysis assumes partial cost pass-through and continued implementation of efficiency initiatives.
                               − No significant structural changes to the operating model or energy mix have been assumed.
                               − The assessment does not incorporate potential step changes in energy policy or rapid technological
                                 change due to the lack of sufficiently reliable forward-looking information.


Climate-related opportunities

Opportunity description        Climate resilience in the operations and supply chain
Time horizon over which        Medium and long-term.
the opportunity is likely to
occur
Value chain concentration      Upstream, own operations and downstream.
and impacts                    The opportunity is present across Metcash’s operations and broader value chain.
Summary of the current         Metcash currently benefits from a geographically dispersed supply chain, supported by an extensive
and anticipated effects on     network of suppliers. This scale and reach provide a competitive advantage, particularly in remote and
Metcash’s business model       regional areas that are more exposed to extreme weather events.
and value chain                Enhancing the climate resilience of Metcash’s supply chain, assets, and infrastructure can help reduce the
                               likelihood of operational disruptions while also creating opportunities for relative upside during disruptive
                               events. This is most evident during acute climate-related events where the resilient network
                               configuration, inventory positioning and supplier flexibility can enable continuity of service and protect
                               margins. In certain disruption or climate scenarios, stronger resilience may enable Metcash to maintain
                               service levels, protect cash flows, and enhance its market position.
                                Sustainability Report



                                Opportunity description        Climate resilience in the operations and supply chain
                                Summary of the current         No material financial effects to the Group were identified during FY26.
                                and anticipated financial      Due to the uncertain impact of climate change over the medium and long-term and therefore high
                                effects                        degree of measurement uncertainty and judgement required in quantifying potential impacts,
                                                               quantitative information has not been disclosed.
                                                               If this opportunity were to have a material impact on Metcash in the long-term, this would result in
                                                               increased revenues, cash flows and net profit. While inherent uncertainty exists regarding the likelihood
                                                               and magnitude of the opportunity, Metcash expects that the associated business activities would extend
                                                               across the Group and encompass 100% of its operations.
                                Implementation                 − Strategically position inventory in key locations and high-risk regions ahead of climate-related events
                                strategies                       to minimise disruption, improve response times, and maintain product availability during periods of
                                                                 supply chain stress.
                                                               − Leverage advanced forecasting and replenishment tools such as Blue Yonder to incorporate climate-
                                                                 related assumptions (e.g. weather variability, seasonal disruption patterns and extreme events). This
                                                                 improves demand prediction, optimises ordering patterns and reduce supply-demand mismatches.
                                                               − Pro-actively communicate to the supplier network on current or anticipated climate-related impacts
                                                                 to:
                                                                     − Provide clear visibility of network impacts
                                                                      − Improve alignment between Metcash and suppliers where required
                                                                      − Support suppliers with inbound freight through the Group’s primary freight capability
                                                               − Incorporate climate-related considerations into Network location planning and operational decision-
                                                                 making to enhance long-term resilience.
                                                               − Prioritise capital investment in Distribution Centres and logistics infrastructure to improve resilience to
                                                                 extreme weather events and operational disruptions.
                                                               These strategies are expected to continue across the short and medium-term, with further expansion
                                                               over the longer-term as the Group refines its supply chain strategy, leverages technology investments
45
                                                               and responds to evolving climate-related risks and opportunities.

                                Key assumptions,               Metcash has determined that the level of uncertainty and judgement involved in estimating the projected




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                estimations, limitations       financial effects of this climate-related opportunity is such that the resulting quantitative information
                                and judgements                 would be unreliable or not useful.
                                                               This uncertainty arises from the difficulty in determining the nature, frequency, severity, timing and scope
                                                               of such events on the Group's business across the time horizons.
                                None of the climate-related risks or opportunities are expected to present a significant risk of material misstatement in the next
                                reporting period.

                                4.2. Climate resilience and scenario analysis
                                Metcash undertook a climate scenario analysis in the current reporting period to determine its resilience to physical climate-related risks
                                under two different climate scenarios. This analysis provides long-term views under two possible future states under a given set of
                                assumptions to understand how Metcash’s climate-related risks and opportunities might impact its business model and strategy. The
                                scope of the scenario analysis considered the Group’s own operations and value chain.
                                The scenarios selected were chosen to satisfy the requirements outlined in section 296D(2) of the Corporations Act 2001, which requires
                                Metcash to select one scenario where the global average temperature increase is limited to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels, and the
                                other where the average global temperature increase well exceeds 2.0°C above pre-industrial levels. As such, Metcash has selected the
                                Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)’s ‘Shared Socio Economic Pathway (SSP)1-1.9’ to assess the 1.5°C scenario and the
                                IPCC’s ‘SSP5-8.5’ to assess the “well exceeds” 2.0°C scenario.
                                The scenario analysis will be reviewed periodically to assess whether the estimated implications of climate-related uncertainties require
                                updating, with a detailed analysis undertaken at least every five years.
                                The following table provides a description for each selected scenario and the associated key assumptions.

                                                               Low emissions (SSP1-1.9)                               High emissions (SSP5-8.5)
                                Scenario description           Under the low emission scenario (SSP1-1.9),            Under the high emission scenario (SSP5-8.5), global
                                                               global warming is limited to 1.5°C through             warming is expected to increase to 3.3°C- 5.7°C
                                                               stringent climate policies and innovation,             above pre-industrial levels due to a fossil-fuel
                                                               reaching global net-zero CO2 emissions around          intensive world with limited climate action compared
                                                               2050. This scenario is associated with climate-        to what is currently in place. This scenario is
                                                               related transition risks and is aligned to the         associated with climate-related physical risks
                                                               Paris Agreement
Sustainability Report



                                Low emissions (SSP1-1.9)                              High emissions (SSP5-8.5)

Assumption summary
Climate-related policies        − Globally coordinated mitigation with high           − Limited climate mitigation policies resulting in
                                  policy certainty and a strong focus on                fossil fuels being the primary source of energy and
                                  climate and emission reduction through                push towards resource intensive activities.
                                  adoption of technology.

Macroeconomic trends            − Rapid economic growth but overall energy            − High economic growth with rapid convergence
                                  demand remains low due to increased                   between regions with strong reliance on fossil
                                  efficiency and shift in consumption                   fuels.
                                  patterns.                                           − Material intensive production and consumption
                                − Shifts in consumption and production                  patterns.
                                  patterns with focus on human well-being
                                  and sustainable development.

National or regional level      − High level of international and national            − Assumes fossil fuel resources are abundant.
variables                         cooperation and capacity building resulting         − Land use change with focus on resource intensive
                                  in rapid global development across all                development to meet high economic growth and
                                  regions (e.g. education, reduced resource-            supply demands.
                                  intense lifestyles).
                                − Land use changes due to dietary shifts and
                                  investment into afforestation.

Energy usage and mix            − Rapid transition away from fossil fuels to          − Rapid increase in energy consumption with fossil
                                  renewable energy sources with natural gas             fuel being the dominant supply of energy.
                                  playing a bridging role. Energy demand is           − Resurgence of coal alongside increases in oil and
                                  relatively low due to increased efficiency.           natural gas extraction

Developments in                 − Rapid technological development including           − Technological progress is concentrated on fossil         46
technology                        renewable energy technology, energy                   fuel supply and end use, renewable deployment
                                  efficiency and electric/hydrogen vehicles.            lags relative to demand growth.




                                                                                                                                              Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                − Improved agricultural practices with
                                  reduced emissions.

4.2.1 Time horizons used for scenario analysis
To align with the time horizons used with the climate-related risk and opportunity assessment, Metcash has opted to use the same
horizons in its climate scenario analysis:
− Short-term: 0 - 5 years
− Medium-term: 6 - 10 years
− Long-term: 11 - 25 years

4.2.2 Impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on Metcash’s strategy and business model against each scenario
The sections below outline the assessment of Metcash’s business model, strategy and value chain resilience under the two selected
scenarios.
Scenario 1: SSP1-1.9 (low emissions)
Under a low emissions scenario, carbon pricing, increasing regulatory requirements and higher energy costs, are expected to result in
marginal increases in operating and supply chain costs for Metcash and its value chain in the short and medium-term. Exposure to risks
and opportunities arising from transition-related policies, regulatory change and energy costs, is partially mitigated by the variety of
energy sources used by Metcash and the diversity of its supplier base and broad network of sites. Metcash also has contracts in place to
limit significant cost increases associated with rising energy costs in the short and medium-term and has set emissions-reduction targets
to reduce its exposure to carbon pricing over time.
In the long-term, the impact of transition risks is expected to moderate as policy frameworks stabilise and energy systems transition.
Scenario analysis suggests that while there may be costs associated in the long-term, the Group does not anticipate this to be material
given the scale of operations, diverse supplier base and established planning and budgeting processes that support timely mitigation
actions.
Scenario 2: SSP5-8.5 (high emissions)
In the short-term, climate‑related impacts are expected to remain broadly consistent with current conditions. In line with the low
emissions scenario, disruptions from extreme weather events are anticipated to be localised and temporary, with no material impact to
Metcash’s operating model.
In the medium-term, climate-related disruptions are expected to become more frequent and widespread compared to the short- term.
Extreme weather events will become more severe, impacting operations and logistics, particularly in high-risk areas such as Queensland
                                Sustainability Report



                                and Western Australia. Despite this increase, Metcash’s existing mitigation measures are expected to limit the scale and duration of
                                impacts and potentially strengthen our opportunity which is derived from: diversification of suppliers and logistic routes to manage
                                supply chain risks, contingency plans for alternative freight modes on key outbound routes and maintained inventory buffers that help
                                operations continue during disruptions. Operational costs, including climate-related insurance premiums will rise; however, they are not
                                anticipated to become material to Metcash.
                                In the long-term, climate-related disruptions are expected to diverge more significantly from current conditions and those expected in
                                the short and medium-terms. Extreme weather events, including floods and cyclones, along with supply chain disruptions, are
                                anticipated to become more frequent, intense, and geographically widespread. However, Metcash’s physical asset base and existing
                                mitigation measures are expected to support operational continuity and limit the risk of material impacts.
                                Summary of Metcash’s climate resilience assessment and capacity to adjust or adapt strategy and business model
                                Based on its climate scenario analysis, Metcash has assessed that climate-related risks and opportunities are not expected to have a
                                material impact on its strategy and business model over the short, medium or long-term. This assessment reflects the limited direct
                                exposure of owned assets and the flexibility inherent in Metcash’s operating model.
                                As outlined in Section 3, Metcash will continue to monitor climate-related risks and opportunities and will adjust or adapt its strategy
                                and business model as necessary to support ongoing business continuity and resilience. Metcash’s capacity to respond to climate-related
                                risks is supported by the following factors:
                                − Financial resources and flexibility:
                                  The funding required to implement additional climate mitigation or adaptation measures is not expected to be material to Metcash’s
                                  financial position, financial performance or cash flows.
                                − Asset profile and operational flexibility:
                                  Metcash predominantly operates from leased sites, limiting direct exposure to physical asset risks. As such, the need to redeploy,
                                  repurpose or upgrade owned assets is not expected to be material. This assessment will continue to be reviewed across short,
                                  medium and long-term horizons.
                                − Inventory resilience:
                                  Inventory represents a material asset category for Metcash. The Group maintains resilience through a diversified distribution
                                  network, enabling inventory to be redeployed or reallocated across locations in response to disruptions, including climate-related
47                                events. This flexibility reduces concentration risk and supports continuity of supply.

                                5. Metrics and Targets




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                5.1. Climate-related targets
                                Metcash is committed to achieving net-zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2040, and has set the following interim targets to support
                                this pathway:
                                − Reducing Scope 1 and 2 net emissions by 42% by 2030;
                                − Sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 20251.
                                Target                         Reducing Scope 1 and 2 net emissions by              Sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2025 for all
                                                               42% by 2030 & net-zero by 2040                       operationally controlled sites (excluding Superior
                                                                                                                    Foods)
                                Objective                      To deliver a near-term, science-aligned              To eliminate Scope 2 (purchased electricity)
                                                               reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions,                emissions across Metcash's operationally controlled
                                                               declining to net-zero by 2040                        sites.
                                Metric                         Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG                     Scope 2 market-based emissions
                                                               emissions2                                           Number of RECs purchased and surrendered
                                                                                                                    equalling total consumption for reporting period
                                Scope                          Applies to Metcash’s operationally controlled business operations in Australia


                                Period                         May 2024 – April 2030                                1 November 2025 onwards
                                Base period                    May 2023 – April 2024                                Does not apply
                                Target type                    Absolute quantitative target                         Absolute quantitative target
                                Alignment with jurisdictional Aligned with the Australian government’s              Not directly aligned with jurisdictional commitment
                                commitment                    target to reach net-zero GHG emissions by
                                                              2050.
                                Sectoral decarbonisation       This target was derived using the Science-           A sectoral decarbonisation approach is not directly
                                approach                       Based Targets (SBT) methodology and                  applicable to this target, as it is a renewable
                                                               constitutes Metcash's 2030 Scope 1 and 2             electricity sourcing target rather than an absolute
                                                               Science-Based Target.                                emissions reduction target.
                                Validation                     External consultants engaged to support validating baseline and Scope 1 and 2 2030 and 2040 targets
Sustainability Report



Target                              Reducing Scope 1 and 2 net emissions by                        Sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2025 for all
                                    42% by 2030 & net-zero by 2040                                 operationally controlled sites (excluding Superior
                                                                                                   Foods)
Review Process                      Progress against these targets is reviewed twice a year by the Safety and Sustainability Committee.
Revisions                           In FY26, no revisions have been made to the targets in the current period.
Progress achieved during the Metcash continues to make progress towards                            Metcash achieved this target in FY26.
period                       this target, noting an 18.5% improvement
                                    versus the forecasted annual reduction2.
                                    22.7% reduction from FY25.
  1 Superior Foods was acquired after the renewable target was set for Australian operations and therefore was excluded in this reporting period. Superior Foods
    will procure 100% renewable energy in the next reporting period.
  2 Reduction percentage is based on a baseline year ended 30 April 2024. The target was developed in accordance with the methodology prescribed in the NGER

    (Measurement) Determination 2008 and applies the same reporting thresholds as NGER. Accordingly, fugitive emissions from small refrigerant units (less than
    100 kg) are excluded from the baseline, but are included in the Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions disclosed in Section 5.2.


Metcash utilises Renewable Energy Certificate credits to meet its climate-related targets and has not implemented an internal carbon
price.

5.2. Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
Metcash measures its Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in accordance with the GHG Protocol except for its Australian operations and assets
which are within scope of the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) Act (2007). For Metcash, Australian operations
account for a majority of Scope 1 and 2 emissions. For the remaining emissions, outside of the scope of operations where NGER applies,
the GHG Protocol has been applied.
In applying the GHG Protocol (GHGP) method, Metcash has elected to use the operational control boundary approach for reporting
operational GHG emissions, to align with the requirements under AASB S2. Metcash determines operational control based on its ability
and authority to introduce and implement operating policies at a facility, including Work Health and Safety, environmental and utility
policies, and broader site operational practices. Any GHG emissions from entities or operations where Metcash does not have
operational control are excluded from its reporting.                                                                                                                  48
Direct GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by businesses and operations within Metcash’s organisational
boundary are reported as Scope 1. The indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed by these




                                                                                                                                                                   Metcash Financial Report 2026
businesses and operations are reported as Scope 2.
FY26 greenhouse gas emissions

Scope          Category                      Activity data                        Methodology                        Assumptions/Estimates
Scope 1        Stationary combustion         > Natural gas and LPG data is        > NGER Determination 2008          > Approximately 18% of Natural gas
               (Natural gas, LPG,            obtained from invoices               for all Australian operations      data has been estimated due to data
               diesel)                       provided by suppliers                > GHGP for facilities within       unavailability at the reporting date.
                                             > Stationary diesel data is          operational control, that do       Where data is unavailable, the
                                             collected on an annual basis         not have NGER reporting            consumption for the same period in
                                             from on-site managers and            obligations                        prior year is used, or using the average
                                             site-level records,                                                     monthly consumption by site type (e.g.
                                             supplemented by bulk fuel                                               liquor store, timber yard) per square
                                             delivery data                                                           metre multiplied by the site area
                                                                                                                     > 70% of stationary diesel has been
                                                                                                                     estimated based on averaging
                                                                                                                     available monthly fuel consumption
                                                                                                                     data across the reporting period and
                                                                                                                     applying this to months with missing
                                                                                                                     data, supplemented by site-level
                                                                                                                     assumptions where data was
                                                                                                                     incomplete
                                                                                                                     > Low uncertainty for natural gas and
                                                                                                                     LPG due to majority actual data used.
                                                                                                                     While stationary diesel includes a high
                                                                                                                     proportion of estimated data,
                                                                                                                     uncertainty is mitigated by using site-
                                                                                                                     specific historical consumption data
                                                                                                                     and consistent estimation
                                                                                                                     methodologies applied across the
                                                                                                                     portfolio
               Mobile combustion             > Transport fuel data from           > NGER Determination 2008          > Approximately 17–23% of mobile
               (Diesel, petrol, ethanol)     owned and leased vehicles            for all Australian operations      fuel is estimated and is based on
                                             within the Group's fleet is          > GHGP for facilities within       extrapolation of partial-year fleet card
                                             obtained from fleet card data        operational control, that do       data and application of average
                                                                                                                     monthly consumption profiles for
                                Sustainability Report



                                Scope        Category                 Activity data                      Methodology                     Assumptions/Estimates
                                                                      provided by transport fuel         not have NGER reporting         vehicles with incomplete data
                                                                      suppliers on a monthly basis       obligations                     coverage
                                                                                                                                         > Low uncertainty due to majority
                                                                                                                                         actual data used

                                             Fugitive emissions       > Hydrofluorocarbons used for > NGER Determination 2008            > HFC consumption for refrigeration
                                                                      refrigeration, air conditioning for all Australian operations      units is determined using Method 1 as
                                                                      and fleet refrigeration         > GHGP for facilities within       per the NGER Determination. Gas
                                                                                                      operational control, that do       stock is multiplied by a default leakage
                                                                                                      not have NGER reporting            rate applicable to the refrigeration
                                                                                                      obligations. This includes         equipment type
                                                                                                      fugitive emissions under           > For HVAC systems with <100kg
                                                                                                      100kg capacity                     capacity and fleet refrigeration, HFC
                                                                                                         > IPCC Sixth Assessment         consumption was estimated. HVAC
                                                                                                                                         system leakage was estimated by
                                                                                                         Report (AR6) for facilities
                                                                                                         that do not have NGER           applying an average consumption per
                                                                                                         reporting obligations           square meter by site, multiplied by a
                                                                                                                                         default leakage rate and average of
                                                                                                         > IPCC Fifth Assessment         the global warming potential sourced
                                                                                                         Report (AR5) for facilities     from Table 11 of the 2025 National
                                                                                                         within scope for NGER           Greenhouse Account (NGA) factors.
                                                                                                         reporting                       Fleet refrigeration was estimated by
                                                                                                                                         multiplying an average stock capacity
                                                                                                                                         per truck by a default leakage rate. It is
                                                                                                                                         assumed that all trucks utilise R404A
                                                                                                                                         refrigerant with an average system
                                                                                                                                         capacity of 1.8kg per vehicle, with a
49                                                                                                                                       default leakage rate of 15.7% applied

                                Scope 2      Purchased electricity    > Electricity data obtained        > NGER Determination 2008       > Approximately 20% of electricity
                                (location-                            from invoices provided by          for all Australian operations   data has been estimated due to data




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                based)                                suppliers                          > GHGP for facilities within    unavailability at the reporting date.
                                                                      > Solar power data provided        operational control, that do
                                                                                                                                         Where data is unavailable, the
                                                                      by interval data from individual   not have NGER reporting
                                                                      solar systems for 6 sites in       obligations                     consumption for the same period in
                                                                      Australia                                                          prior year is used, or data is estimated
                                                                                                                                         using the average monthly
                                                                                                                                         consumption by site type (e.g. liquor
                                                                                                                                         store, timber yard) per square metre
                                                                                                                                         multiplied by the site area
                                                                                                                                         > Solar power consumed from landlord
                                                                                                                                         owned and operated solar panels is
                                                                                                                                         treated as purchased electricity
                                                                                                                                         > Low uncertainty due to majority
                                                                                                                                         actual data used

                                Scope 2      Purchased electricity,   > Electricity data obtained        > Voluntary market-based    > Approximately 20% of electricity
                                (market-     renewable energy         from invoices provided by          Scope 2 emissions guideline data has been estimated due to data
                                based)       certificates             suppliers                          2025 published by the Clean unavailability at the reporting date.
                                                                                                         Energy Regulator
                                                                      > Solar power data provided                                    Where data is unavailable, the
                                                                      by interval data from individual                               consumption for the same period in
                                                                      solar systems for 6 sites in                                   prior year is used, or using the average
                                                                      Australia                                                      monthly consumption by site type (e.g.
                                                                      > LGCs are purchased for all                                   liquor store, timber yard) per square
                                                                      Australian sites from                                          metre is multiplied by the site area
                                                                      November 2025, excluding                                       where data is unavailable
                                                                      Superior Foods                                                 > Solar power consumed from
                                                                      > PPA in place for Truganina                                   landlord-owned systems is treated as
                                                                      DC                                                             purchased electricity, as Metcash does
                                                                                                                                     not hold ownership or contractual
                                                                                                                                     rights to the underlying renewable
                                                                                                                                     energy certificates
                                                                                                                                     > LGCs are purchased and surrendered
                                                                                                                                     for electricity consumption from
                                                                                                                                     November 2025. LGCs from Truganina
Sustainability Report



Scope         Category                 Activity data                   Methodology                     Assumptions/Estimates
                                                                                                      are also purchased and surrendered
                                                                                                      via a Power Purchase Agreement
                                                                                                      which has been in place for the
                                                                                                      reporting period
                                                                                                      > Superior Foods and NZ entities do
                                                                                                      not have LGCs applied to their
                                                                                                      electricity consumption
                                                                                                      > Low uncertainty due to majority
                                                                                                      actual data used


FY26 greenhouse gas emissions
                                                       FY26 GHG emissions
Scope 1 GHG emissions                                              46,442
Scope 2 GHG emissions (location-based)                             69,179
Scope 2 GHG emissions (market-based)                               41,143
Total GHG emissions (location-based)                              115,621
Total GHG emissions (market-based)                                 87,585
Metcash’s direct Scope 1 GHG emissions are generated through transportation activities, refrigeration of stock and stationary energy
consumption at Metcash’s operational sites.
Scope 2 GHG indirect emissions are measured using location and market-based methods. Metcash has opted to report its GHG emissions
targets using market-based methodology to accurately reflect the abatement of Scope 2 GHG emissions through externally procured
Australian LGCs.
Measurement approach                                                                                                                                 50
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in Metcash’s inventory are aggregated. The majority of data is collected and analysed monthly, including
electricity invoices, gas invoices and fuel usage reports. Metcash applies a hierarchical approach to emissions estimation, prioritising the




                                                                                                                                                  Metcash Financial Report 2026
use of actual data where available. Where direct measurement data is not available, estimates are derived based on the best available
information for each site and/or emissions source.
For Australian operations, emissions factors are sourced from the National Greenhouse Accounts Factors: 2025. For New Zealand
operations, emissions factors are sourced from the Ministry for the Environment’s Measuring Emissions: A Guide for Organisations 2025,
as per the table below:

Publication                                                         Application
NGER Measurement Determination 2008, Compilation No.18, August May and June 2025
2024                                                           Australia: electricity (location and market-based), natural gas, stationary
                                                               and transport fuels.

NGER Measurement Determination 2008, Compilation No 19, July        July 2025 to April 2026
2025                                                                Australia: electricity (location and market-based), natural gas, stationary
                                                                    and transport fuels.

New Zealand Ministry for the Environment. Measurement Emissions: May and June 2025
A Guide for Organisations, May 2024                              New Zealand: electricity (location-based), natural gas, stationary and
                                                                 transport fuels.

New Zealand Ministry for the Environment. Measurement Emissions: July 2025 to April 2026
A Guide for Organisations, June 2025                             New Zealand: electricity (location-based), natural gas, stationary and
                                                                 transport fuels.

BraveTrace Residual Supply Mix PY24                                 May and June 2025
                                                                    New Zealand: electricity (market-based)

BraveTrace Residual Supply Mix PY25                                 July 2025 to April 2026
                                                                    May and June 2025
                                                                    July 2024 to April 2025 New Zealand: electricity (market-based)

IPCC Fifth Assessment Report                                        Refrigerants

IPCC Sixth Assessment Report                                        Small AC Refrigerants
                                Sustainability Report



                                Metcash follows the directives of the GHG Protocol in its selection of the GHG emissions factors adopted in the calculation of the
                                inventory. For Australian facilities, Global Warming Potential (GWP) values considered were taken from the Fifth Assessment Report
                                (AR5) published by the IPCC, in alignment with NGER calculation methodology. Operations outside of the NGER scope use Global
                                Warming Potentials from Sixth Assessment Report (AR6).
                                Renewable electricity claims are supported by the exclusive surrender of Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) via the Renewable
                                Energy Certificate Registry or through the purchase of accredited GreenPower.
                                Contractual instruments
                                Metcash procures renewable electricity attributes through the purchase of Australian LGCs, which are used to support its market-based
                                Scope 2 GHG emissions reporting. These certificates represent electricity generated from renewable sources and are retired
                                (surrendered) on behalf of Metcash to substantiate renewable electricity claims.
                                During the reporting period, Metcash procured surrendered 36,500 LGCs for the period 1 November 2025 – 30 April 2026, representing
                                36,500 MWh of renewable electricity. These certificates relate to electricity consumption across Metcash’s Australian operations,
                                excluding Superior Foods, and support its stated renewable electricity position. For one of our sites in Victoria, Truganina DC, we have an
                                existing GreenPower agreement in place, in line with the original conditions for attaining 5-star GreenStar accreditation at that location.
                                Where Metcash does not obtain LGCs from on-site grid-connected solar systems, LGCs are procured on market to cover the solar energy
                                consumed on-site.

                                Directors’ Declaration
                                In the opinion of the directors of Metcash Limited (the Company), I state that the Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that
                                the substantive provisions of the Sustainability Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group) for the year ended 30
                                April 2026, as presented on pages 35 to 51, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:


                                     a)   Complying with Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures and any further
                                          requirements determined under section 296C(2) of the Corporations Act 2001; and
                                     b)   Containing the climate statement disclosures required by section 296D of the Corporations Act 2001.
51
                                Made in accordance with a resolution of the directors of Metcash Limited pursuant to section 296A(6) of the Corporations Act 2001, as
                                modified by section 1707C(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                On behalf of the Board




                                Doug Jones
                                Managing Director and CEO
                                Sydney, 22 June 2026
                                             Ernst & Young                        Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                             200 George Street                    Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                             Sydney NSW 2000 Australia            ey.com/au
                                             GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




Independent auditor’s review report to the members of Metcash
Limited
Conclusion
We have conducted a review of the following information in the Sustainability Report of Metcash
Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group) for the year ended 30 April 2026
(the ‘selective sustainability information’) as required by Australian Standard on Sustainability
Assurance ASSA 5010 Timeline for Audits and Reviews of Information in Sustainability Reports under
the Corporations Act 2001 issued by the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (AUASB):

                                      Criteria: Reporting requirement of
                                      AASB S2 Climate-related
                                      Disclosures (AASB S2) (including
Selective sustainability              related general disclosures                  Location in Sustainability Report
information                           required by Appendix D)
Governance                            Paragraph 6                                  Section 2.1 to 2.5 on pages 38 to
                                                                                   40
Strategy (risk and                    Subparagraphs 9(a), 10(a) and                Section 4.1 on pages 41 to 45,
opportunities)                        10(b)                                        including Risk description,
                                                                                   Opportunity description and Risk
                                                                                   type (transition or physical) only
Scope 1 and 2 emissions               Subparagraphs 29(a)(i)(1) to (2)             Section 5.2 on pages 48 to 51
                                      and 29(a)(ii) to (v)

The requirements of AASB S2 identified in the table above form the criteria relevant to the selective
sustainability information and apply under Division 1 of Part 2M.3 of the Corporations Act 2001 (the
Act).

We have not become aware of any matter in the course of our review that makes us believe that the
selective sustainability information specified in the table above does not comply with Division 1 of Part
2M.3 of the Corporations Act 2001.

Basis for conclusion

Our review has been conducted in accordance with Australian Standard on Sustainability Assurance
ASSA 5000 General Requirements for Sustainability Assurance Engagements (ASSA 5000) issued by
the AUASB. Our review includes obtaining limited assurance about whether the selective sustainability
information is free from material misstatement.

In applying the relevant criteria, we note that subsection 296C(1) of the Act includes a requirement to
comply with AASB S2.

Our conclusion is based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained in
accordance with ASSA 5000. The procedures in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are less
in extent than for, an audit. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially
lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had an audit been performed. See the
Summary of the Work performed section of our report.

A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Our responsibilities under ASSA 5000 are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities section of
our report.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
Act and the ethical requirements of APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
Independence Standards) issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board Limited
(November 2018 incorporating all amendments to June 2024) (the Code) that are relevant to reviews
of the selective sustainability information of public interest entities in Australia. We have also fulfilled
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code.

Our firm applies Australian Standard on Quality Management ASQM 1 Quality Management for
Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Reports and Other Financial Information or Other
Assurance or Related Services Engagements, which requires the firm to design, implement and
operate a system of quality management, including policies and procedures regarding compliance with
ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
conclusion.

Other information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the Company’s Annual Report, including the Financial Report and the Sustainability Report,
but does not include the selective sustainability information and our review report thereon.

Our conclusion on the selective sustainability information does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our review of the selective sustainability information, our responsibility is to read
the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the selective sustainability information, or our knowledge obtained when
conducting the review, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities for the selective sustainability information

The directors of the Company are responsible for:

▪     The preparation of the selective sustainability information in accordance with the Act; and

▪     Designing, implementing and maintaining such internal control necessary to enable the
      preparation of the selective sustainability information, in accordance with the Act that is free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Inherent limitations

As discussed in Section 1.3 on page 37 of the Report, climate-related risk management is an emerging
area, and often uses data and methodologies that are developing and uncertain. The Report contains
forward looking statements, including climate-related scenarios, targets, assumptions, climate
projections, forecasts, statements of future intentions and estimates and judgements that have not
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
yet occurred and may never occur. We do not provide assurance on the achievability of this
prospective information.

Greenhouse gas emissions quantification is subject to significant measurement uncertainty, which
arises because of incomplete scientific knowledge used to determine emissions factors and the values
needed to combine emissions of different gases. The comparability of sustainability information
between entities and over time may be affected by inconsistencies in the methods to estimate or
measure those emissions, due to different, but acceptable, methods applied.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether the
selective sustainability information, defined in the Conclusion section of our report, is free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a review report that includes our
conclusion. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence decisions of users taken on the basis
of the selective sustainability information.

As part of a review in accordance with ASSA 5000, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the engagement. We also:

▪     Perform risk assessment procedures, including obtaining an understanding of internal control
      relevant to the engagement, to identify and assess the risks of material misstatements, whether
      due to fraud or error, at the disclosure level but not for the purpose of providing a conclusion on
      the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control.

▪     Design and perform procedures responsive to assessed risks of material misstatement at the
      disclosure level. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
      than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Summary of the work performed

A review is a limited assurance engagement and involves performing procedures to obtain evidence
about the selective sustainability information. The nature, timing and extent of procedures selected
depend on professional judgement, including the assessed risks of material misstatement at the
disclosure level, whether due to fraud or error.

In conducting our review, the procedures we performed included, but were not limited to:

▪     Considered the completeness of Metcash Limited’s assessment of climate-related risks and
      opportunities

▪     Conducted interviews with key personnel to understand the process for collecting, collating and
      reporting the selective sustainability information during the reporting period

▪     Read minutes of relevant committees to understand matters discussed and decisions made with
      respect to climate-related disclosures

▪     Assessed the appropriateness of the reporting boundaries applied

A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
▪     Undertook analytical review procedures to support the reasonableness of the selective
      sustainability information

▪     Evaluated the appropriateness of emission factors applied in the greenhouse gas emission
      processes

▪     Agreed the selective sustainability information disclosures made in the report with the underlying
      records

▪     Evaluated the presentation and disclosure of the selective sustainability information against the
      requirements of AASB S2




Ernst & Young




Katrina Zdrilic
Partner
Sydney
22 June 2026




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Financial report
Table of contents



Financial Statements
Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                 57
Statement of Financial Position                                                                   58
Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                    59
Statement of Cash Flows                                                                           60

Notes to the Financial Statements
NOTE 1.       CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                               61

NOTE 2.       BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES
              2.1 Basis of preparation                                                            61
              2.2 Changes in accounting policy                                                    61
              2.3 Material accounting policies                                                    61
              2.4 Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions                    62

NOTE 3.       GROUP PERFORMANCE
              3.1 Segment information                                                             63
              3.2 Sales revenue                                                                   63
              3.3 Other income and expenses                                                       64
              3.4 Income taxes                                                                    66
              3.5 Earnings per share                                                              67

NOTE 4.       ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
              4.1 Trade and other receivables and customer loans                                  68
              4.2 Right-of-use assets, lease receivables and lease liabilities                    70
              4.3 Inventories                                                                     72
              4.4 Equity-accounted investments                                                    73
              4.5 Property, plant, and equipment                                                  75      56
              4.6 Intangible assets                                                               76
              4.7 Impairment of non-financial assets                                              78




                                                                                                       Metcash Financial Report 2026
              4.8 Trade and other payables                                                        79
              4.9 Provisions                                                                      79

NOTE 5.       CAPITAL STRUCTURE, FINANCING AND RISK MANAGEMENT
              5.1 Reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities                          81
              5.2 Interest-bearing borrowings                                                     81
              5.3 Put options and other financial liabilities                                     82
              5.4 Contributed equity and reserves                                                 84
              5.5 Dividends                                                                       84
              5.6 Financial risk management                                                       85
              5.7 Capital management                                                              88

NOTE 6.       GROUP STRUCTURE
              6.1 Business combinations and acquisition of additional interest in subsidiaries    88
              6.2 Parent entity information                                                       89
              6.3 Related party disclosures                                                       89

NOTE 7.       OTHER DISCLOSURES
              7.1 Share-based payments                                                            90
              7.2 Auditors remuneration                                                           93
              7.3 Commitments and contingent liabilities                                          93
              7.4 Subsequent events                                                               93

Appendices
Appendix A    New or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations                             94
Appendix B    Information on subsidiaries                                                         95

Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement                                                          98

Directors’ Declaration                                                                           103
Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                                               104
Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                     105
                                Statement of comprehensive income
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                                                                                                         Notes               FY26         FY25
                                                                                                                                              $m           $m
                                Sales revenue                                                                           3.1, 3.2         17,354.0     17,323.0
                                Cost of sales                                                                                        (15,005.0)      (15,080.3)
                                Gross profit                                                                                              2,349.0      2,242.7

                                Other income                                                                                3.3              27.0         28.7
                                Share of profit from equity-accounted investments                                           4.4              11.2         18.7
                                Employee benefit expenses                                                                   3.3          (1,232.8)    (1,161.8)
                                Depreciation and amortisation                                                               3.3           (258.0)       (240.0)
                                Lease expenses                                                                              3.3           (109.6)        (98.5)
                                Impairment expenses, net of reversals                                                       3.3             (28.7)       (42.4)
                                Other expenses                                                                                            (254.4)       (239.6)
                                Finance costs, net                                                                          3.3           (123.7)       (122.4)
                                Significant items                                                                           3.3               5.0          0.4
                                Profit before income tax                                                                                    385.0        385.8

                                Income tax expense                                                                          3.4           (104.2)       (102.4)
                                Net profit for the year                                                                                     280.8        283.4

                                Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                          (6.6)        (0.7)
                                Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                     274.2        282.7

                                Net profit for the year is attributable to:
57                              Equity holders of the parent                                                                                279.1        283.3
                                Non-controlling interests                                                                                     1.7          0.1
                                                                                                                                            280.8        283.4




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
                                Equity holders of the parent                                                                                272.5        282.6
                                Non-controlling interests                                                                                     1.7          0.1
                                                                                                                                            274.2        282.7


                                Earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders
                                of the company:
                                Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                            3.5              25.4         25.9
                                Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                          3.5              25.3         25.8




                                The above Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Statement of financial position
As at 30 April 2026


                                                                                                         FY26      FY25
                                                                                               Notes      $m        $m
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                67.2      84.8
Trade and other receivables and customer loans                                                   4.1   2,138.9   2,099.6
Lease receivables                                                                                4.2     36.7      39.4
Inventories                                                                                      4.3   1,514.8   1,542.8
Assets held for sale                                                                                       7.8       8.6
Other financial assets                                                                                     0.7       2.5
Total current assets                                                                                   3,766.1   3,777.7

Non-current assets
Customer loans                                                                                   4.1       5.6       9.1
Lease receivables                                                                                4.2    159.2     172.9
Equity-accounted investments                                                                     4.4    151.9     146.1
Net deferred tax assets                                                                          3.4    128.4     130.4
Property, plant and equipment                                                                    4.5    432.4     397.4
Right-of-use assets                                                                              4.2    800.5     801.3
Intangible assets                                                                                4.6   1,546.5   1,452.4
Other financial assets                                                                                     5.9       4.8
Total non-current assets                                                                               3,230.4   3,114.4
Total assets                                                                                           6,996.5   6,892.1

Liabilities
Current liabilities                                                                                                        58
Trade and other payables                                                                         4.8   3,041.1   3,014.8
Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                      5.2     98.4     263.3




                                                                                                                           Metcash Financial Report 2026
Lease liabilities                                                                                4.2    183.8     167.5
Provisions                                                                                       4.9    166.1     163.9
Income tax payable                                                                                       17.3        8.2
Put options and other financial liabilities                                                      5.3     18.8      16.9
Total current liabilities                                                                              3,525.5   3,634.6

Non-current liabilities
Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                      5.2    585.4     398.9
Lease liabilities                                                                                4.2   1,033.4   1,061.1
Provisions                                                                                       4.9     37.7      33.7
Put options and other financial liabilities                                                      5.3     91.9     127.2
Total non-current liabilities                                                                          1,748.4   1,620.9
Total liabilities                                                                                      5,273.9   5,255.5
Net assets                                                                                             1,722.6   1,636.6

Equity
Contributed equity                                                                               5.4   1,267.4   1,263.4
Retained earnings                                                                                       445.1     363.8
Other reserves                                                                                   5.4     (5.6)     (1.3)
Equity holders of the parent                                                                           1,706.9   1,625.9
Non-controlling interests                                                                                15.7      10.7
Total equity                                                                                           1,722.6   1,636.6

The above Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                Statement of changes in equity
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                                                                                                                              Non-
                                                                                      Contributed   Retained        Other Equity holders controlling    Total
                                                                                           equity   earnings     reserves of the parent interests      equity
                                                                              Notes           $m         $m           $m                $m      $m        $m
                                At 1 May 2025                                             1,263.4      363.8         (1.3)        1,625.9      10.7    1,636.6

                                Total comprehensive income, net of tax                         —       279.1         (6.6)            272.5      1.7    274.2
                                Transactions with owners
                                Share issue, net of transaction costs           5.4           4.0         —            —                4.0      —         4.0
                                Dividends paid                                  5.5            —      (197.8)          —          (197.8)      (1.9)   (199.7)
                                Share-based payments settled in cash                           —          —          (0.5)            (0.5)      —       (0.5)
                                On-market purchase of shares                                   —          —          (0.2)            (0.2)      —       (0.2)
                                Share-based payments expense                                   —          —           3.0               3.0      —         3.0
                                Acquisition of non-controlling interests                       —          —            —                 —       5.2       5.2
                                through business combinations
                                At 30 April 2026                                          1,267.4      445.1         (5.6)        1,706.9      15.7    1,722.6


                                At 1 May 2024                                             1,238.8      270.8          7.0         1,516.6      11.8    1,528.4

                                Total comprehensive income, net of tax                         —       283.3         (0.7)            282.6      0.1    282.7
                                Transactions with owners
                                Share issue, net of transaction costs           5.4          24.6         —            —               24.6      —       24.6
                                Dividends paid                                  5.5            —      (186.1)          —          (186.1)      (1.2)   (187.3)
                                Recognition of put option liabilities                          —        (2.6)          —              (2.6)      —       (2.6)
                                Transactions with non-controlling interests                    —        (1.0)          —              (1.0)      —       (1.0)
                                Transfers                                                      —        (0.6)         0.6                —       —         —
59
                                Share-based payments settled in cash                           —          —          (1.6)            (1.6)      —       (1.6)
                                On-market purchase of shares                                   —          —          (9.7)            (9.7)      —       (9.7)




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Share-based payments expense                                   —          —           3.1               3.1      —         3.1
                                At 30 April 2025                                          1,263.4      363.8         (1.3)        1,625.9      10.7    1,636.6

                                The above Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Statement of cash flows
For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                                                                                      FY26         FY25
                                                                                        Notes          $m           $m
Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers                                                                           21,204.5     21,056.7
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                              (20,440.0)   (20,312.1)
Financing component of lease payments, net                                                 4.2       (55.1)       (51.2)
Interest paid, net                                                                                   (64.6)       (66.3)
Dividends received                                                                                     5.4          5.0
Income tax paid, net of tax refunds                                                        3.4       (92.2)       (93.1)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                               5.1       558.0        539.0
Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from sale of assets                                                                            —           8.5
Payments for acquisition of assets                                                                  (175.2)      (148.5)
Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                             6.1       (68.9)      (403.8)
Receipts from subleases, excluding the financing component                                 4.2        39.3         41.1
Loans repaid by other entities, net                                                                    1.4         19.9
Net cash used in investing activities                                                              (203.4)      (482.8)
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                   5.2       850.0      1,235.1
Repayments of borrowings                                                                   5.2      (830.8)      (925.0)
Payments for acquisition of non-controlling interests                                      5.3        (8.9)       (36.1)
Payments for lease liabilities, excluding the financing component                          4.2      (184.2)      (166.0)
Payments for on-market purchase of shares                                                             (0.2)        (9.7)
Payment of dividends to owners of the parent                                               5.5      (193.8)      (161.5)
Payment of dividends to non-controlling interests                                                     (4.3)        (5.5)   60
Net cash used in financing activities                                                              (372.2)        (68.7)




                                                                                                                           Metcash Financial Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                    2026
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                            (17.6)       (12.5)
Add: opening cash and cash equivalents                                                                84.8         97.3
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                      67.2         84.8

The above Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026



                                1.   Corporate information
                                The financial statements of Metcash Limited (the ‘Company’) and its controlled entities (together the ‘Group’) for the year ended 30
                                April 2026 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 22 June 2026.
                                Metcash Limited is a for-profit company limited by ordinary shares incorporated and domiciled in Australia whose shares are publicly
                                traded on the Australian Securities Exchange. The nature of the operations and principal activities of the Group are described in the
                                Directors’ Report. The registered office of the Company is 1 Thomas Holt Drive, Macquarie Park NSW 2113.

                                2.   Basis of preparation and accounting policies
                                2.1. Basis of preparation
                                The financial statements are a general-purpose financial report that has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
                                Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting
                                Standards Board.
                                The financial statements have been prepared using the historical cost basis except for derivative financial instruments and share-based
                                payments which are measured at fair value.
                                The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest $100,000 unless otherwise stated
                                under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which the
                                legislative instrument applies.
                                The financial statements comply with Australian Accounting Standards. The financial statements also comply with International Financial
                                Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
                                The current financial year comprises a 52-week period that commenced on 28 April 2025 and ended on 26 April 2026. The prior financial
                                year comprised a 52-week period that commenced on 29 April 2024 and ended on 27 April 2025.

                                2.2. Changes in accounting policy

61                              The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous period.
                                There are no accounting pronouncements which have become effective from 1 May 2025 that have a significant impact on the Group’s
                                financial report. Refer to Appendix A for new or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Certain comparative information was amended in these Financial Statements to conform to the current year presentation. These
                                amendments do not impact the Group’s financial results and do not have a significant impact on the Group’s Balance Sheet.

                                2.3. Material accounting policies

                                2.3.1. Basis of consolidation
                                Controlled entities
                                The financial statements comprise the consolidated financial statements of Metcash Limited and its controlled entities for the year
                                ended 30 April 2026. Refer to Appendix B for a list of controlled entities.
                                Controlled entities are all those entities over which the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with
                                the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
                                Consolidation procedures
                                Controlled entities are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group and cease to be consolidated from the
                                date on which control is transferred out of the Group.
                                In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in full.
                                Non-controlling interests are allocated their share of total comprehensive income and are presented as a separate category
                                within equity.
                                The financial statements of controlled entities are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent entity, using consistent
                                accounting policies. For those controlled entities with non-coterminous year-ends, management accounts for the relevant period to
                                the Group’s reporting date have been consolidated. In the opinion of the Directors, the expense of providing additional coterminous
                                statutory accounts, together with consequential delay in producing the Group’s financial statements, would outweigh any benefit
                                to shareholders.
                                Separate financial statements
                                Investments in entities controlled by Metcash Limited are accounted for at cost in the separate financial statements of the parent entity
                                less any impairment charges. Dividends received from controlled entities are recorded as income in the separate financial statements of
                                the parent entity, and do not impact the recorded cost of the investment unless the dividends effectively represent a return of capital.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


2.4. Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
The Group has incorporated judgements, estimates and assumptions in determining the amounts recognised in the financial statements
based on conditions existing at balance date.

2.4.1. Significant accounting judgements
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, the following judgements were made, apart from those involving estimations,
which have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.

 Note                 Areas                                   Judgements
 Note 3.2             Sales revenue                           –    Charge-through sales – In addition to warehouse purchases,
                                                                   customers purchase goods through the Group’s charge-through
                                                                   platform and have these goods delivered directly to them from
                                                                   suppliers. The Group earns a margin on these sales for providing
                                                                   procurement, cross-docking and settlement services. The Group also
                                                                   bears credit risk on the receivables from these sales with limited
                                                                   recourse to suppliers.
                                                              –    The Group determined that it is an agent in these contracts as it does
                                                                   not control the goods before they are transferred to customers.
 Note 4.2             Leases                                  –    Determination of lease term of contracts with renewal options.
 Note 4.3             Inventories                             –    Supplier rebate income – The recognition and measurement of
                                                                   supplier rebate income requires the use of judgement, due to a high
                                                                   degree of variability in arrangements with suppliers, and due to
                                                                   timing differences between stock purchases and the realisation of
                                                                   income based on sales.
 Note 6.1             Business combinations                   –    Determining the existence of control, joint control or significant
                                                                   influence over the Group’s acquisitions. Where the Group exercises
                                                                   significant influence or joint control, the acquisitions are accounted
                                                                   for as equity accounted investments (Note 4.4); and where the Group
                                                                   exercises control, the acquisitions are accounted for as business
                                                                   combinations.                                                            62
                                                              –    Determining the acquisition date fair value of assets acquired and
                                                                   liabilities assumed on acquisition of controlled entities.




                                                                                                                                            Metcash Financial Report 2026
2.4.2. Significant accounting estimates
The carrying amounts of certain assets and liabilities are often determined based on estimates and assumptions of future events. The
key estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of certain assets and
liabilities within the next annual reporting period are:

 Note                  Areas                                                  Estimates
 Note 4.1              Trade and other receivables and customer loans         Allowance for impairment loss
 Note 4.4              Equity-accounted investments                           Assessment of recoverable amount
 Note 4.7              Impairment of non-financial assets                     Assessment of recoverable amount
 Note 4.2 and 4.9      Provisions                                             Property provisions
 Note 5.3              Put option liabilities                                 Determining put option consideration
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                3.     Group performance
                                3.1. Segment information
                                The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Chief Executive Officer
                                (the chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of resources. Discrete financial
                                information about these operating segments is reported on at least a monthly basis.
                                The information reported to the CEO is aggregated based on product types and the overall economic characteristics of industries in
                                which the Group operates. The Group’s reportable segments are therefore as follows:
                                − Food activities comprise the distribution of a range of products and services to independent supermarkets, convenience retail outlets
                                  and food service customers.
                                − Liquor activities comprise the distribution of liquor products to independent retail outlets and hotels and the operation of company-
                                  operated stores.
                                − Hardware activities comprise the distribution of hardware products to independent retail outlets and the operation of company-
                                  operated and joint venture retail stores.
                                The Group operates predominantly in Australia. The Group has operations in New Zealand that represent less than 5% of revenue,
                                results and assets of the Group. The Group does not have a single customer which represents greater than 10% of the Group’s revenue.
                                Sales between segments are based on similar terms and conditions to those in place with third party customers and are eliminated from
                                the results below.

                                Segment results

                                                                               Segment revenue                    Segment EBITDA (a)             Segment EBIT (b)
                                                                                   FY26              FY25               FY26           FY25          FY26             FY25
                                                                                    $m                $m                 $m             $m            $m               $m
                                Food                                             9,227.2           9,341.2             374.8           345.5        261.8             248.4
                                Liquor                                           5,358.3           5,306.1             124.3           123.5        100.1             104.1
63                              Hardware                                         2,768.5           2,675.7             288.6           295.6        177.3             189.3
                                Segment total                                  17,354.0          17,323.0              787.7           764.6        539.2             541.8




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Corporate                                                                              (26.0)          (16.8)       (35.5)            (34.0)
                                Group total                                                                            761.7           747.8        503.7             507.8
                                Finance costs, net (Note 3.3)                                                                                      (123.7)          (122.4)
                                Significant items (Note 3.3)                                                                                           5.0                0.4
                                Profit before income tax                                                                                            385.0             385.8
                                (a)    Underlying earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (‘EBITDA’)
                                (b)    Underlying earnings before interest and tax (‘EBIT’)

                                3.2. Sales revenue

                                Sale of goods
                                The Group’s revenue principally arises from the sale of goods within its wholesale distribution and retail operations. Sales revenue is
                                recognised when the Group has delivered goods to its customers, and it is probable that consideration will be collected in exchange.
                                Revenue is measured based on the consideration expected to be received, net of trade rebates.

                                Charge-through sales
                                The Group operates a charge-through platform whereby goods are delivered directly to the Group’s customers by suppliers. The Group
                                retains the credit risk associated with these transactions; however, the Group does not bear any material inventory risk or exercise any
                                material discretion in establishing prices. Charge-through transactions are therefore reported on an agency or net ‘commission’ basis
                                with the gross sale value included in trade receivables and the gross purchase cost included in trade payables. Gross charge-through
                                sales to customers during the year were $2.274 billion (FY25: $2.166 billion).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


3.3. Other income and expenses
                                                                                                                 FY26                 FY25
                                                                                                                  $m                   $m

(i) Other income
Lease income – rent                                                                                                9.9                     5.3
Lease income – outgoings recoveries                                                                               15.7                 15.1
Net gain from disposal of plant and equipment                                                                      1.4                     —
Other, net                                                                                                          —                      8.3
                                                                                                                  27.0                 28.7

(ii) Employee benefit expenses
Salaries and wages, incentives, and on-costs                                                                  1,129.7               1,068.4
Superannuation expense                                                                                          100.1                  90.3
Share-based payments expense                                                                                       3.0                     3.1
                                                                                                              1,232.8              1,161.8

(iii) Depreciation and amortisation
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                             154.1                145.9
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                     69.9                 62.6
Amortisation of software                                                                                          26.2                 24.2
Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                            7.8                     7.3
                                                                                                                258.0                240.0

(iv) Lease expenses
Property rent                                                                                                      9.2                     7.6
Property outgoings                                                                                                91.2                 77.7
Equipment and other leases                                                                                         9.2                 13.2      64
                                                                                                                109.6                  98.5




                                                                                                                                                 Metcash Financial Report 2026
(v) Impairment expenses, net of reversals
Trade receivables and loans                                                                                        3.3                     5.5
Inventories                                                                                                       24.4                 32.3
Property provisions                                                                                              (2.9)                 (1.0)
Other impairments (net)                                                                                            3.9                     5.6
                                                                                                                  28.7                 42.4

(vi) Finance costs, net
Interest expense                                                                                                  55.7                 59.0
Transaction fees in relation to customer charge cards (Note 4.1)                                                  11.3                 13.8
Deferred borrowing costs                                                                                           2.3                     2.3
Finance component of lease payments, net                                                                          55.1                 51.2
Finance costs from discounting of liabilities                                                                      1.3                     0.5
Interest income                                                                                                  (2.0)                 (4.4)
                                                                                                                123.7                122.4


  Material accounting policies
  Finance costs
  Finance costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial
  period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. All other finance costs are
  expensed in the period they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the
  borrowing of funds.
  Certain provisions are measured at their discounted value. During each period the provision is increased by an amount that is equal
  to the provision multiplied by the discount rate. This increment, including any change in the value of the provision as a result of a
  change in discount rate, is treated as a finance cost.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                                                                                                                                FY26                 FY25
                                                                                                                                                 $m                   $m

                                (vii) Significant items
                                Program Horizon implementation costs                                                                              17.6                 13.3
                                Put option valuation and business acquisition valuation adjustments (net)                                       (22.8)               (10.1)
                                Mega Distribution Centre transition costs                                                                          0.2                 11.4
                                Other gains                                                                                                         —                (15.0)
                                Total significant items before tax                                                                                (5.0)                (0.4)
                                Income tax benefit attributable to significant items                                                              (5.3)                (7.4)
                                Total significant items after tax                                                                               (10.3)                 (7.8)

                                Program Horizon implementation costs
                                Program Horizon is a critical group technical infrastructure consolidation and replacement program aimed at repositioning Metcash to be
                                a modern, technology-led wholesaler. The program provides the platform to drive simplification and efficiency across the Food and Liquor
                                pillars, as well as making it easier for customers and suppliers to do business with Metcash. The program continues to make steady
                                progress, most recently delivering a streamlined all-in-one payables solution and a successful legal entity rationalisation release. The
                                program is expected to be completed in FY27.
                                In FY26, the Group incurred $17.6 million (FY25: $13.3 million) of expenses on the program. The program expenses included resource
                                costs, accelerated amortisation and write off of redundant software assets and incremental software licence and maintenance costs. These
                                costs are separately disclosed within significant items in the Statement of Comprehensive Income to enable a better understanding of the
                                Group’s results.
                                The cumulative Program Horizon costs, as at FY26, are $286.7 million (comprising $161.3 million of capital expenditure and $125.4 million
                                of expenses).

                                Put option valuation and business acquisition valuation adjustments
65                              The carrying amounts of the Group’s put option liabilities at balance date were remeasured to reflect the estimated put option exercise
                                prices, with a credit relating to the reduction in put option value of $23.3 million (FY25: reduction in put option value of $9.7 million)
                                recorded as a significant item within the Statement of Comprehensive Income, together with an expense relating to the net present value




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                interest unwind on the put option liabilities of $4.4 million (FY25: $4.9 million).
                                During FY26, Metcash has acquired an additional ownership interest in four Total Tools joint venture (JV) stores and two Hardware JVs
                                resulting in a loss on step-acquisition of $0.6 million.
                                The Group incurred transaction costs of $0.6 million (FY25: $1.0 million) in relation to business acquisitions, as detailed in Note 6.1. The
                                Group also recognised a gain on remeasurement of deferred purchase consideration in relation to previous business combinations of $5.1
                                million.

                                Mega Distribution Centre (DC) transition costs
                                The Group continues to invest in its Mega DC’s capacity, capabilities, footprint and supply chain systems to support current and future
                                business opportunities. During the year, the Group incurred $0.2 million (FY25: $11.4 million) of costs associated with the Canning Vale
                                DC expansion.

                                Other Gains
                                During FY25, Metcash recognised a $15.0 million gain arising from the reversal of a previously impaired loan to an associate (Dramet
                                Holdings Pty Ltd). No such gains were recorded in FY26.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


3.4. Income Taxes
                                                                                                              FY26                    FY25
                                                                                                               $m                      $m
Major components of income tax expense
Current income tax charge                                                                                    105.7                    104.8
Adjustments in respect of income tax of previous years                                                        (4.3)                     0.3
Deferred income tax relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences                               2.8                    (2.7)
Total income tax expense                                                                                     104.2                    102.4
Reconciliation of income tax expense
Profit before income tax                                                                                     385.0                    385.8
At the Group’s statutory income tax rate of 30% (FY25: 30%)                                                  115.5                    115.7
Expenditure not allowable for income tax purposes                                                               3.3                     2.3
Other amounts not assessable for income tax purposes                                                         (10.1)                   (13.9)
Other amounts allowable for income tax purposes                                                               (0.2)                    (2.0)
Adjustments in respect of income tax of previous years                                                        (4.3)                     0.3
Income tax expense                                                                                           104.2                    102.4
Components of net deferred tax assets
Provisions                                                                                                   106.2                    111.4
Leases                                                                                                        60.2                     57.0
Accelerated depreciation for accounting purposes                                                                3.6                     7.0
Other                                                                                                         19.3                     18.2
Intangible assets                                                                                            (60.9)                   (63.2)
                                                                                                             128.4                    130.4
Movements in net deferred tax assets                                                                                                           66
Opening balance                                                                                              130.4                    152.4
(Charged)/credited to net profit for the year                                                                 (2.8)                     2.6




                                                                                                                                               Metcash Financial Report 2026
Charged to other comprehensive income                                                                           —                       0.8
Movements related to business combinations                                                                      0.8                   (25.4)
Closing balance                                                                                              128.4                    130.4

Tax consolidation
Metcash Limited and its 100% owned Australian resident subsidiaries formed a tax consolidated group with effect from 1 July 2005.
Metcash Limited is the head entity of the tax consolidated group. Members of the group have entered into a tax sharing arrangement in
order to allocate income tax expense to the wholly owned subsidiaries on a modified standalone basis. In addition, the agreement
provides for the allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the head entity default on its tax payment obligations.

Tax effect accounting by members of the tax consolidated group
Members of the tax consolidated group have entered into a tax funding agreement. The tax funding agreement provides for the
allocation of current taxes to members of the tax consolidated group in accordance with a group allocation method using modified
standalone tax calculations as the basis for allocation. Deferred taxes of members of the tax consolidated group are measured and
recognised in accordance with the principles of AASB 112 Income Taxes.
Under the tax funding agreement, funding is based upon the amounts allocated and recognised by the member entities. Accordingly,
funding results in an increase/decrease in the subsidiaries’ intercompany accounts with the tax consolidated group head entity, Metcash
Limited.

OECD Pillar Two model rules
Pillar Two legislation has been enacted in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates and is effective in Australia for the Group’s
financial year beginning 1 May 2024. The Group is in scope of the substantively enacted legislation. The Group has performed an
assessment as to the potential Pillar Two tax liability. Based on this assessment, there is no material impact of Pillar Two on the Current
Tax Expense of the Group for the year ended 30 April 2026.
The Group has applied the AASB 2023-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model
Rules to AASB 112 Income Taxes which provides a mandatory temporary exception to accounting for deferred taxes arising from the
implementation of Pillar Two.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026



                                  Material accounting policies
                                  Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or
                                  paid to the taxation authority. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively
                                  enacted by the relevant reporting date.
                                  Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward unused tax assets and unused tax losses,
                                  to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the
                                  carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses can be utilised:
                                  –      except where the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition
                                         of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                                         accounting nor taxable profit or loss; and
                                  –      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint
                                         ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in
                                         the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
                                  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
                                  that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.
                                  The Group has applied a temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax accounting for the impacts of the top-up tax and accounts
                                  for it as a current tax when it is incurred. For the year ended 30 April 2026, the Group has applied the AASB 2023-2 Amendments to
                                  Australian Accounting Standards – International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules to AASB 112 Income Taxes which provides a
                                  mandatory temporary exception to accounting for deferred taxes arising from the implementation of Pillar Two.


                                3.5. Earnings per share
                                The following reflects the earnings data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) computations:

                                                                                                                                                  FY26                    FY25
                                                                                                                                                   $m                      $m
                                Earnings used in calculating basic and diluted EPS
                                Net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of Metcash Limited                                             279.1                   283.3

67                              The following reflects the share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations:

                                                                                                                                                 FY26                    FY25
                                                                                                                                               Number                  Number




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic EPS                                1,099,030,809           1,095,873,218
                                Effect of dilutive securities                                                                                5,116,278               3,769,112
                                Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted EPS                              1,104,147,087           1,099,642,330

                                At the reporting date, 8,026,121 performance rights (contingently issuable shares) (FY25: 6,233,192) were outstanding, of which
                                2,909,843 (FY25: 2,464,080) were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS. Refer to Note 7.1 for more details about performance
                                rights.



                                 Material accounting policies
                                 Basic earnings per share is calculated as net profit attributable to members of the parent, adjusted to exclude any costs of servicing
                                 equity divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares, adjusted for any bonus element.
                                 Diluted earnings per share are calculated as net profit attributable to members of the parent, adjusted for:
                                 –    costs of servicing equity (other than dividends);
                                 –    the after-tax effect of dividends and interest associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares that have been recognised as
                                      expenses; and
                                 –    other non-discretionary changes in revenues or expenses during the period that would result from the dilution of potential
                                      ordinary shares, divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares, adjusted for
                                      any bonus element. Contingently issuable ordinary shares are included in the diluted weighted average number of shares only
                                      if the relevant condition of the issue is satisfied at the end of the reporting period.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


4.    Assets and liabilities
4.1. Trade and other receivables and customer loans
                                                                                                                                FY26                         FY25
                                                                                                                                 $m                           $m
Current
Trade receivables                                                                                                            1,659.3                   1,639.5
Allowance for impairment loss                                                                                                  (41.1)                       (45.5)
Trade receivables                                                                                                            1,618.2                   1,594.0
Customer charge cards agreement (a)                                                                                            243.6                        261.3
Other receivables and prepayments                                                                                              273.8                        240.7
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                  2,135.6                   2,096.0
Customer loans                                                                                                                    3.3                          3.8
Allowance for impairment loss                                                                                                      —                         (0.2)
Customer loans                                                                                                                    3.3                         3.6
Total trade and other receivables and customer loans – current                                                               2,138.9                   2,099.6
Non-current
Customer loans                                                                                                                    5.6                          9.1
Allowance for impairment loss                                                                                                      —                           —
Total customer loans – non-current                                                                                                5.6                         9.1

a)   Amounts receivable under the customer charge card agreements are fully offset by a corresponding amount included in trade and other payables and are
     described below.

Movements in allowance for impairment loss
                                                                                                                                FY26                        FY25
                                                                                                                                 $m                          $m      68
Opening balance                                                                                                                 45.7                         49.2




                                                                                                                                                                     Metcash Financial Report 2026
Charged as an expense during the year                                                                                             3.3                         5.5
Accounts written off as non-recoverable                                                                                         (7.9)                       (11.6)
Additions through business combinations                                                                                            —                          2.6
Closing balance                                                                                                                 41.1                         45.7

Weighted average interest
Trade and other receivables are non-interest-bearing and repayment terms vary by pillar. As at 30 April 2026, $1.3 million (FY25: $11.0
million) of customer loans are non-interest-bearing and $7.6 million (FY25: $1.9 million) of customer loans have a weighted average
annual interest rate of 6.6% (FY25: 6.5%).

Maturity of trade receivables
At 30 April 2026, 96.9% (FY25: 96.6%) of trade receivables are either due or required to be settled within 30 days, 1.4% (FY25: 1.1%)
have terms extending from 30 to 60 days and 1.7% (FY25: 2.3%) have terms greater than 60 days.

Customer charge cards agreement
Under an agreement between Metcash and American Express (Amex), eligible retail customers make trade purchases from Metcash
using their Amex customer charge cards. Metcash’s trade receivable is settled in full by Amex. Amex subsequently collects the amounts
outstanding on the customer charge cards directly from the retailers.
Under the agreement, in the event a customer defaults on their payment obligation to Amex, Metcash must reacquire the trade
receivable from Amex. The maximum amount payable by Metcash to Amex is limited to the actual face value of the outstanding trade
receivable and does not include any interest or any other costs incurred by Amex. Once reacquired, Metcash would seek to collect the
trade receivable from the retail customer through its normal credit processes.
The agreement was renewed during FY26 and operates on an evergreen basis until either Metcash or Amex provides a 12-month notice
of cancellation. The earliest date on which the agreement could be cancelled is 30 June 2028.
The customer charge cards agreement is presented as part of current trade and other receivables and a matching current liability of
$243.6 million (FY25: $261.3 million) is included within trade and other payables, with no impact to the Group’s net asset position.

Customer loan security
The Group has access to security against most customer loans in the event of default. Security held may include bank and personal
guarantees, fixed and floating charges and security over property and other assets. Due to the large number and the varied nature of
security held, their fair value cannot be practicably estimated. The fair value of the security against a loan is determined when the loan is
not deemed to be recoverable and an allowance for impairment loss is raised to cover any deficit in recoverability.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                Ageing of trade receivables and loans, net

                                                                                                                                                                  Other receivables
                                                                                                 Trade receivables (a)                 Customer loans             and prepayments
                                Days overdue                                                              $m                 %              $m               %         $m             %
                                At 30 April 2026
                                Neither past due nor impaired                                        1,666.1            89.5%               8.7           97.8%      273.8       100.0%
                                Less than 30 days                                                      170.1             9.1%                 —              —          —             —
                                Between 30 and 60 days                                                  22.1             1.2%                 —              —          —             —
                                Between 60 and 90 days                                                    3.5            0.2%                 —              —          —             —
                                Between 90 and 120 days                                                    —                —                 —              —          —             —
                                More than 120 days                                                         —                —               0.2            2.2%         —             —
                                Total                                                               1,861.8           100.0%                8.9          100.0%      273.8       100.0%
                                At 30 April 2025
                                Neither past due nor impaired                                        1,692.6            91.2%              12.5           98.4%      240.7       100.0%
                                Less than 30 days                                                      139.8             7.5%                 —              —          —             —
                                Between 30 and 60 days                                                  14.2             0.8%                 —              —          —             —
                                Between 60 and 90 days                                                    7.2            0.4%                 —              —          —             —
                                Between 90 and 120 days                                                   1.5            0.1%               0.2            1.6%         —             —
                                More than 120 days                                                         —                —                 —              —          —             —
                                Total                                                               1,855.3           100.0%               12.7          100.0%      240.7       100.0%

                                a)      The ageing profile of trade receivables includes amounts receivable under the customer charge cards agreement.



69                                   Material accounting policies
                                     Trade receivables
                                     Trade receivables are measured at the transaction price determined under the ‘Sales Revenue’ material accounting policy




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                     (Note 3.2).
                                     Allowance for impairment loss
                                     The Group recognises an allowance for impairment loss based on expected credit losses (ECL) for its trade and other receivables.
                                     The Group has established a provision rate matrix, under the simplified approach in calculating ECL, that is based on its historical
                                     credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to a group of debtors and the economic environment.



                                     Significant accounting estimates
                                     Allowance for impairment loss
                                     The Group uses a provision rate matrix to calculate ECLs for receivables. The provision rates are initially based on the Group’s
                                     historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-
                                     looking information (e.g., any known changes in market conditions with reference to the most recent gross domestic product data).
                                     At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are
                                     analysed.
                                     The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant
                                     estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical
                                     credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


4.2. Right-of-use assets, lease receivables and lease liabilities
                                                                       Right-of-use assets (a)
                                                                                    Motor                               Lease
                                                               Leasehold      vehicles and                        receivables           Lease
                                                               properties      equipment                 Total          (b)(c)      liabilities
                                                                     $m                $m                  $m             $m                $m
Year ended 30 April 2026
Opening balance                                                      737.1            64.2               801.3          212.3       (1,228.6)
New and modified leases                                               54.3            31.3                85.6                —         (85.6)
Additions through business combinations                               15.1              —                 15.1                —         (15.1)
Leases exited                                                         (4.3)           (1.2)               (5.5)             (9.2)        16.0
Lease remeasurements                                                  58.4             1.5                59.9              28.0        (88.1)
Depreciation                                                       (135.6)          (18.5)             (154.1)                —             —
Reclassifications                                                      0.8              —                  0.8              (0.8)           —
Impairments, net                                                      (2.6)             —                 (2.6)              4.9            —
Cash (receipts)/payments                                                —               —                   —           (49.8)          249.8
Financing component of lease receipts/(payments)                        —               —                   —               10.5        (65.6)
Closing balance                                                     723.2             77.3               800.5          195.9       (1,217.2)
Current                                                                 —               —                   —               36.7      (183.8)
Non-current                                                          723.2            77.3               800.5          159.2       (1,033.4)
Year ended 30 April 2025
Opening balance                                                      619.9            26.4               646.3          222.3       (1,061.8)
New and modified leases                                              179.3            36.3               215.6               5.1      (227.1)
Additions through business combinations                               53.5             6.1                59.6                —         (59.6)
Leases exited                                                         (1.7)           (0.2)               (1.9)             (0.8)          2.8
                                                                                                                                                  70
Lease remeasurements                                                  22.7            10.9                33.6              15.8        (48.9)
Depreciation                                                       (130.6)          (15.3)             (145.9)                —             —




                                                                                                                                                  Metcash Financial Report 2026
Reclassifications                                                     (6.0)             —                 (6.0)              6.0            —
Impairments, net                                                        —               —                   —                5.0            —
Cash (receipts)/payments                                                —               —                   —           (51.6)          227.7
Financing component of lease receipts/(payments)                        —               —                   —               10.5        (61.7)
Closing balance                                                     737.1             64.2               801.3          212.3       (1,228.6)
Current                                                                 —               —                   —               39.4      (167.5)
Non-current                                                          737.1            64.2               801.3          172.9       (1,061.1)

(a) The cost and accumulated depreciation and impairment of the right-of-use assets are presented below:

                                                                                                      Right-of-use assets
                                                                                      Leasehold          Motor vehicles and
                                                                                      properties                equipment                Total
                                                                                            $m                          $m                 $m
Cost                                                                                     1,485.5                       180.3           1,665.8
Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                  (762.3)                     (103.0)            (865.3)
As at 30 April 2026                                                                           723.2                     77.3             800.5
Cost                                                                                     1,361.2                       148.7           1,509.9
Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                  (624.1)                      (84.5)            (708.6)
As at 30 April 2025                                                                           737.1                     64.2             801.3

(b) As at 30 April 2026, lease receivables include a gross carrying amount of $206.7 million (FY25: $228.0 million) and allowance for
    impairment losses of $10.8 million (FY25: $15.7 million).
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                (c) The future minimum rentals receivable under non-cancellable finance leases are as follows:

                                                                                                                                              FY26                  FY25
                                                                                                                                               $m                    $m
                                Within one year                                                                                               46.6                  49.6
                                After one year but not more than five years                                                                  137.3                 146.8
                                More than five years                                                                                          63.6                  73.3
                                                                                                                                             247.5                 269.7
                                Unearned finance income                                                                                      (40.8)                (41.7)
                                Impairment of receivables                                                                                    (10.8)                (15.7)
                                                                                                                                             195.9                 212.3

                                (d) The future minimum rentals receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                                                              FY26                  FY25
                                                                                                                                               $m                    $m
                                Within one year                                                                                                4.0                   4.2
                                After one year but not more than five years                                                                    8.1                  10.2
                                More than five years                                                                                           1.9                   3.4
                                                                                                                                              14.0                  17.8

                                (e) Lease cash receipts and payments are presented in the following lines of the statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                                                              FY26                  FY25
                                                                                                                                               $m                    $m
71                              Receipts from subleases, excluding the financing component                                                    39.3                  41.1
                                Payment for lease liabilities, excluding the financing component                                            (184.2)               (166.0)
                                Financing component of lease payments, net                                                                   (55.1)                (51.2)




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Net cash payments                                                                                           (200.0)               (176.1)

                                (f) In FY26, the Group recognised rent expense of $18.4 million (FY25: $20.8 million) from short-term leases and variable lease
                                    payments.
                                (g) Extension options are included in a number of lease contracts across the Group. These options are negotiated by management to
                                    provide flexibility in managing the leased-asset portfolio and align with the Group’s business needs. The extension options are
                                    exercisable only by the Group and not by the lessors. The present value of lease payments to be made under these options that are
                                    considered reasonably certain to be exercised have been included in the lease liability balance at 30 April 2026. The undiscounted
                                    potential future payments at current rental rates under options that are not considered reasonably certain to be exercised is
                                    approximately $2.4 billion, which includes potential lease payments within the next five years of approximately $243.0 million.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026




  Material accounting policies
  Group as a lessee
  Right-of-use assets
  The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement of a lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use).
  The initial measurement of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and
  lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are subsequently
  measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
  Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the right-of-use assets
  are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term. Right-of-use assets are
  subject to impairment assessments under AASB 136 Impairment of Assets.
  Depreciation
  Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis on all right-of-use assets. Major depreciation periods are:
                                               FY26                FY25
  Leasehold properties                      1-30 years          1-30 years
  Motor vehicles and equipment              4-5 years           4-5 years

  Useful lives are reassessed on an annual basis and adjustments, where applicable, are made on a prospective basis.
  Lease liabilities
  At the commencement of a lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made
  over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
  receivable and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include renewal periods
  where the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the renewal option. Outgoings and other variable lease payments that do not
  depend on an index or a rate are recognised as incurred.
  In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date
  if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is
  increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease
  liabilities is remeasured if there is a change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease payments or a change in the        72
  assessment to purchase the underlying asset.
  Group as a lessor




                                                                                                                                                Metcash Financial Report 2026
  Lease receivables
  The Group enters into back-to-back lease agreements with independent retailers where the terms of the lease transfer substantially
  all the risks and rewards of ownership to the sublessee and these are classified as a finance lease.
  Amounts due from finance leases are recognised as lease receivables at the amount of the Group’s net investment in the lease.
  Lease receivables are subsequently remeasured if there is a change in the lease term and for changes in future cash flows resulting
  from a change in an index or rate or variable lease payments becoming fixed. Finance lease income is allocated to reporting periods
  so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
  All other leases are classified as operating leases. Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the
  term of the relevant lease.
  Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
  The Group applies a recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and
  do not contain a purchase option. It also applies a recognition exemption to leases that are considered of low value. Lease payments
  and rental income from short-term and low-value leases are recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.



  Significant accounting judgement
  Determination of lease term of contracts with renewal options
  The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to
  extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is
  reasonably certain not to be exercised.
  After initial recognition, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within
  its control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew.



4.3. Inventories
                                                                                                                     FY26                FY25
                                                                                                                      $m                  $m
Inventories                                                                                                        1,514.8            1,542.8
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026



                                  Material accounting policies
                                  Inventory cost is measured at purchase price, net of supplier rebates and discounts received, and including costs incurred in bringing
                                  the inventory to its present location and condition. Inventory includes supplier rebates, which is systematically allocated against
                                  inventory cost using estimates based on sales patterns.
                                  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
                                  course of business, net of estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


                                4.4. Equity-accounted investments
                                The following table presents key information about the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures.

                                                                                                                                                                               FY26              FY25
                                Investee                                                                      Principal activities          Reporting date                        %                 %
                                Associates
                                Ritchies Stores Proprietary Limited                                         Grocery retailing                    30 June                        29.9              29.9
                                Dramet Holdings Pty Ltd1                                                    Grocery retailing                    30 June                            -                   -
                                Metcash Export Services Pty Ltd                                             Grocery retailing                    30 April                       15.0              15.0
                                Joint ventures
                                Adcome Pty Ltd (Cornetts)                                                   Grocery retailing                    30 April                       45.0              45.0
                                BMS Retail Group Holdings Pty Ltd                                           Grocery retailing                    30 June                        49.0              49.0
                                Waltock Pty Ltd                                                             Hardware retailing                   30 June                        49.0              49.0
                                LA United Pty Limited2                                                      Liquor wholesaling                   30 June                        75.3              75.3
                                Liquor Alliance Proprietary Limited2                                        Liquor wholesaling                   30 June                        66.7              66.7
                                1. During FY25, Metcash completed the sale of its 26% joint venture ownership interest in Dramet Holdings Pty Ltd for net sale proceeds of $3.2 million and loan
                                   repayment of $15.0 million (total cash received $18.2 million). Metcash previously held a 26% ownership interest in Dramet Holdings and Drakes Supermarkets
                                   held the remaining 74% ownership interest.
                                2. The Group has a direct ownership of 26.0% in LA United Pty Ltd and an indirect ownership of 49.3% via its interest in Liquor Alliance Pty Ltd. While the Group has
73                                 beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the entity, key operating and financial decisions require the unanimous consent of other joint venture partners.
                                   Accordingly, LA United Pty Ltd and Liquor Alliance Pty Ltd are accounted for as joint arrangements.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                The principal place of business for all of the Group’s equity-accounted investments is Australia, with the exception of Metcash Export
                                Services Pty Ltd, which primarily deals with customers in China.
                                Share of investees’ financial information
                                The table below provides summarised financial information for Ritchies Stores Proprietary Limited (Ritchies), being an associate that is
                                material to the Group. The Group has a 29.9% ownership interest in Ritchies (FY25: 29.9%).
                                Summarised Balance Sheet
                                Ritchies’ financial year end date is 30 June. The summarised balance sheet information disclosed below represents the amounts
                                presented in the statutory financial statements of Ritchies at 30 June 2025, adjusted to include significant transactions over the following
                                10 months between that date and 30 April 2026. The table also reconciles the summarised financial information to the carrying amounts
                                of the Group's interest in Ritchies.

                                                                                                                                                                   FY26                          FY25
                                                                                                                                                                    $m                            $m
                                Current assets                                                                                                                    136.0                         148.9
                                Non-current assets                                                                                                                540.7                         547.0
                                Total assets                                                                                                                      676.7                         695.9
                                Current liabilities                                                                                                             (213.8)                       (218.5)
                                Non-current liabilities                                                                                                         (234.9)                       (257.6)
                                Total liabilities                                                                                                               (448.7)                       (476.1)
                                Net assets                                                                                                                        228.0                         219.8
                                Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in the investment                                                                     68.2                          65.7
                                Equity method notional goodwill                                                                                                    29.7                          29.7
                                Carrying amount of the Group’s investment                                                                                          97.9                          95.4
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


Summarised Statement of Comprehensive Income
The summarised financial information below reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of Ritchies.


                                                                                                                                        FY26                    FY25
                                                                                                                                         $m                      $m
Revenue                                                                                                                              1,379.7              1,393.5
Profit before income tax                                                                                                                30.0                    42.7
Income tax expense                                                                                                                      (9.0)               (12.9)
Net profit for the year                                                                                                                 21.0                    29.8
Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax                                                                                              —                      —
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                                 21.0                    29.8
Group’s share of profit for the year                                                                                                      6.3                    8.9

Dividends received by the Group                                                                                                           3.8                    4.1


Aggregate information of equity accounted investments that are not individually material

                                                                                                                                        FY26                    FY25
                                                                                                                                         $m                      $m
Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates and joint ventures                                                      54.0                    50.7

Aggregate amounts of the Group's share of:
–      Profit after tax                                                                                                                   4.9                    6.6
–      Other comprehensive income                                                                                                          —                      —
Net gain on sale of shares in Equity Accounted Investments1                                                                                —                     3.2
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                4.9                    9.8
                                                                                                                                                                       74
1. During FY25, Metcash sold its 26% joint venture ownership interest in Dramet Holdings Pty Ltd to Drakes Supermarkets Pty Ltd for net sale proceeds of $3.2
   million. Metcash previously held a 26% ownership interest in Dramet Holdings and Drakes Supermarkets held the remaining 74% ownership interest.




                                                                                                                                                                       Metcash Financial Report 2026
Unrecognised share of gains or losses of equity accounted investments
At the reporting date, the Group’s share of unrecognised gains or losses is not material.
Refer to Note 7.3 for details of the Group’s contingent liabilities in relation to equity-accounted investments.

    Material accounting policies
    Equity-accounted investments of the Group represent both associates and joint ventures and are structured through equity
    participation in separate legal entities. Metcash invests capital to support the independent retail network, strengthen relationships
    and fund growth. Relationships with co-investors are governed by contractual agreements which allow the Group to exercise either
    significant influence or joint control over these entities. Where the Group exercises joint control, key operating decisions are agreed
    unanimously, regardless of ownership interest.
    The Group’s investments in joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method. Associates are those entities
    over which the Group exercises significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint
    venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of the joint venture.
    Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant
    activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
    Equity-accounted investments are carried in the statement of financial position at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Group’s
    share of net assets of the investee, less any impairment in value.
    For those associates and joint ventures with non-coterminous year ends, management accounts for the relevant period to the
    Group’s reporting date have been equity-accounted. In the opinion of the Directors, the expense of providing additional
    coterminous statutory accounts, together with consequential delay in producing the Group’s financial statements, would outweigh
    any benefit to shareholders.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026



                                 Significant accounting estimates
                                 Impairment of equity-accounted investments
                                 After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an impairment loss on its
                                 investment in its associate or joint venture. At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that
                                 the investment in the associate or joint venture is impaired. If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of impairment
                                 as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate or joint venture and its carrying value.
                                 In assessing the recoverable amount, assumptions are made about the growth prospects of the investment and in determining the
                                 discount rate used to calculate the net present value of future cash flows when a discounted cash flow model is used.
                                 An impairment loss recognised in prior periods is reversed if there has been a change in estimates used to determine the equity-
                                 accounted investments recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If this is the case, the carrying amount of
                                 the investment is increased to its recoverable amount, with the increase being recognised as a reversal of an impairment loss in the
                                 Statement of Comprehensive Income.

                                4.5. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                Land &                  Plant &
                                                                                                              buildings              equipment                     Total
                                                                                                                    $m                      $m                       $m
                                Year ended 30 April 2026
                                Opening balance                                                                    31.2                    366.2                   397.4
                                Additions                                                                           0.3                     97.6                    97.9
                                Additions through business combinations                                              —                       3.5                     3.5
                                Disposals                                                                            —                      (0.1)                   (0.1)
                                Impairments                                                                          —                      (0.5)                   (0.5)
                                Reclassifications                                                                    —                       4.1                     4.1
                                Depreciation                                                                       (0.3)                  (69.6)                  (69.9)
                                Closing balance                                                                    31.2                   401.2                    432.4
75                              At 30 April 2026
                                Cost                                                                               41.0                    885.0                   926.0
                                Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                            (9.8)                 (483.8)                 (493.6)




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Net carrying amount                                                                31.2                   401.2                    432.4
                                Year ended 30 April 2025
                                Opening balance                                                                    33.5                    306.6                   340.1
                                Additions                                                                            —                      95.3                    95.3
                                Additions through business combinations                                              —                      27.9                    27.9
                                Adjustments to business combinations                                                 —                       1.2                     1.2
                                Disposals                                                                            —                      (1.7)                   (1.7)
                                Impairments                                                                          —                      (1.5)                   (1.5)
                                Reclassifications                                                                  (1.8)                     1.5                    (0.3)
                                Depreciation                                                                       (0.5)                  (63.1)                  (63.6)
                                Closing balance                                                                    31.2                   366.2                    397.4
                                At 30 April 2025
                                Cost                                                                               40.6                    780.0                   820.6
                                Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                            (9.4)                 (413.8)                 (423.2)
                                Net carrying amount                                                                31.2                   366.2                    397.4

                                Additions to plant and equipment include $53.6 million (FY25: $62.1 million) of assets under construction. The closing balance of plant
                                and equipment includes $27.2 million (FY25: $18.8 million) of assets under construction.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026



  Material accounting policies
  Recognition and measurement
  All classes of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
  losses.
  Depreciation
  Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis on all property, plant and equipment, other than freehold land and assets under
  construction. Major depreciation periods are:
                                                 FY26             FY25
  Freehold buildings                      25-40 years      25-40 years
  Plant and equipment                      2-20 years       2-20 years
  Derecognition
  An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise
  from the continued use of the asset.
  Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
  carrying amount of the item) is included in the statement of comprehensive income in the period the item is derecognised.


4.6. Intangible assets
                                                             Software
                                                          development         Customer      Trade names
                                                                 costs        contracts        and other       Goodwill               Total
                                                                     $m              $m              $m              $m                $m
Year ended 30 April 2026
Opening balance                                                   204.6             67.6           138.7         1,041.5        1,452.4
Additions                                                           77.3              —               —                —              77.3
Additions through business combinations                               —               —               —             55.1              55.1
                                                                                                                                              76
Impairments                                                         (0.2)             —               —                —              (0.2)
Reclassifications                                                   (4.1)             —               —                —              (4.1)




                                                                                                                                              Metcash Financial Report 2026
Amortisation                                                      (26.2)            (7.7)           (0.1)              —          (34.0)
Closing balance                                                   251.4             59.9           138.6         1,096.6        1,546.5
At 30 April 2026
Cost                                                              553.4            224.7           142.6         2,079.0        2,999.7
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                          (302.0)         (164.8)            (4.0)         (982.4)      (1,453.2)
Net carrying amount                                               251.4             59.9           138.6         1,096.6        1,546.5
Year ended 30 April 2025
Opening balance                                                   177.4             26.3            86.6           771.2        1,061.5
Additions                                                           58.6              —               —                —              58.6
Additions through business combinations                              1.3            48.6            56.5           267.1          373.5
Adjustments to business combinations                                  —               —             (4.4)             3.2             (1.2)
Disposals                                                           (0.5)             —               —                —              (0.5)
Impairments                                                         (7.5)             —               —                —              (7.5)
Reclassifications                                                    0.3              —               —                —                0.3
Amortisation                                                      (25.0)            (7.3)             —                —          (32.3)
Closing balance                                                   204.6             67.6           138.7         1,041.5        1,452.4
At 30 April 2025
Cost                                                              480.2            224.7           142.6         2,023.9        2,871.4
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                          (275.6)         (157.1)            (3.9)         (982.4)      (1,419.0)
Net carrying amount                                               204.6             67.6           138.7         1,041.5        1,452.4
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026



                                 Material accounting policies
                                 Recognition and measurement
                                 Intangible assets acquired separately or in a business combination are initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, the
                                 cost model is applied to the class of intangible assets.
                                 Intangible assets (excluding software development costs) created within the business are not capitalised and expenditure is charged
                                 against profits in the period in which the expenditure is incurred.
                                 Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially measured at cost; being the excess of the cost of the business combination
                                 over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities.
                                 Trade names are acquired either through business combinations or through direct acquisition. Trade names are recognised as
                                 intangible assets where a registered trademark is acquired with attributable value. Trade names are valued on a relief from royalty
                                 method. Trade names are considered to be indefinite life intangibles and are not amortised, unless there is an intention to
                                 discontinue use of the name in which case it is amortised over its estimated remaining useful life.
                                 Customer contracts are acquired through business combinations. Customer contacts are recognised as intangible assets when the
                                 criteria specified in AASB 138 Intangible Assets have been met. Customer contracts are valued by applying a discounted cash flow
                                 valuation methodology with consideration given to customer retention and projected future cash flows to the end of the contract
                                 period. The amortisation has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.
                                 Software development costs incurred on an individual project are capitalised at cost when future recoverability can reasonably be
                                 assured and where the Group has an intention and ability to use the asset. Following the initial recognition of software development
                                 costs, the asset is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Any costs carried forward
                                 are amortised over the assets’ useful economic lives.
                                 Configuration and customisation costs incurred in implementing cloud-based arrangements are only capitalised if the
                                 implementation activities create an intangible asset that the Group controls in accordance with the requirements of AASB 138
                                 Intangible Assets. Costs that do not result in intangible assets are expensed as incurred. The exception is where they are paid to the
                                 suppliers of the cloud-based arrangement to significantly customise the cloud-based software for the Group. In this case, the costs
                                 are recorded as a prepayment for services and amortised over the expected renewable term of the arrangement.
                                 Derecognition
                                 Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds
                                 and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income when the asset is derecognised.
                                 When goodwill forms part of a group of cash generating units and an operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill
77                               associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on
                                 disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the operation
                                 disposed of and the portion of the groups of cash-generating units retained.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                 Useful lives
                                 The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to either be finite or indefinite. Where amortisation is charged on assets with finite
                                 lives, this expense is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis.
                                 The estimated useful lives of existing finite life intangible assets are as follows:
                                                                                 FY26            FY25
                                 Customer contracts                           15 years       15 years
                                 Software development costs                 5-12 years     5-10 years
                                 Useful lives are reassessed on an annual basis and adjustments, where applicable, are made on a prospective basis.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026



4.7. Impairment of non-financial assets

Impairment tests for goodwill and intangibles with indefinite useful lives

Description of cash generating units
Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored,
being the three groups of cash generating units (or ‘CGU’s) – Food, Hardware and Liquor. Indefinite life intangibles primarily comprise
trade names and licences.
Allocation to CGUs
The carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite life intangibles are allocated to the Group’s CGUs as follows:

                                                                             Trade names and
                                         Allocated goodwill                  other intangibles             Post-tax discount rates
                                              FY26              FY25            FY26             FY25            FY26              FY25
Cash-generating units                          $m                $m              $m               $m                %                 %
Food                                         486.2             477.7             57.8             57.9           10.0%           10.0%
Hardware                                     442.2             414.0             67.9             67.9           10.0%           10.0%
Liquor                                       168.2             149.8             12.9             12.9           10.0%           10.0%
                                            1,096.6          1,041.5            138.6            138.7

Assessment of recoverable amounts
The recoverable amounts were determined based on value in use calculations using cash flow projections covering a five-year period,
which are based on strategic plans or forecasts. Estimates beyond the five-year period are calculated using terminal growth rates that
are applicable to the trading environment in which the CGU operates.

Key assumptions used in assessment
The valuations used to support the carrying amounts of intangible assets are based on forward looking key assumptions that are, by
nature, uncertain. The nature and basis of the key assumptions used to estimate future cash flows and the discount rates used in the
projections, when determining the recoverable amount of each CGU, are set out below and in the table above:                               78
− Operating cash flows – Operating cash flow projections are extracted from the most recent strategic plans or forecasts that relate to
  the existing asset base. For each CGU, the cash flow projections for a five-year period have been determined based on expectations




                                                                                                                                          Metcash Financial Report 2026
  of future performance. Key assumptions in the cash flows include sales volume growth, costs of sales and costs of doing business.
  These assumptions are based on expectations of market demand and operational performance.
− Cash flow projections are based on risk-adjusted forecasts that consider anticipated changes in the business, competitive landscape,
  regulatory environment, and economic growth. However, the potential effects of shifts in consumer behaviour and broader
  macroeconomic factors such as unemployment and GDP growth continue to pose uncertainties to the Group’s future operating cash
  flows.
− Discount rates – Discount rates are based on the weighted average cost of capital (‘WACC’) for the Group adjusted for an asset-
  specific risk premium assigned to each CGU. The asset-specific risk premium is determined based on risk embedded within the cash
  flow projections and other factors specific to the industries in which the CGUs operate.
− The calculation of WACC is market-driven and key inputs include target capital structure, equity beta, market risk premium, risk-free
  rate of return and debt risk premium. Pre-tax equivalents of the adopted discount rates are derived iteratively and differ based on
  the timing and extent of tax cash flows. Pre-tax rates were 14.4% across all CGUs (FY25: 14.4% across all CGUs).
− Terminal growth rates – Cash flows beyond the projection period are extrapolated indefinitely using estimated long-term growth
  rates applicable to the trading environment in which the CGUs operate. A terminal growth rate of 2.5% (FY25: 2.5%) was applied to
  all CGUs.

Results of assessment
Based on the FY26 assessment, no impairment of goodwill was identified in any of the Group’s CGUs.

Sensitivity to changes in key assumptions
At the assessment date, no reasonably likely change in key assumptions would cause the carrying amount of any CGU to exceed its
recoverable amount.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026



                                  Material accounting policies
                                  At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that the value of a non-financial asset may be impaired.
                                  Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually and more frequently if events or changes in
                                  circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.
                                  Where an indicator of impairment exists, the Group makes a formal estimate of recoverable amount.
                                  Recoverable amount is the greater of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. It is determined for an individual asset, unless the
                                  asset’s value in use cannot be estimated to be close to its fair value less costs to sell and it does not generate cash inflows that are
                                  largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. In this case, the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU
                                  to which the asset belongs.
                                  When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down
                                  to its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated pre-tax future cash flows are discounted to their present value
                                  using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
                                  Impairment losses are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.



                                  Significant accounting estimates
                                  Impairment of goodwill
                                  The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of
                                  the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated.


                                4.8. Trade and other payables
                                Metcash maintains a supplier finance arrangement that is made available to selected key suppliers, with participation entirely at the
                                discretion of those suppliers. Amounts related to this arrangement are included within trade and other payables in the consolidated
                                Statement of Financial Position, totalling $307.8 million as at the reporting date (FY25: $245.5 million).
                                Under the arrangement, participating suppliers receive payment from an external finance provider either prior to, or on, the original
                                invoice due date. Suppliers incur a fee payable to the finance provider, for which Metcash has no obligation. The finance provider
                                processes payments to suppliers and, as at the reporting date, has settled all outstanding supplier balances under the arrangement.
79
                                Metcash subsequently settles the original invoice amount with the finance provider in accordance with agreed payment terms. Payment
                                terms under the arrangement range from 60 to 270 days from the invoice date, with all outstanding balances at 30 April 2026 due to be




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                settled within 60 days after year end.

                                4.9. Provisions
                                                                                                                     Employee                Property
                                                                                                                   entitlements             provisions                 Total
                                                                                                                            $m                     $m                    $m
                                30 April 2026
                                Current                                                                                   162.3                     3.8               166.1
                                Non-current                                                                                 17.7                   20.0                 37.7
                                                                                                                          180.0                    23.8               203.8
                                30 April 2025
                                Current                                                                                   152.0                    11.9               163.9
                                Non-current                                                                                 15.3                   18.4                 33.7
                                                                                                                          167.3                    30.3               197.6

                                Movements in property provisions
                                                                                                                                                   FY26                FY25
                                                                                                                                                    $m                  $m
                                Opening balance                                                                                                    30.3                 32.1
                                Released as an expense during the year, net                                                                        (2.9)                (1.0)
                                Arising through business combinations                                                                                —                   2.5
                                Utilised during the year, net                                                                                      (4.2)                (3.5)
                                Finance cost discount rate adjustment                                                                               0.6                  0.2
                                Closing balance                                                                                                    23.8                 30.3
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026



 Material accounting policies
 Employee entitlements
 Wages, salaries, incentives, annual leave and sick leave
 Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, incentives, annual leave and accumulating sick leave, are
 recognised in provisions in respect of employees’ services up to the reporting date. They are measured at the amounts expected to
 be paid when the liabilities are settled. Liabilities due to be settled within 12 months of the reporting date are classified as current
 liabilities. Liabilities for non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when the leave is taken and are measured at the rates paid
 or payable.
 Long service leave
 The liability for long service leave is recognised in the provision for employee benefits and measured as the present value of
 expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date. Consideration is given
 to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee departures, and periods of service. Expected future payments at
 the reporting date are discounted using market yields on high-quality corporate bonds with terms to maturity that match as closely
 as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.
 Property provisions
 Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable
 that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be
 made of the amount of the obligation.
 Property provisions include the value of certain retail store lease obligations recognised as part of the acquisition of Franklins in
 FY12. The provision is initially recognised at the acquisition date fair value and subsequently utilised to settle lease obligations. The
 provision related to an individual lease is derecognised when the Group has met or otherwise extinguished its obligations in full
 under that lease.
 Provisions are also recognised for obligations such as guarantees, property make-good and other costs. Depending on the nature of
 these obligations, they are expected to be settled over the term of the lease, at the conclusion of the lease or otherwise when the
 obligation vests.
 If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are measured at the net present value of the expected future cash
 outflows using a current pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability. During each period the provision is increased by an
 amount that is equal to the provision multiplied by the discount rate. This increment, including any change in the value of the
 provision as a result of a change in discount rate, is treated as a finance cost.
                                                                                                                                                80

 Significant accounting estimates




                                                                                                                                                Metcash Financial Report 2026
 Property provisions
 The Group recognises provisions for rental agreements on acquisition. In measuring these provisions, assumptions are made about
 future retail sales, rental costs and in determining the appropriate discount rate to be used in the cash flow calculations.
 The Group assesses obligations on property make-good, restructuring and other costs. These estimates are determined using
 assumptions on property-related costs, redundancy and other closure or restructure costs.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                5.   Capital structure, financing and risk management
                                5.1. Reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                                                                           FY26                   FY25
                                                                                                                                            $m                     $m
                                Net profit for the year                                                                                    280.8                 283.4
                                Adjustments for:
                                Depreciation and amortisation                                                                              258.0                 240.0
                                Provisions for impairment, net of reversals                                                                 28.7                  42.4
                                Share of profit from equity-accounted investments                                                         (11.2)                 (18.7)
                                Movements in put option liabilities                                                                       (23.9)                 (11.2)
                                Share-based payments expense                                                                                 3.0                   3.1
                                Other adjustments                                                                                            4.9                 (11.9)
                                Changes in assets and liabilities:
                                Increase in trade and other receivables                                                                   (42.3)                 (63.6)
                                Decrease / (increase) in inventories                                                                        19.2               (282.0)
                                Increase in payables and provisions                                                                         29.6                 347.2
                                Increase in tax balances                                                                                    11.2                  10.3
                                Cash flows from operating activities                                                                       558.0                 539.0



                                5.2. Interest-bearing borrowings
                                                                                                                                           FY26                   FY25
                                                                                                                                            $m                     $m
81                              Current
                                Bank loans – working capital                                                                                98.4                 263.3




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                                                                                                            98.4                 263.3
                                Non-current
                                Bank loans – working capital                                                                                65.0                  80.0
                                Bank loans – syndicated                                                                                    525.0                 324.9
                                Deferred borrowing costs                                                                                    (4.6)                 (6.0)
                                                                                                                                           585.4                 398.9

                                Financial covenants
                                Refer to Note 5.6 for details of the Group’s core borrowing facilities. The core borrowings of the Group must comply with two primary
                                covenants which apply to the syndicated, bilateral and working capital bank facilities. They include a Fixed Charges Cover Ratio and a
                                Senior Leverage Ratio. There were no defaults or breaches on the Group’s core borrowings in FY26 and FY25, and no forecast breaches.
                                Covenants are required to be tested twice yearly, at half year and full year.

                                Weighted average interest
                                The weighted average effective interest rate on the syndicated, bilateral and working capital loans was 5.17% (FY25: 5.65%), reflecting
                                an average BBSY of 3.80% (FY25: 4.30%) over the year. These rates exclude line fees on unutilised facility balances.

                                Statement of Cashflows – Proceeds from and repayment of borrowings
                                The Statement of Cash Flows sets out the Group’s proceeds from borrowings of $850.0 million (FY25: $1.24 billion), which includes gross
                                proceeds from syndicated and bilateral loans of $650.0 million (FY25: $950.0 billion) and net proceeds from working capital loans of
                                $180.8 million (FY25: $290.8 million).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026



  Material accounting policies
  All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received net of issue costs associated with
  the borrowing.
  After initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
  interest method.
  Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised.


5.3. Put options and other financial liabilities
                                                                                          Put option      Other financial
                                                                                           liabilities         liabilities              Total
                                                                                                   $m                  $m                 $m
30 April 2026
Current                                                                                          14.2                  4.6               18.8
Non-current                                                                                      82.2                  9.7               91.9
                                                                                                 96.4                14.3               110.7
30 April 2025
Current                                                                                          14.3                  2.6               16.9
Non-current                                                                                    112.1                 15.1               127.2
                                                                                               126.4                 17.7               144.1


Put Option Liabilities
                                                                                            2026                              2025

                                                       Financial                 Number of       Put option        Number of         Put option
                                                       Year                         stores            value           stores              value
Put Option Maturity                                                                                     $m                                  $m     82
Total Tools JV Stores
Between May 2025 and July 2025                         FY26                               —                —                  4             3.3




                                                                                                                                                   Metcash Financial Report 2026
Between May 2026 and July 2026                         FY27                                2              7.3                 2             7.5
Between May 2027 and July 2027                         FY28                               23             36.4                24            53.5
Between May 2028 and July 2028                         FY29                                9              3.8                 9             5.0
Between May 2029 and July 2029                         FY30                                5              9.3                 5            11.5
Between May 2030 and July 2030                         FY31                               10             24.2                10            26.1
Total Tools Group put options                                                             49             81.0                54           106.9
Other put options – Hardware pillar                                                                      15.4                              19.5
Total                                                                                                    96.4                             126.4


Total Tools Group put options
During the year, Metcash has exercised put option arrangements for 4 Total Tools JV stores for upfront purchase consideration of $6.2
million (allocated against the put option liability).
The Total Tools JV Store put option agreements allow individual minority shareholders to sell their remaining equity interests in the 49 JV
Stores to Metcash. Metcash has the right to acquire the remaining equity interests via call options, generally exercisable at any time. The
exercise price of the put options are based on a multiple of the respective store’s EBITDA over a 12-month period immediately prior to
the respective exercise dates, adjusted for a number of items, including net debt and working capital.
The Group has recognised financial liabilities for the Total Tools JV Store put options, has derecognised the non-controlling interests in
the Total Tools JV Stores and has ceased accounting for the non-controlling interests. Accordingly, the Statement of Comprehensive
Income includes 100% of the net profit of the Total Tools JV Stores.
The above put option liabilities are remeasured at each reporting date at the estimated put option exercise price, with any change in
value recorded as a significant item within the Statement of Comprehensive Income, together with the net present value interest
unwind on the put option liability.
At balance date, Metcash has ownership of between 51% and 95% in 49 Total Tools JV stores. The carrying amount of the Total Tools JV
store put option liabilities was $81.0 million (FY25: $106.9 million). Refer Note 3.3 of the financial report for details in relation to the put
option valuation adjustments recognised during the year.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                Other put options
                                The Group has also recognised a liability of $15.4 million (FY25: $19.5 million) in respect of an additional three put options written over
                                non-controlling interests in non-wholly owned subsidiaries within the Hardware pillar. These put option arrangements allow minority
                                shareholders to sell their equity interests to Metcash, subject to specific terms and conditions. These put options are measured at the
                                present value of the redemption amount under the option.
                                During the year, Metcash exercised its remaining put options for Clennetts and exercised 5% of its put options over Faggs, for purchase
                                consideration of $2.7 million.



                                  Material accounting policies
                                  Arrangements within certain business combinations entitle the non-controlling interests to require the Group to acquire their
                                  shareholding via exercise of a put option, subject to specific terms and conditions. Where such an arrangement is deemed to be part
                                  of the business combination, a financial liability is recognised on the acquisition date measured at the present value of the
                                  redemption amount under the arrangement. The initial recognition of the put option liability is charged directly to retained earnings
                                  and the non-controlling interest is derecognised.
                                  The put option liability is subsequently remeasured at each reporting date at the estimated put option exercise price, with any
                                  change in value recorded within the Statement of Comprehensive Income, together with the net present value interest unwind on
                                  the put option liability.



                                  Significant accounting estimate
                                  Put option liabilities
                                  The valuations used to determine the carrying amount of put option liabilities are based on forward looking key assumptions that
                                  are, by nature, uncertain. This requires an estimation of future earnings and cash flows which includes assumptions in relation to
                                  sales volume growth, cost of sales and costs of doing business.


                                Contingent put option liabilities
83                              Ritchies Stores Pty Ltd (Ritchies) put option
                                The Group has a put option with Ritchies Stores Pty Ltd (Ritchies). Metcash has a 29.9% (FY25: 29.9%) ownership interest in Ritchies, which
                                is recognised as an equity-accounted investment on the Group’s balance sheet. The remaining shareholders in Ritchies have the right to




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                put their 70.1% (FY25: 70.1%) ownership interests to Metcash, via put option, subject to a margin related annual financial hurdle (‘hurdle’)
                                being achieved.
                                The put option can be exercised collectively by all shareholders during a prescribed period following the approval of Ritchies’ annual
                                audited financial report (‘group put option’ representing the remaining 29.9% shareholding) or in certain circumstances by individual
                                minority shareholders within a prescribed period (‘small shareholder put option’).
                                Should the hurdle be achieved, and the shareholders elect to exercise any put option, the purchase consideration payable by Metcash is
                                based on a multiple of the prior year reported earnings, normalised for certain adjustments. Metcash estimates that the group put option
                                consideration payable to Ritchies shareholders in respect of the 2025 financial year would be between $240 million and $250 million.
                                If any put options were to be exercised, the exercise price will be determined with reference to Ritchies’ results for that financial year and
                                the consideration payable would reflect those results.
                                The put option agreement terminates when Metcash ceases to hold shares in Ritchies or if Ritchies lists on the ASX.
                                The Ritchies put option is recognised at a fair value of nil.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


5.4. Contributed equity and reserves

Contributed equity

                                                                                                       FY26                                   FY25
                                                                       Number of shares                 $m    Number of shares                  $m
At 1 May                                                                       1,098,581,825      1,263.4          1,091,553,766            1,238.8
Shares issued under the DRP                                                       1,144,332             4.0            7,028,059               24.6
At 30 April                                                                    1,099,726,157      1,267.4          1,098,581,825            1,263.4

Fully paid ordinary shares carry one vote per share and carry the right to dividends. Shares have no par value.

Other reserves


                                                               Share-based    Foreign currency            Cash flow hedge                     Total
                                                           payments reserve translation reserve                    reserve           other reserves
                                                                        $m                  $m                         $m                       $m
At 1 May 2024                                                          11.1                    (5.7)                   1.6                      7.0
Total comprehensive income, net of tax                                   —                      1.3                  (2.0)                    (0.7)
Transferred to retained earnings                                        0.6                      —                     —                        0.6
Share based payments settled in cash                                   (1.6)                     —                     —                      (1.6)
On-market purchase of shares                                           (9.7)                     —                     —                      (9.7)
Share-based payments expense                                            3.1                      —                     —                        3.1
At 30 April 2025                                                        3.5                    (4.4)                 (0.4)                    (1.3)
Total comprehensive income, net of tax                                   —                     (4.3)                 (2.3)                    (6.6)
Share based payments settled in cash                                   (0.5)                     —                     —                      (0.5)
On-market purchase of shares                                           (0.2)                     —                     —                      (0.2)   84
Share-based payments expense                                            3.0                      —                     —                        3.0
At 30 April 2026                                                        5.8                    (8.7)                 (2.7)                    (5.6)




                                                                                                                                                      Metcash Financial Report 2026
  Material accounting policies
  Share-based payments reserve
  The share-based payments reserve is used to record the value of equity benefits provided to executives as part of their
  remuneration. Once a performance right has lapsed the Group no longer has any obligation to convert these performance rights into
  share capital. The amount transferred to retained earnings represents the value of share-based payments previously recognised as
  an expense that have subsequently lapsed.
  Foreign currency translation reserve
  The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
  statements of foreign subsidiaries.
  Cash flow hedge reserve
  The cash flow hedge reserve records the portion of the unrealised gain or loss on a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that is
  determined to be an effective hedge.



5.5. Dividends
                                                                                                                         FY26                 FY25
                                                                                                                          $m                   $m
Dividends paid on ordinary shares during the year
Final fully franked dividend for FY25: 9.5c (FY24: 8.5c)                                                                 104.4                 92.8
Interim fully franked dividend for FY26: 8.5c (FY25: 8.5c)                                                                   93.4              93.3
Dividends declared during the year                                                                                       197.8               186.1
Shares issued under the DRP (1.1 million shares issued)                                                                      (4.0)           (24.6)
Net cash dividends paid on ordinary shares during the year                                                               193.8               161.5

Dividends determined (not recognised as a liability as at 30 April)

Final fully franked dividend for FY26: 9.5c (FY25: 9.5c)                                                                 104.5                104.4
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                On 22 June 2026, the Board determined to pay a fully franked FY26 final dividend of 9.5 cents per share, sourced from the profit reserve
                                established by Metcash Limited (Parent Company), with a record date of 15 July 2026 and payment date of 26 August 2026.
                                The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) has been suspended with effect from 22 June 2026 and accordingly not applied against the final
                                dividend payment for FY26.

                                Franking credit balance of Metcash Limited

                                                                                                                                                             FY26         FY25
                                                                                                                                                              $m           $m
                                Franking account balance as at the end of the financial year at 30% (FY25: 30%)                                              321.2       251.8
                                Franking credits that will arise/(refundable) from the payment of income tax payable at the reporting date                    17.4         (3.4)
                                Franking credits on dividends determined but not distributed to shareholders during the year                                 (44.8)      (44.7)
                                                                                                                                                             293.8       203.7

                                5.6. Financial risk management

                                Objectives and policies
                                The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise bank loans and overdrafts, leases, cash and short-term deposits and derivatives.
                                The main purpose of these instruments is to finance the Group’s operations. The Group also has various other financial assets and
                                liabilities such as trade receivables and payables, which arise directly from its operations.
                                The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are liquidity risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and foreign exchange risk. The
                                Board reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are detailed below. The objective of the Group’s risk
                                management policy is to support delivery of the Group’s financial targets while protecting future financial security.

                                Liquidity risk and funding management
                                Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its payment obligations when they fall due under normal and extreme
                                circumstances. To limit this risk, the Group manages assets with liquidity in mind, and monitors future cash flows and liquidity on a daily
                                basis. The Group’s primary sources of debt funding are syndicated and working capital facilities, of which 41.9% (FY25: 43.3%) has been
85                              utilised as at 30 April 2026. The Group monitors forecasts of liquidity reserves on the basis of expected cash flow.

                                Available credit facilities
                                At the reporting date, the Group had the following unused credit facilities available for its immediate use:




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                                                                                           Total                 Debt         Guarantees              Facilities
                                                                                                        facilities              usage       & other usage             available
                                                                                                              $m                  $m                  $m                    $m
                                At 30 April 2026
                                Syndicated facilities                                                     1,075.0               525.0                    —               550.0
                                Working capital, including guarantees                                       590.7               163.4                 10.0               417.3
                                                                                                         1,665.7                688.4                 10.0               967.3
                                At 30 April 2025
                                Syndicated facilities                                                     1,075.0               325.0                    —               750.0
                                Working capital, including guarantees                                       492.4               343.2                 10.4               138.8
                                                                                                         1,567.4                668.2                 10.4               888.8

                                Syndicated facilities
                                Syndicated bank loans are senior unsecured term and revolving facilities. The facilities are due to expire in May 2028 ($325.0 million),
                                May 2029 ($200.0 million), May 2030 ($300.0 million) and May 2031 ($250.0 million). Interest is payable on the facilities based on BBSY
                                plus a margin. The applicable margin is dependent upon an escalation matrix linked to the Senior Leverage Ratio achieved. These bank
                                loans are subject to certain financial undertakings as detailed in Note 5.2.

                                Working capital
                                Working capital bank facilities are represented by eight unsecured revolving facilities totalling $590.7 million.
                                Two of these facilities are reviewed and renewed annually each July ($17.4m). The remaining facilities mature in November 2026 ($30.0
                                million), May 2027 ($170.0 million), October 2027 ($175.0 million) and two facilities mature in November 2027 ($100.0 million).
                                There is an uncommitted facility for $100m which is drawn at year end for $98.3 million with a maturity in July 2026.
                                Interest payable on any loans drawn under these facilities is based on BBSY or the RBA cash rate plus a margin. These bank loans are
                                subject to certain financial undertakings as detailed in Note 5.2.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


Maturity analysis of financial liabilities based on contracted date
The following table reflects the gross contracted values of financial liabilities categorised by their contracted dates of settlement.
Gross settled derivatives comprise forward exchange contracts that are used to hedge anticipated purchase commitments. Under the
terms of these agreements, the settlements at expiry include both a cash payment and receipt.

                                                                          1 year                                More than
                                                                          or less           1 – 5 years           5 years                Total
                                                                              $m                    $m                $m                   $m
As at 30 April 2026
Trade and other payables                                                 3,041.1                      —                    —         3,041.1
Bank loans                                                                 132.9                  542.9               125.1              800.9
Financial guarantee contracts                                                 0.2                     —                    —               0.2
Other financial liabilities                                                   4.4                  18.9                    —              23.3
Put options written over non-controlling interests                            7.3                  99.2                    —             106.5
Lease liabilities                                                          244.9                  755.7               507.0          1,507.6
Derivative liabilities – gross settled:
— Inflows                                                                    92.6                     —                    —              92.6
— Outflows                                                                 (92.6)                     —                    —             (92.6)
Net maturity                                                             3,430.8                1,416.7               632.1          5,479.6
As at 30 April 2025
Trade and other payables                                                 3,014.8                      —                    —         3,014.8
Bank loans                                                                 295.9                  345.5               132.7              774.1
Financial guarantee contracts                                                 1.0                     —                    —               1.0
Other financial liabilities                                                   1.6                    7.4                   —               9.0
Put options written over non-controlling interests                           22.8                  85.5                31.9              140.2
Lease liabilities                                                          176.1                  594.9               479.2          1,250.2      86
Derivative liabilities – gross settled:
–    Inflows                                                                 32.4                     —                    —              32.4




                                                                                                                                                  Metcash Financial Report 2026
–    Outflows                                                              (32.4)                     —                    —             (32.4)
Net maturity                                                             3,512.2                1,033.3               643.8          5,189.3

Interest rate risk
The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s bank debt obligations with a floating
interest rate.
Metcash manages this risk by entering into interest rate swap contracts with various major Australian banks. At 30 April 2026, the
principal hedged was $495.0 million (FY25: $345.0 million) with a weighted average hedge maturity of 0.8 years (FY25: 0.9 years) and an
average fixed interest rate of 4.0% (FY25: 3.8%), pre margin. The Group considered these derivatives to be effective hedges in
accordance with AASB 9 Financial Instruments and therefore treats them as cash flow hedges. These interest rate swaps are exposed to
fair value movements based on changes to the interest rate curve.
The Group’s treasury policy provides percentage ranges across yearly periods for the interest rate hedging of net debt. Core debt is
defined as the minimum level of drawn debt which is expected to occur over the year. At 30 April 2026, Metcash has $688.4 million
(FY25: $668.2 million) of bank debt obligations.
At the reporting date, the Group had the following mix of financial assets and liabilities exposed to Australian variable interest rate risk
that, except as indicated, are not designated in cash flow hedges:

                                                                                                                   FY26                   FY25
                                                                                                                    $m                     $m
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           67.2                  84.8
Financial liabilities
Bank loans – syndicated                                                                                          (525.0)              (324.9)
Bank loans – working capital                                                                                     (163.4)              (343.3)
Less: Interest rate swaps notional principal value – designated as cash flow hedges                                495.0                 345.0
Net exposure                                                                                                     (193.4)              (323.2)

Sensitivity analysis
Based on the Group’s net debt position, after the impact of hedging as at 30 April 2026 and 2025, with all variables held constant, an
0.5% change in interest rates is estimated to result in a $0.7 million (FY25: $1.3 million) change in the Group’s net profit after tax. This
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                sensitivity estimate is driven by higher/lower interest costs from variable rate cash and bank debt, net of interest rate derivatives that
                                hedge core debt.
                                These movements have been selected as they are considered reasonable, given the current economic climate and the current levels of
                                short term and long-term Australian interest rates.

                                Credit risk
                                Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a
                                financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing
                                activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions and other financial instruments.

                                Trade receivables and loans
                                The Group trades with a large number of customers and it is Group policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are
                                subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, where a loan has been provided, the Group will obtain security over certain assets
                                of the customer wherever possible.
                                Receivables and loans are monitored on an ongoing basis and a formal review of all balances occurs every six months to measure
                                impairment losses. As identified in Note 4.1, the current level of impairment provision represents 1.9% (FY25: 2.1%) of the Group’s
                                receivables and loans.

                                Lease receivables
                                The Group is exposed to credit risk on ‘back-to-back’ arrangements contained within its property leases where Metcash has subleased
                                properties to retailers. The Group regularly reviews material lease arrangements on an ongoing basis and a formal review of all leases
                                occurs every six months to measure impairment losses. Refer Note 4.2 for further details.

                                Others
                                There are no other significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group.

                                Foreign exchange risk
                                The Group is exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations on transactions and balances in respect of its operations in New Zealand.
                                This operation represents less than 5% of the Group’s total sales revenue and total profit after tax.
87
                                In addition, the Group undertakes some foreign currency transactions when purchasing goods and services. The Group enters into
                                forward foreign exchange contracts to manage the risk associated with anticipated purchase commitments denominated in foreign
                                currencies.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                The amount of foreign exchange cover is based on anticipated future purchases in light of current conditions in foreign markets,
                                commitments from customers and experience.


                                 Material accounting policies
                                 Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date at which a derivative contract is entered into and are
                                 subsequently remeasured to fair value.
                                 The fair value of derivative contracts is determined by reference to market values for similar instruments. Derivatives are carried as
                                 assets when their fair value is positive and as liabilities when their fair value is negative. Any gains or losses arising from changes in
                                 the fair value of derivatives, except for those that qualify as cash flow hedges, are taken directly to the Statement of Comprehensive
                                 Income for the year.
                                 Instruments that meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are classified as:
                                 –     fair value hedges, when they hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability; or
                                 –     cash flow hedges, when they hedge the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable either to a particular risk
                                       associated with a recognised asset or liability or to a forecast transaction.
                                 Fair value hedges
                                 The change in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value of the hedged
                                 item and is also recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income as finance costs. If the hedged item is derecognised, the
                                 unamortised fair value is recognised immediately in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
                                 When an unrecognised firm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in the fair value of the
                                 firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain or loss recognised in
                                 the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
                                 Cash flow hedges
                                 The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income and carried forward
                                 to the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                 as finance costs.
                                 Amounts recognised as other comprehensive income are transferred to profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or
                                 loss, such as when the hedged financial income or financial expense is recognised or when a forecast sale occurs. When the hedged
                                 item is the cost of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amounts recognised as other comprehensive income are
                                 transferred to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial asset or liability.
                                 If the forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in
                                 equity is transferred to the Statement of Comprehensive Income. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised
                                 without replacement or rollover, or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, any cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


 comprehensive income remains in other comprehensive income until the forecast transaction or firm commitment affects the
 Statement of Comprehensive Income.
 Current versus non-current classification
 Derivative instruments are classified as current or non-current or separated into current and non-current portions based on an
 assessment of the facts and circumstances including the underlying contracted cash flows.

5.7. Capital management
For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes all accounts classified as equity on the Statement of Financial
Position. The Board’s intention is to continue to invest in the business for future growth while maintaining a strong financial position
and otherwise to assess returning surplus capital to shareholders.
On 22 June 2026, the Board determined to pay a fully franked FY26 final dividend of 9.5 cents per share. The FY26 final dividend
represents a full year dividend payout ratio of 73.6% of underlying profit after tax.
The Board and management set out to maintain appropriate Statement of Financial Position ratios. Certain Statement of Financial
Position ratios are also imposed under the Group’s banking facilities (refer to Note 5.2).
Management monitor capital through the debt leverage ratio (net debt / underlying EBITDA less depreciation of ROU assets). The FY26
debt leverage ratio was 1.01x (FY25: 0.96x).
No changes were made to the overall objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year.

6.   Group structure
6.1. Business combinations and acquisition of non-controlling interests

Acquisition of subsidiaries
Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill in relation to businesses acquired during the financial year are
as follows:
                                                 Steve’s Liquor              Holliman’s
                                                   Warehouse               Rural Pty Ltd                   Other                     Total
                                                            $m                       $m                      $m                       $m       88
Net assets acquired
Trade and other receivables                                   0.4                        -                      0.2                      0.6




                                                                                                                                               Metcash Financial Report 2026
Inventories                                                   4.1                      4.5                      7.8                     16.4
Trade payables and provisions                               (2.6)                    (1.5)                    (1.7)                    (5.8)
Property, plant and equipment                                 0.2                      1.1                      2.2                      3.5
ROU assets                                                    4.9                      1.7                      8.5                     15.1
Lease liabilities                                           (4.9)                    (1.7)                    (8.5)                   (15.1)
Tax balances - net                                            0.1                      0.2                      0.6                      0.9
Net identifiable assets acquired                              2.2                      4.3                      9.1                     15.6
Goodwill                                                    19.2                     15.0                     20.9                      55.1
Total purchase consideration (a)                            21.4                     19.3                     30.0                      70.7

     (a)   Purchase consideration includes $1.8 million of deferred consideration, including amounts held back for any working capital
           adjustments. There was a net cash outflow of $68.9 million (investing cashflow) in FY26.

From their respective dates of acquisitions, the business acquired during the financial year contributed $62.4 million of incremental sales
revenue and $4.4 million of incremental earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) to the Metcash Group.

Steve’s Liquor Warehouse
During the year, the Group acquired Steve’s Liquor Warehouse group that includes five retail stores in Victoria and three in Tasmania. The
acquisition brought a diverse portfolio of stores with a range of locations and formats, to complement existing company-operated stores.

Holliman’s Rural Pty Ltd
During the year, the Group acquired 75% of Holliman’s Rural Pty Ltd, providing an opportunity to expand into regional markets and leverage
an established rural customer base.

The purchase price accounting for the above business combinations is provisional as at 30 April 2026.


  Material accounting policies
  Business combinations
  The acquisition of controlled entities is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition method of
  accounting involves allocating the costs of the business combination to the acquisition date fair value of net assets acquired,
  including intangible assets, contingent liabilities and contingent consideration.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                6.2. Parent entity information
                                                                                                                                                  FY26                   FY25
                                                                                                                                                   $m                     $m
                                Statement of financial position
                                Current assets – amounts receivable from subsidiaries                                                           1,435.2                1,627.4
                                Net assets                                                                                                      1,435.2                1,627.4

                                Contributed equity (Note 5.4)                                                                                   1,267.4                1,263.4
                                Accumulated losses                                                                                            (1,265.4)              (1,265.4)
                                Profit reserve                                                                                                  1,427.4                1,625.9
                                Share-based payments reserve                                                                                        5.8                    3.5
                                Total equity                                                                                                    1,435.2                1,627.4
                                Statement of comprehensive income
                                Dividend received from a subsidiary                                                                                  —                  415.1
                                Net profit for the year                                                                                              —                  415.1
                                Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                                  —                  415.1

                                Profit reserve
                                The parent entity, Metcash Limited, established a profit reserve in FY17 within its separate financial statements, in accordance with the
                                Company’s constitution.

                                Closed Group
                                The parent entity has provided guarantees as part of the Closed Group arrangements as disclosed in Appendix B.

                                Contingent liabilities
                                The contingent liabilities in relation to the parent entity are disclosed in Note 7.3.
89                              6.3. Related party disclosures
                                A list of the Group’s subsidiaries is included in Appendix B and a list of equity-accounted investments is included in Note 4.4.




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Material transactions and balances with related parties – Group

                                                                                                                                                    FY26                FY25
                                                                                                                                                       $                   $
                                Transactions with related parties – equity-accounted investments
                                Sales revenue                                                                                             1,148,432,441      1,438,836,260
                                Rent paid                                                                                                     1,210,271                    —
                                Lease and other charges                                                                                         595,895              597,885
                                Dividends received                                                                                            5,390,920             4,982,525
                                Interest income from lease receivables                                                                          949,783             1,716,575
                                Balances with related parties – equity-accounted investments
                                Trade receivables – gross                                                                                   104,745,824        122,529,273
                                Provision for impairment loss                                                                                         —                    —
                                                                                                                                            104,745,824        122,529,273

                                Lease receivables – gross                                                                                    22,547,627            37,105,728
                                Provision for impairment loss                                                                                         —                    —
                                                                                                                                             22,547,627            37,105,728

                                All transactions with the above entities are conducted under commercial terms and in the ordinary course of business.

                                Parent entity

                                Details of the parent entity are set out in Note 6.2.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

The table below reflects KMP remuneration for the period in which they were KMP.

                                                                                                                FY26                FY25
                                                                                                                   $                   $
Short-term                                                                                                 7,975,303         7,776,929
Long-term                                                                                                     75,118               63,642
Post-employment                                                                                              323,261           299,642
Share-based payments                                                                                       1,752,990         1,702,369
                                                                                                         10,126,672          9,842,582

7.   Other disclosures
7.1. Share-based payments

Description of share-based payment arrangements

In FY26, the Group had the following share-based incentive schemes for employees:

Scheme name                      Description
Short-term incentives (STI schemes)
FY26 at-risk STI plan            The FY26 at-risk STI plan included a 50% (Group CEO), 50% (Group CFO) and 25% (other KMP and senior
– deferred component             executives) deferred component which will be released through the issue of performance rights
                                 conditional upon the executives remaining employed by the Company until 3 July 2027.

FY25 at-risk STI plan            The FY25 at-risk STI plan included a 50% (Group CEO), 40% (Group CFO) and 25% (other KMP and senior
– deferred component             executives) deferred component which will be released through the issue of performance rights
                                 conditional upon the executives remaining employed by the Company until 3 July 2026.
Long-term incentives (LTI schemes)                                                                                                          90
FY26-FY28 LTI grant              This grant was issued to KMP and senior executives during FY26 and is subject to two performance




                                                                                                                                            Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                 conditions: Adjusted Earnings per Share (‘EPS’) (with a ROFE ‘gate-opener’) and Absolute Total
                                 Shareholder Returns (‘ATSR’) over a three-year period from 1 May 2025 to 30 April 2028.
FY25-FY27 LTI grant              This grant was issued to KMP and senior executives during FY25 and is subject to two performance
                                 conditions: Adjusted Earnings per Share (‘EPS’) (with a ROFE ‘gate-opener’) and Absolute Total
                                 Shareholder Returns (‘ATSR’) over a three-year period from 1 May 2024 to 30 April 2027.

FY24-FY26 LTI grant              This grant was issued to KMP and senior executives during FY24 and is subject to two performance
                                 conditions: Return on Funds Employed (‘ROFE’) and Absolute Total Shareholder Returns (‘ATSR’) over a
                                 three-year period from 1 May 2023 to 30 April 2026.

Group CIO project completion     This grant was issued to the Group CIO during FY26 and is subject to agreed completion of Program
incentive                        Horizon and continued employment. In addition, the Group CIO’s ongoing performance and behaviours
                                 must be deemed as acceptable over each performance period by the Board.


The STI schemes (deferred component) and LTI schemes are also subject to service conditions, usually from the beginning of the
performance period to the date of the allocation of shares.
The FY24-FY26 LTI is expected to vest at 20.5%. These vested performance rights will be converted to shares and allocated to the
participants under the rights plan on 15 August 2026.
As foreshadowed in FY25, the FY23-FY25 LTI plan vested on 15 August 2025 at 50% which was equivalent to 361,381 performance rights.
Each performance right entitled the participant to one Metcash share. Metcash acquired 53,252 shares on market and allocated these to
the participants on 15 August 2025. The balance relating to good leavers was settled in cash.

Measurement of fair values

FY26 at-risk STI plan – deferred component
The 50% (Group CEO), 50% (Group CFO) and 25% (other KMP and senior executives) components of the FY26 at-risk STI plan will be
deferred and released through the issue of Metcash performance rights conditional upon the executive remaining employed by the
Company until 3 July 2026. The number of performance rights will be calculated by dividing 50% (Group CEO), 50% (Group CFO) and 25%
(other KMP and senior executives) of the STI award dollar value by the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of Metcash ordinary
shares over the 20 trading days ended 30 April 2026 of $2.92 per share. The FY26 expense for the FY26 at-risk STI plan – deferred
component has been based on an estimate of the fair value of the performance rights. The fair value per grant was determined in
accordance with AASB 2 Share-based payments at grant date.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                FY25 at-risk STI plan – deferred component
                                The 50% (Group CEO), 40% (Group CFO) and 25% (other KMP and senior executives) components of the FY25 at-risk STI plan will be
                                deferred and released through the issue of Metcash performance rights conditional upon the executive remaining employed by the
                                Company until 3 July 2026. The number of performance rights will be calculated by dividing 50% (Group CEO), 40% (Group CFO) and 25%
                                (other KMP and senior executives) of the STI award dollar value by the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of Metcash ordinary
                                shares over the 20 trading days ended 30 April 2025 of $3.17 per share. The FY25 expense for the FY25 at-risk STI plan – deferred
                                component has been based on an estimate of the fair value of the performance rights. The fair value per grant was determined in
                                accordance with AASB 2 Share-based payments at grant date.
                                Performance rights
                                The weighted average inputs to the valuation of the STI deferred component and LTI performance rights valued, subject to the EPS
                                performance condition, at grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model are as follows:

                                                                       At-risk STI        Group CIO                       LTI                    LTI                   LTI
                                                                        deferred project completion                FY26–FY28              FY25–FY27             FY24–FY26
                                                                             FY26          incentive                    (EPS)                  (EPS)               (ROFE)
                                Dividend yield                               5.0%                   5.0%                  5.0%                  5.5%                   5.5%
                                Risk free rate                               3.4%                   3.4%                  3.4%                  3.7%                   4.0%
                                Expected volatility                          20%                    20%                   20%                    20%                    23%
                                Contractual life (days)                       353                   906                  1,115                  1,091                 1,088
                                Share price at grant date                    3.94                   4.07                  4.05                   3.52                  3.72
                                Fair value at grant date                     3.61                   3.61                  3.52                   3.02                  3.20

                                The weighted average inputs to the valuation of performance rights valued, subject to the ATSR performance condition, at grant date by
                                an external specialist using the Monte Carlo option pricing model are as follows:

                                                                                             LTI                                  LTI                                  LTI
                                                                                      FY26–FY28                            FY25–FY27                            FY24–FY26
91                                                                                       (ATSR)                               (ATSR)                               (ATSR)
                                Dividend yield                                              5.0%                                  5.5%                                 5.5%
                                Risk free rate                                              3.4%                                  3.7%                                 4.0%




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Expected volatility                                          20%                                  20%                                   23%
                                Contractual life (days)                                    1,115                                 1,091                                1,088
                                Share price at grant date                                    4.05                                 3.52                                 3.72
                                Fair value at grant date                                     2.51                                 1.47                                 1.34

                                Service and non-market performance conditions attached to the grants were not taken into account in measuring fair value. Market
                                performance conditions associated with the grants have been reflected in the fair value measurement. Expected volatility is based on an
                                evaluation of the historical volatility of Metcash’s share price, particularly over the historical period commensurate with the expected
                                term. Performance rights are only exercisable on their vesting date.

                                  Material accounting policies
                                  Share-based payment transactions
                                  The Group provides a portion of senior executive and key employee remuneration as equity-settled share-based payments, in the
                                  form of performance rights.
                                  The value of the performance rights issued is determined on the date which both the employee and the Group understand and
                                  agree to the share-based payment terms and conditions (grant date). The value at grant date is based upon the fair value of a similar
                                  arrangement between the Group and an independent third party and is determined using an appropriate valuation model. The fair
                                  value does not consider the impact of service or performance conditions, other than conditions linked to the share price of Metcash
                                  Limited (market conditions).
                                  The fair value of performance rights is recognised as an expense, together with a corresponding increase in the share-based
                                  payments reserve within equity, over the period between the grant date and the date on which the employee becomes fully entitled
                                  to the award (vesting date). This expense is recognised cumulatively by estimating the number of performance rights expected to
                                  vest. This estimate is formed based on the best available information at the reporting date. No adjustment is made for the likelihood
                                  of market conditions being met as the effect of these conditions is included in the determination of fair value at grant date. Where
                                  the performance rights are cancelled, any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately.
                                  The dilutive effect, if any, of outstanding performance rights are reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings
                                  per share.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 April 2026


Reconciliation of outstanding performance rights

The following table illustrates the movement in the number of performance rights during the year:

                                                                                                                            FY26                       FY25
                                                                                                                          Number                     Number
Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                                                6,233,192                  5,734,038
Granted during the year                                                                                                 4,272,721                  3,082,344
Vested/exercised during the year                                                                                       (1,700,576)               (1,518,505)
Expired/forfeited during the year                                                                                        (779,216)               (1,064,685)
Outstanding at the end of the year                                                                                      8,026,121                  6,233,192

The outstanding balance of performance rights as at 30 April 2026 is represented by:

                                                                         Total outstanding                       Exercisable                     Remaining
Scheme name                                    Vesting date                      (number)                          (number)                  contractual life
LTI FY26 – FY28                             15 August 2028                         4,120,492                                —              2 years 4 months
LTI FY25 – FY27                             15 August 2027                         2,212,016                                —              1 years 4 months
LTI FY24 – FY261                            14 August 2026                         1,572,504                                —                       4 months
Group CIO Project                       31 December 2027                              78,864                                —                     20 months
Completion Incentive
FY25 STI Deferred                                3 July 2026                          42,245                                —                       2 months
Total outstanding at the reporting date                                           8,026,121
1.   The FY24-FY26 LTI performance rights plan is expected to vest at 20.5% subject only to employees remaining in employment until 14 August 2026. These vested
     performance rights will be converted to shares and allocated to the participants under the Rights Plan on 14 August 2026.


Key terms and conditions
All performance rights associated with the above schemes are equity-settled performance rights and were issued under the Metcash                                   92
Executives and Senior Managers Performance Rights Plan (Rights Plan). Fully paid ordinary shares issued under this plan rank equally
with all other existing fully paid ordinary shares in respect of voting and dividend rights.




                                                                                                                                                                   Metcash Financial Report 2026
The key terms of the ‘LTI’ and ‘STI plan – deferred component’ plans include:
1. Each performance right is an entitlement to receive a fully paid ordinary share in the Company on terms and conditions determined
   by the Board, including vesting conditions linked to service and performance over the contractual life of the rights;
2. Performance rights which do not vest are forfeited;
3. Performance rights are offered at no cost to participants;
4. Performance rights do not carry voting or dividend rights, however shares allocated upon vesting of performance rights will carry the
   same rights as other ordinary shares;
5. Ordinarily, in the event of cessation of employment, unvested performance rights will lapse; however, this is subject to Board
   discretion, which may be exercised in circumstances including death and disability, retirement, redundancy or special circumstances;
6. When testing performance conditions, the Board has full discretion in relation to its calculation and to include or exclude items if
   appropriate, including to better reflect shareholder expectations or management performance;
7. Some or all of a participant’s performance rights may vest even if a performance condition has not been satisfied, if, using its
   discretion, the Board considers that to do so would be in the interests of the Group; and
8. If there is a change in control of the Group, the Board retains full discretion to vest or lapse some or all performance rights.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                                For the year ended 30 April 2026


                                7.2. Auditors remuneration
                                                                                                                                                     FY26                    FY25
                                                                                                                                                        $                       $
                                Amounts received or due and receivable by the auditor of the parent entity and any
                                other entity in the Group for:
                                –    Auditing the statutory financial report of the parent entity covering the Group                            2,426,000                2,725,000
                                     and the statutory financial report of any controlled entities
                                –    Fees for regulatory sustainability report assurance services                                                 110,000                      —
                                –    Fees for advisory services                                                                                        —                   34,000
                                –    Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon procedure services                                                   28,000                   6,000
                                –    Fees for tax compliance and other                                                                            183,000                 307,000
                                                                                                                                                2,747,000                3,072,000

                                7.3. Commitments and contingent liabilities

                                Commitments

                                Capital expenditure commitments
                                The Group had no material commitments for capital expenditure at 30 April 2026 (FY25: nil).

                                Contingent liabilities

                                                                                                                                                     FY26                    FY25
                                                                                                                                                      $m                      $m
                                Bank guarantees to third parties in respect of property lease obligations                                              8.0                     8.4
                                Bank guarantees in respect of Work Cover                                                                               2.0                     2.0


93                              Financial guarantee contracts
                                The Group has granted a financial guarantee contract relating to the bank loan of a joint venture, Adcome Pty Ltd (Cornetts). Under the
                                contract, the bank has the right to require Metcash to repay the debt under certain prescribed circumstances of default. The estimate of




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                the maximum amount payable in respect of the guarantee, if exercised, is $20.0 million (FY25: $25.0 million).
                                Had the guarantee been exercised at 30 April 2026, the amount payable would have been $10.2 million (FY25: $12.2 million). The fair
                                value of the financial guarantee contract at the reporting date was $0.2 million (FY25: $1.0 million) and is recognised as a financial
                                liability.

                                Put options
                                Put options, including in relation to Ritchies Stores Pty Ltd, are detailed along with other contingent liabilities in Note 5.3 of the
                                financial statements.

                                7.4. Subsequent events
                                There were no events that have occurred after the end of the financial year that would materially affect the reported results or would
                                require disclosure in this report.
Appendix A – new or amended accounting standards and interpretations



(a)   New or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations
There are no amendments and interpretations that apply for the first time in FY26 that have an impact on the financial report of the
Group.

(b)   Australian Accounting Standards issued but not yet effective


A number of new accounting standards (including amendments and interpretations) have been issued but were not effective as at
30 April 2026. The following are the pronouncements that the Group has elected not to early adopt in these financial statements:
− AASB 2024-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
− AASB 2025-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
− AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (effective from FY28)
The impacts of the above standards on the Group’s financial statements are still being considered.




                                                                                                                                       94




                                                                                                                                       Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Appendix B – Information on subsidiaries



                                Metcash Limited is the ultimate parent entity of the group. The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of
                                Metcash Limited and the Subsidiaries listed in the following table. All entities are incorporated in Australia except where specifically
                                identified.

                                                                                                  FY26   FY25                                                             FY26   FY25

                                                                                                     %     %                                                                %      %
                                 Entities within the Closed Group
                                 A.C.N. 683 745 888 Pty Limited                                    100    100   IGA Fresh (NSW) Pty Limited                                100    100
                                 A.C.N. 683 746 349 Pty Limited                                    100    100   IGA Retail Services Pty Limited                            100    100
                                 ACN 008 882 488 Pty Ltd (Formerly Action Supermarkets Pty Ltd)    100    100   Independent Brands Australia Pty Limited                   100    100
                                 ACN 674 863 855 Pty Ltd                                           100    100   Independent Hardware Group Pty Ltd                         100    100
                                 Action Holdings Pty Ltd                                           100    100   Interfrank Group Holdings Pty Limited                      100    100
                                 Action Supermarkets Pty Ltd (Formerly Metcash Food Retail Pty
                                                                                                   100      -   Jewel Food Stores Pty. Ltd.                                100    100
                                 Ltd)
                                 Alltools (Pakenham) Pty Ltd                                       100    100   JV Pub Group Pty Ltd                                       100    100
                                 Alpine Valley Hardware Pty Ltd (Formerly Australian Hardware
                                                                                                   100    100   K&B Timber and Hardware Pty Ltd                            100    100
                                 Support Services Pty Ltd)
                                 Australian Asia/Pacific Wholesalers Pty Ltd                       100    100   Karloo Holdings Pty Ltd                                    100    100
                                 Australian Hardware Distributors Pty. Limited                     100    100   Keithara Pty. Ltd.                                         100    100
                                 Australian Liquor Marketers (QLD) Pty Ltd                         100    100   Liquor Traders Pty. Ltd.                                   100    100
                                 Australian Liquor Marketers (WA) Pty Ltd                          100    100   Liquorsmart Pty Ltd                                        100    100
                                 Australian Liquor Marketers Pty. Limited                          100    100   M-C International Australia Pty Limited                    100    100
                                 BCS Whyalla Pty Ltd                                               100    100   Mega Property Management Pty. Ltd.                         100    100
                                 Benalla Hardware Pty Ltd (Formerly National Retail Support
                                                                                                   100    100   Metcash Food & Grocery Convenience Division Pty Limited    100    100
                                 Services Pty Ltd)
                                 Bianco Construction Supplies Pty Limited                          100    100   Metcash Food & Grocery Pty Ltd                             100    100
                                 Bianco Hardware Pty. Limited                                      100    100   Metcash Holdings Pty Ltd                                   100    100
                                 Big Bargain Bottleshops Australia Pty Ltd                         100    100   Metcash Limited                                            N/A    N/A
                                 Cado Tools Pty Ltd                                                100     60   Metcash Management Pty Limited                             100    100
                                 CampbellsPlus Pty Ltd                                             100    100   Metcash Services Proprietary Limited                       100    100
                                 Cantala Holdings Pty Ltd                                          100    100   Metcash Storage Pty Limited                                100    100
95                               Capeview Hardware Pty Ltd                                         100    100   Metcash Trading Limited                                    100    100
                                 City Ice & Cold Storage Company Proprietary Limited               100    100   Metro Cash and Carry Pty Limited                           100    100
                                 Clancy’s Food Stores Pty Ltd                                      100    100   Mirren (Australia) Pty. Ltd.                               100    100




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                 Community Co Australia Pty Ltd                                    100    100   Mitre 10 Australia Pty Ltd                                 100    100
                                 Composite Buyers Finance Pty. Ltd.                                100    100   Mitre 10 Mega Pty Ltd                                      100    100
                                 Composite Buyers Pty Limited                                      100    100   Mitre 10 Pty Ltd                                           100    100
                                 Danks Holdings Pty Limited                                        100    100   Mooloolah River Fisheries Pty Ltd                          100    100
                                 Davids Foodservices Pty Ltd                                       100    100   Narellan Hardware Pty Ltd                                  100    100
                                 Davids Group Staff Superannuation Fund Pty. Ltd.                  100    100   NFD Holdings Pty Ltd                                       100    100
                                 Echuca Hardware Pty Ltd                                           100    100   Payless Superbarn (N S W) Pty Ltd                          100    100
                                 Finlayson Installations Pty. Ltd.                                 100    100   Q.F.S. Holdings Pty Ltd                                    100    100
                                 Finlayson Timber & Hardware Pty. Ltd.                             100    100   QIW Pty Limited                                            100    100
                                 Foodland Properties Pty Ltd                                       100    100   Quality Food Services (Aust) Pty Ltd                       100    100
                                 Foodland Property Holdings Pty. Ltd.                              100    100   Queensland Independent Wholesalers Pty Limited             100    100
                                 Four Of Six Pty Ltd                                               100     60   Quickstop Pty Ltd                                          100    100
                                 Franklins Pty Limited                                             100    100   Retail Merchandise Services Pty. Limited                   100    100
                                 Franklins Supermarkets Pty Limited                                100    100   Roma Hardware Pty Ltd                                      100    100
                                 Fresco Supermarket Holdings Pty Ltd                               100    100   SE Hardware Pty Ltd                                        100    100
                                 Futura Machinery Sales and Service Pty. Ltd.                      100     80   Sealanes (1985) Pty Ltd                                    100    100
                                 G Gay Hardware Pty Ltd                                            100    100   SFG Finance Pty Ltd                                        100    100
                                 Garden Fresh Produce Pty Ltd                                      100    100   SFG Group Holdings Pty Ltd                                 100    100
                                 Girrawheen SPV Pty Ltd                                            100    100   South Coast Operations Pty Limited                         100    100
                                 Global Liquor Wholesalers Pty Limited                             100    100   South West Operations Pty Ltd                              100    100
                                 Global Meats (Australia) Pty Ltd                                  100    100   St. Boris Pty. Limited                                     100    100
                                 Global Meats Pty Ltd                                              100    100   Superior Food Group Pty Ltd                                100    100
                                 Hammer Hardware Stores Pty. Ltd.                                  100    100   T Tools Ballina Pty Ltd                                    100    100
                                 Hardings Hardware Pty. Ltd.                                       100    100   T Tools Launceston Pty Ltd                                 100     51
                                 Himaco Pty Ltd                                                    100    100   Tasmania Hardware Pty Ltd                                  100     95
                                 Home Hardware Australasia Pty Ltd                                 100    100   The Truss Company Pty Ltd                                  100    100
                                 Home Timber & Hardware Group Pty Ltd                              100    100   Thrifty-Link Hardware Pty. Ltd.                            100    100
                                 Homestead Hardware Australasia Pty. Ltd.                          100    100   Timberten Pty Ltd                                          100    100
                                 HTH Events Pty Ltd                                                100    100   Total Tools (Importing) Pty Ltd                            100    100
                                 HTH Stores Pty Limited                                            100    100   Total Tools Coffs Harbour Pty Ltd                          100    100
                                 Hudson Building Supplies Pty Limited                              100    100   Total Tools Commercial Pty Ltd                             100    100
                                 IGA Community Chest Limited                                       100    100   Total Tools Griffith Pty Ltd                               100    100
                                 IGA Distribution (SA) Pty Limited                                 100    100   Total Tools Holdings Pty Ltd                               100    100
                                 IGA Distribution (Vic) Pty Limited                                100    100   Total Tools Industrial Pty. Limited                        100    100
                                 IGA Distribution (WA) Pty Limited                                 100    100   Total Tools Licensing Pty Ltd                              100    100
                                 IGA Fresh (Northern Queensland) Pty Limited                       100    100   Total Tools Mitchell Pty Ltd                               100    100
Appendix B – Information on subsidiaries



                                                                     FY26    FY25                                                                            FY26    FY25
                                                                       %         %                                                                             %        %

     Total Tools Online Pty Ltd                                       100       100         TT Devonport Pty Ltd (Formerly A.C.N. 683 746 170 Pty Limited)    100      100
     Total Tools Qld 4115 Pty Ltd (Formerly A.C.N. 683 746 241 Pty    100       100
                                                                                            TT Gladstone Pty Ltd (Formerly ACN 674 863 846 Pty Ltd)           100      100
     Limited)
     Total Tools Qld 4205 Pty Ltd (Formerly A.C.N. 683 746 063 Pty    100       100
                                                                                            TT Seaford Pty Ltd                                                100       80
     Limited)
     Total Tools Springfield Pty Ltd                                  100       100         UIAL NSW/ACT Pty Ltd                                              100      100
     Total Tools Stores Pty Ltd                                       100       100         UIAL Tasmania Pty Ltd                                             100      100
     TT 8 Pty Ltd                                                     100       100         Vawn No. 3 Pty. Ltd.                                              100      100
     TT Adelaide West Pty Ltd                                         100       100         W.A. Hardware Services Pty. Limited                               100      100
     TT Brookvale Pty Ltd                                             100       100         Zircon (WA) Pty Ltd                                               100      100


     Entities outside the Closed Group
     Add Tools Pty Ltd                                                 51        51         Total Prefab Pty Ltd                                               70       67
     Card Tools Pty Ltd                                               92.5     92.5         Total Tools Alexandria Pty Ltd                                     51       51
     Central Timber 10 Pty Ltd                                         50        50         Total Tools Auburn Pty Ltd                                         51       51
     Fagg’s Group Pty Ltd                                              95        90         Total Tools Bathurst Pty Ltd                                       51       51
     Feldman Tools Pty. Ltd.                                          92.5     92.5         Total Tools Fyshwick Pty. Ltd.                                     80       80
     Foodland Property Unit Trust                                     100       100         Total Tools Lake Haven Pty Ltd                                     51       51
     Gympie Property Investments Pty Ltd                              84.7     84.7         Total Tools Moorabbin Store Pty Ltd                                87       87
     Hardware Property Trust                                          100       100         Total Tools Mt Waverley Pty Ltd                                    51       51
     Hollimans Rural Pty Ltd                                           75          -        Total Tools New Zealand Limited                                   100      100
     Inverted Tools Pty Ltd                                            51        51         Total Tools Preston Pty Ltd                                        87       87
     M P & Associates Pty Ltd 1                                       48.5     48.5         Total Tools Taylors Lakes Pty Ltd                                  51       51
     M&B Sales Pty Ltd                                                 50        50         Total Tools Wagga Wagga Pty Ltd                                    90       90
     McHawking Enterprises Pty Ltd                                     60        60         Total Tools Wodonga Pty Ltd                                        70       70
     Metcash Services Company Pty Ltd                                 100          -        TT Albury Pty Ltd                                                  80       80
     Metoz Holdings Limited (In liquidation)                          100       100         TT Brooklyn Pty Ltd                                                95       95
     Mincon Supplies Pty Ltd                                           65        65         TT Bundaberg Pty Ltd                                               70       70
     Mitre 10 Mega Property Trust                                     100       100         TT Cairns North Pty Ltd                                            70       70
     MOTS Support Services Pty Ltd                                     87        87         TT Cairns Pty Ltd                                                  70       70
                                                                                                                                                                               96
     Napier Liquor Merchants Limited                                  100       100         TT Dandenong Pty Ltd                                               87       87
     NFRF Developments Pty Ltd                                         51        51         TT Darwin Pty Ltd                                                  90       90




                                                                                                                                                                               Metcash Financial Report 2026
     Northern Hardware Group Pty Ltd                                  84.7     84.7         TT Ferntree Gully Pty Ltd                                          87       87
     Nu Fruit Pty. Ltd.                                                51        51         TT Geelong Pty. Ltd.                                               80       80
     Phar Management Pty Ltd                                           75        75         TT Kilsyth Pty Ltd                                                 87       87
     Prefab Unit Trust                                                 70        67         TT Mackay Pty Ltd                                                 92.5    92.5
     Produce Traders Trust                                            100       100         TT Melton Pty Ltd                                                  90       90
     Rainbow Unit Trust                                               100       100         TT Mitcham Pty Ltd                                                 87       87
     Rainfresh Vic Pty. Ltd.                                           51        51         TT Narre Warren Pty Ltd                                            87       87
     Sunshine Hardware Pty Ltd                                        84.7     84.7         TT Richmond Pty Ltd                                                87       87
     T Tools Sunbury Pty Ltd                                           51        51         TT Rockhampton Pty Ltd                                             70       70
     T Tools Tullamarine Pty Ltd                                       51        51         TT Rutherford Pty Ltd                                              89       89
     T Tools Warrnambool Pty Ltd                                       51        51         TT Sandgate Pty Ltd                                                89       89
     Tasman Liquor Company Limited                                    100       100         TT South Melbourne Pty. Ltd.                                       90       90
     Timber and Hardware Exchange Pty. Ltd.                           68.4     68.4         TT Traralgon Pty Ltd                                               87       87
     TJT Tools Pty Ltd                                                 51        51         TT Warners Bay Pty Ltd                                             89       89
     TMAC Penrith Pty Ltd                                              51        51         Virginia Tools Pty Ltd                                             60       60
     Total Prefab Investments Pty Ltd                                  70        67         Wimbledon Unit Trust                                              100      100




1.      The Group has an indirect ownership of 48.5% in this entity via its interest in Tasmania Hardware Pty Ltd. While the Group has beneficial ownership of less than
        50% of this entity, the Group has control over key operating and financial decisions of this entity. Accordingly, this entity has been accounted for as a controlled
        entity.


Entities within the closed group as at 30 April 2026
Certain controlled entities of Metcash Limited, collectively referred to as the ‘Closed Group’, are party to a Deed of Cross Guarantee
which meets the requirements of ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 (Instrument). Pursuant to the
Instrument, entities within the Closed Group that have lodged an opt-in notice with ASIC within the requisite time limits are granted
relief from standalone financial reporting and audit requirements of the Corporations Act 2001. Under the Deed of Cross Guarantee, the
entities within the Closed Group, including Metcash Limited, have guaranteed to pay any outstanding debts or claims in the event of a
winding up of any other entity within the Closed Group.
                                Appendix B – information on subsidiaries (continued)




                                Summary Statement of Comprehensive Income of the Closed Group
                                                                                                  FY26       FY25
                                                                                                   $m          $m
                                Distributions from subsidiaries outside the Closed Group            7.3       14.7
                                Other net income                                                 337.7      335.3
                                Significant items                                                   5.1        0.4
                                Profit before income tax                                         350.1      350.4
                                Income tax expense                                               (93.5)     (87.8)
                                Net profit for the year                                          256.6      262.6

                                Summary Statement of Financial Position of the Closed Group
                                                                                                  FY26       FY25
                                                                                                   $m         $m
                                Assets
                                Cash and cash equivalents                                           8.8       50.6
                                Trade receivables and loans                                     2,040.6    1,994.5
                                Lease receivables                                                  36.7       39.4
                                Amounts due from related parties                                     —        21.5
                                Inventories                                                     1,278.5    1,290.2
                                Other current assets                                                3.7        6.3
                                Total current assets                                            3,368.3    3,402.5
                                Investments                                                       501.5      476.4
                                Lease receivables                                                 159.2      172.9
                                Property, plant and equipment                                     358.0      316.6
                                Net deferred tax assets                                           116.5      117.5
97                              Intangible assets and goodwill                                  1,444.2    1,365.1
                                Right-of-use assets                                               641.9      662.4
                                Other non-current assets                                           11.6        9.8




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Total non-current assets                                        3,232.9    3,120.7
                                Total assets                                                    6,601.2    6,523.2
                                Liabilities
                                Trade and other payables                                        2,864.4    2,842.3
                                Lease liabilities                                                 157.3      133.5
                                Interest-bearing borrowings                                        98.3      263.3
                                Income tax payable                                                 33.1       23.1
                                Provisions                                                        143.7      144.8
                                Put options and other financial liabilities                        18.8       15.5
                                Total current liabilities                                       3,315.6    3,422.5
                                Interest-bearing borrowings                                       585.4      398.8
                                Lease liabilities                                                 884.2      953.4
                                Amounts due to related parties                                     32.9         —
                                Provisions                                                         37.7       31.2
                                Put options and other financial liabilities                        91.9      122.3
                                Total non-current liabilities                                   1,632.1    1,505.7
                                Total liabilities                                               4,947.7    4,928.2
                                Net assets                                                      1,653.5    1,595.0
                                Equity
                                Contributed equity                                              1,267.4    1,263.4
                                Retained earnings                                                 391.7      332.9
                                Other reserves                                                     (5.6)      (1.3)
                                Total equity                                                    1,653.5    1,595.0
Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement




                                                                          Country of     % of Share    Country of Tax
 Name of Entity                                        Type of Entity
                                                                        Incorporation   Capital Held     Residence

 Metcash Limited                                       Body Corporate     Australia         N/A          Australia
 A.C.N. 683 745 888 Pty Limited                        Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 A.C.N. 683 746 349 Pty Limited                        Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 ACN 008 882 488 Pty Ltd (Formerly Action
                                                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Supermarkets Pty Ltd)
 ACN 674 863 855 Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Action Holdings Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Action Supermarkets Pty Ltd (Formerly Metcash
 Food Retail Pty Ltd)                                  Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia

 Add Tools Pty Ltd                                     Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
 Alltools (Pakenham) Pty Ltd                           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Alpine Valley Hardware Pty Ltd (Formerly Australian
 Hardware Support Services Pty Ltd)                    Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia

 Australian Asia/Pacific Wholesalers Pty Ltd           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Australian Hardware Distributors Pty. Limited         Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Australian Liquor Marketers (QLD) Pty Ltd             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Australian Liquor Marketers (WA) Pty Ltd              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Australian Liquor Marketers Pty. Limited              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 BCS Whyalla Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Benalla Hardware Pty Ltd (Formerly National Retail
 Support Services Pty Ltd)                             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia

 Bianco Construction Supplies Pty Limited              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                                                                                                        98
 Bianco Hardware Pty. Limited                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Big Bargain Bottleshops Australia Pty Ltd             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia




                                                                                                                        Metcash Financial Report 2026
 Cado Tools Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 CampbellsPlus Pty Ltd                                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Cantala Holdings Pty Ltd                              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Capeview Hardware Pty Ltd                             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Card Tools Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate     Australia        92.5          Australia
 Central Timber 10 Pty Ltd                             Body Corporate     Australia         50           Australia
 City Ice & Cold Storage Company Proprietary Limited   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Clancy’s Food Stores Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Community Co Australia Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Composite Buyers Finance Pty. Ltd.                    Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Composite Buyers Pty Limited                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Danks Holdings Pty Limited                            Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Davids Foodservices Pty Ltd                           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Davids Group Staff Superannuation Fund Pty. Ltd.      Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Echuca Hardware Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Fagg’s Group Pty Ltd                                  Body Corporate     Australia         95           Australia
 Feldman Tools Pty. Ltd.                               Body Corporate     Australia        92.5          Australia
 Finlayson Installations Pty. Ltd.                     Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Finlayson Timber & Hardware Pty. Ltd.                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Foodland Properties Pty Ltd                           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Foodland Property Holdings Pty. Ltd.                  Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Foodland Property Unit Trust                              Trust            N/A             N/A          Australia
 Four Of Six Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Franklins Pty Limited                                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement




                                                                                                      Country of     % of Share    Country of Tax
                                 Name of Entity                                    Type of Entity   Incorporation   Capital Held     Residence

                                 Franklins Supermarkets Pty Limited                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Fresco Supermarket Holdings Pty Ltd               Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Futura Machinery Sales and Service Pty. Ltd.      Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 G Gay Hardware Pty Ltd                            Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Garden Fresh Produce Pty Ltd                      Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Girrawheen SPV Pty Ltd                            Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Global Liquor Wholesalers Pty Limited             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Global Meats (Australia) Pty Ltd                  Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Global Meats Pty Ltd                              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Gympie Property Investments Pty Ltd               Body Corporate     Australia        84.7          Australia
                                 Hammer Hardware Stores Pty. Ltd.                  Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Hardings Hardware Pty. Ltd.                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Hardware Property Trust                               Trust            N/A             N/A          Australia
                                 Himaco Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Hollimans Rural Pty Ltd                           Body Corporate     Australia         75           Australia
                                 Home Hardware Australasia Pty. Ltd.               Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Home Timber & Hardware Group Pty Ltd              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Homestead Hardware Australasia Pty. Ltd.          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 HTH Events Pty Ltd                                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                  99             HTH Stores Pty Limited                            Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Hudson Building Supplies Pty Limited              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                 IGA Community Chest Limited                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 IGA Distribution (SA) Pty Limited                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 IGA Distribution (Vic) Pty Limited                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 IGA Distribution (WA) Pty Limited                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 IGA Fresh (Northern Queensland) Pty Limited       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 IGA Fresh (NSW) Pty Limited                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 IGA Retail Services Pty Limited                   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Independent Brands Australia Pty Limited          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Independent Hardware Group Pty Ltd                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Interfrank Group Holdings Pty Limited             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Inverted Tools Pty Ltd                            Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Jewel Food Stores Pty. Ltd.                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 JV Pub Group Pty Ltd                              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 K&B Timber and Hardware Pty Ltd                   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Karloo Holdings Pty Ltd                           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Keithara Pty. Ltd.                                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Liquor Traders Pty. Ltd.                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Liquorsmart Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 M P & Associates Pty Ltd 1                        Body Corporate     Australia        48.5          Australia
                                 M&B Sales Pty Ltd                                 Body Corporate     Australia         50           Australia
                                 M-C International Australia Pty Limited           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 McHawking Enterprises Pty Ltd                     Body Corporate     Australia         60           Australia
                                 Mega Property Management Pty. Ltd.                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Metcash Food & Grocery Convenience Division Pty
                                 Limited                                           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia

                                 Metcash Food & Grocery Pty Ltd                    Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement




                                                                     Country of     % of Share    Country of Tax
 Name of Entity                                   Type of Entity   Incorporation   Capital Held     Residence

 Metcash Holdings Pty Ltd                         Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Metcash Management Pty Limited                   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Metcash Services Company Pty Ltd                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Metcash Services Proprietary Limited             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Metcash Storage Pty Limited                      Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Metcash Trading Limited                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Metoz Holdings Limited (In liquidation)          Body Corporate   South Africa        100          Australia
 Metro Cash and Carry Pty Limited                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Mincon Supplies Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         65           Australia
 Mirren (Australia) Pty. Ltd.                     Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Mitre 10 Australia Pty Ltd                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Mitre 10 Mega Property Trust                         Trust            N/A             N/A          Australia
 Mitre 10 Mega Pty Ltd                            Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Mitre 10 Pty Ltd                                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Mooloolah River Fisheries Pty Ltd                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 MOTS Support Services Pty Ltd                    Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
 Napier Liquor Merchants Limited                  Body Corporate   New Zealand         100         New Zealand
 Narellan Hardware Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 NFD Holdings Pty Ltd                             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 NFRF Developments Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia      100
 Northern Hardware Group Pty Ltd                  Body Corporate     Australia        84.7          Australia




                                                                                                                   Metcash Financial Report 2026
 Nu Fruit Pty. Ltd.                               Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
 Payless Superbarn (N S W) Pty Ltd                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Phar Management Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         75           Australia
 Prefab Unit Trust                                    Trust            N/A             N/A          Australia
 Produce Traders Trust                                Trust            N/A             N/A          Australia
 Q.F.S. Holdings Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 QIW Pty Limited                                  Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Quality Food Services (Aust) Pty Ltd             Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Queensland Independent Wholesalers Pty Limited   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Quickstop Pty Ltd                                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Rainbow Unit Trust                                   Trust            N/A             N/A          Australia
 Rainfresh Vic Pty. Ltd.                          Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
 Retail Merchandise Services Pty. Limited         Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Roma Hardware Pty Ltd                            Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 SE Hardware Pty Ltd                              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Sealanes (1985) Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 SFG Finance Pty Ltd                              Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 SFG Group Holdings Pty Ltd                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 South Coast Operations Pty Limited               Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 South West Operations Pty Ltd                    Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 St. Boris Pty. Limited                           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Sunshine Hardware Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate     Australia        84.7          Australia
 Superior Food Group Pty Ltd                      Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 T Tools Ballina Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 T Tools Launceston Pty Ltd                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement




                                                                                                        Country of     % of Share    Country of Tax
                                 Name of Entity                                      Type of Entity   Incorporation   Capital Held     Residence

                                 T Tools Sunbury Pty Ltd                             Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 T Tools Tullamarine Pty Ltd                         Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 T Tools Warrnambool Pty Ltd                         Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Tasman Liquor Company Limited                       Body Corporate   New Zealand         100         New Zealand
                                 Tasmania Hardware Pty Ltd                           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 The Truss Company Pty Ltd                           Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Thrifty-Link Hardware Pty. Ltd.                     Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Timber and Hardware Exchange Pty. Ltd.              Body Corporate     Australia        68.4          Australia
                                 Timberten Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 TJT Tools Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 TMAC Penrith Pty Ltd                                Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Total Prefab Investments Pty Ltd                    Body Corporate     Australia         70           Australia
                                 Total Prefab Pty Ltd                                Body Corporate     Australia         70           Australia
                                 Total Tools (Importing) Pty Ltd                     Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Alexandria Pty Ltd                      Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Total Tools Auburn Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Total Tools Bathurst Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Total Tools Coffs Harbour Pty Ltd                   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Commercial Pty Ltd                      Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 101                             Total Tools Fyshwick Pty. Ltd.                      Body Corporate     Australia         80           Australia
                                 Total Tools Griffith Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                 Total Tools Holdings Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Industrial Pty. Limited                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Lake Haven Pty Ltd                      Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Total Tools Licensing Pty Ltd                       Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Mitchell Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Moorabbin Store Pty Ltd                 Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
                                 Total Tools Mt Waverley Pty Ltd                     Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Total Tools New Zealand Limited                     Body Corporate   New Zealand         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Online Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Preston Pty Ltd                         Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
                                 Total Tools Qld 4115 Pty Ltd (Formerly A.C.N. 683
                                 746 241 Pty Limited)                                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Qld 4205 Pty Ltd (Formerly A.C.N. 683
                                 746 063 Pty Limited)                                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia

                                 Total Tools Springfield Pty Ltd                     Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Stores Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 Total Tools Taylors Lakes Pty Ltd                   Body Corporate     Australia         51           Australia
                                 Total Tools Wagga Wagga Pty Ltd                     Body Corporate     Australia         90           Australia
                                 Total Tools Wodonga Pty Ltd                         Body Corporate     Australia         70           Australia
                                 TT 8 Pty Ltd                                        Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 TT Adelaide West Pty Ltd                            Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 TT Albury Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate     Australia         80           Australia
                                 TT Brooklyn Pty Ltd                                 Body Corporate     Australia         95           Australia
                                 TT Brookvale Pty Ltd                                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                 TT Bundaberg Pty Ltd                                Body Corporate     Australia         70           Australia
                                 TT Cairns North Pty Ltd                             Body Corporate     Australia         70           Australia
Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement




                                                                         Country of     % of Share    Country of Tax
 Name of Entity                                       Type of Entity   Incorporation   Capital Held     Residence

 TT Cairns Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate     Australia         70           Australia
 TT Dandenong Pty Ltd                                 Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
 TT Darwin Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate     Australia         90           Australia
 TT Devonport Pty Ltd (Formerly A.C.N. 683 746 170
 Pty Limited)                                         Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia

 TT Ferntree Gully Pty Ltd                            Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
 TT Geelong Pty. Ltd.                                 Body Corporate     Australia         80           Australia
 TT Gladstone Pty Ltd (Formerly ACN 674 863 846 Pty
 Ltd)                                                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia

 TT Kilsyth Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
 TT Mackay Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate     Australia        92.5          Australia
 TT Melton Pty Ltd                                    Body Corporate     Australia         90           Australia
 TT Mitcham Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
 TT Narre Warren Pty Ltd                              Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
 TT Richmond Pty Ltd                                  Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia
 TT Rockhampton Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate     Australia         70           Australia
 TT Rutherford Pty Ltd                                Body Corporate     Australia         89           Australia
 TT Sandgate Pty Ltd                                  Body Corporate     Australia         89           Australia
 TT Seaford Pty Ltd                                   Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 TT South Melbourne Pty. Ltd.                         Body Corporate     Australia         90           Australia
 TT Traralgon Pty Ltd                                 Body Corporate     Australia         87           Australia      102
 TT Warners Bay Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate     Australia         89           Australia
 UIAL NSW/ACT Pty Ltd                                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia




                                                                                                                       Metcash Financial Report 2026
 UIAL Tasmania Pty Ltd                                Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Vawn No. 3 Pty. Ltd.                                 Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Virginia Tools Pty Ltd                               Body Corporate     Australia         60           Australia
 W.A. Hardware Services Pty. Limited                  Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
 Wimbledon Unit Trust                                     Trust            N/A             N/A          Australia
 Zircon (WA) Pty Ltd                                  Body Corporate     Australia         100          Australia
                                Directors’ declaration




                                In accordance with a resolution of the directors of Metcash Limited, I state that:
                                1. In the opinion of the directors:
                                    a. The financial statements, notes and the additional disclosures included in the Directors’ Report designated as audited, of
                                       Metcash Limited are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                       i.   Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 April 2026 and of its performance for the
                                            year ended on that date; and
                                      ii.   Complying with Accounting Standards (including the Australian Accounting Interpretations) and Corporations Regulations
                                            2001;
                                    b. The financial statements and notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in Note 2.1; and
                                    c. There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                                       payable.
                                    d. The consolidated entity disclosure statement as at 30 April 2026 required by subsection 295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 is
                                       true and correct.
                                2. This declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the directors in accordance with section
                                   295A of the Corporations Act 2001 for the financial year ended 30 April 2026.
                                3. In the opinion of the directors, as at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the
                                   Closed Group identified in Appendix B will be able to meet any obligation or liabilities to which they are or may become subject to,
                                   by virtue of the Deed of Cross Guarantee.


                                On behalf of the Board




 103




Metcash Financial Report 2026
                                Doug Jones
                                Managing Director and CEO
                                Sydney, 22 June 2026
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                            200 George Street                     Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                            Sydney NSW 2000 Australia             ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of Metcash Limited
As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Metcash Limited and for the review of the
selective sustainability information in the sustainability report for the financial year ended 30 April
2026, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

a.    No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
      relation to the audit and review;

b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit and
      review; and

c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
      relation to the audit and review.

This declaration is in respect of Metcash Limited and the entities it controlled during the financial
year.




Ernst & Young




Katrina Zdrilic
Partner
22 June 2026




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                            200 George Street                     Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                            Sydney NSW 2000 Australia             ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




Independent auditor’s report to the members of Metcash Limited

Report on the audit of the financial report
Opinion
We have audited the financial report of Metcash Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
(collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
April 2026, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, notes to the financial
statements, including material accounting policy information, the consolidated entity disclosure
statement and the directors’ declaration.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
Act 2001, including:

a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 April 2026
      and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to audits of the financial
report of public interest entities in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit
addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
financial report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying financial report.



A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Impairment assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets
 Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 At 30 April 2026, the Group’s consolidated                          Our audit procedures included the following:
 statement of financial position includes goodwill                   ►     Assessed the Group’s determination of the
 and other intangible assets with a carrying value                         cash generating units (CGUs) used in the
 $1,546.5 million, representing 22.1% of total                             impairment model, based on our
 assets. The Group recognised $55.1 million in                             understanding of the nature of the Group’s
 goodwill arising from business acquisitions                               business and the economic environment in
 during the year.                                                          which the CGUs operate. We also
 The directors have assessed goodwill and other                            considered internal reporting of the Group’s
 intangible assets for impairment. As disclosed                            results to assess how earnings and goodwill
 within Note 4.7 to the financial statements, the                          are monitored and reported.
 assessment of the impairment of the Group’s                         ►     Assessed the Group’s allocation of
 goodwill and other intangible assets                                      additional goodwill arising from business
 incorporated significant judgments and                                    combinations to CGUs used in the
 estimates, based upon conditions existing as at                           impairment model.
 30 April 2026, specifically concerning factors
                                                                     ►     Assessed the cash flow forecasts,
 such as forecast cashflows, discount rates and
                                                                           assumptions and estimates used by the
 terminal growth rates.
                                                                           Group, as outlined in Note 4.7 to the
 The estimates and assumptions relate to the                               financial statements, by considering the
 sustainability of future performance, market and                          reliability of the Group’s historical cash flow
 economic conditions. Significant assumptions                              forecasts, our knowledge of the business
 used in the impairment testing referred to above                          and corroborating data with external
 are inherently subjective.                                                information where possible.
 The disclosures in the financial report provide                     ►     Evaluated the appropriateness of discount
 important information about the assumptions                               and terminal growth rates applied with
 made in the impairment testing and the market                             involvement from our valuation specialists.
 conditions at 30 April 2026.
                                                                     ►     Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
 Accordingly, we considered the impairment                                 impairment testing models including the
 testing of goodwill and other intangible assets                           consistency of relevant data with latest
 and the related disclosures in the financial                              Board approved forecasts.
 report to be a key audit matter.
                                                                     ►     Performed sensitivity analysis on key
                                                                           assumptions including growth rates
                                                                           (including terminal growth rates) and
                                                                           discount rates, for each of the Group’s
                                                                           CGUs.
                                                                     ►     Assessed the adequacy of the financial
                                                                           report disclosures contained in Note 4.7.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Accounting for Supplier Rebates
 Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 Note 4.3 of the financial report outlines the                       Our audit procedures included the following:
 Group’s accounting policy relating to supplier                      ►     Evaluated the Group's design of controls
 rebates, or supplier rebate income as it is                               relating to the recognition, measurement
 referred to in the financial report.                                      and classification of supplier rebate income
 The Group receives rebates and other similar                              amounts recognised within the consolidated
 incentives from suppliers which are determined                            statement of comprehensive income.
 based upon a number of measures which can
                                                                     ►     Assessed the operating effectiveness of
 include volumes of inventory purchased or sold
                                                                           relevant controls relating to the recognition
 and the performance of promotional activities.
                                                                           and measurement of selected purchase-
 We considered this to be a key audit matter                               volume based rebates.
 given the value of rebates received from
 suppliers and their contribution to the Group’s                     ►     Selected a sample of non purchase-volume
 results, and given the large number of supplier                           based and purchase-volume based rebates,
 agreements in place. There is some judgement                              and determined whether the rebates were
 required to be applied in determining the timing                          calculated in accordance with the agreed
 of rebate recognition.                                                    terms and assessed whether the timing and
                                                                           value of amounts recognised were in
                                                                           accordance with the requirements of
                                                                           Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                     ►     Selected a sample of supplier rebates
                                                                           recorded as receivables at year end and
                                                                           assessed whether the supplier rebate
                                                                           income was correctly calculated and
                                                                           recognised in the correct period.
                                                                     ►     Evaluated the Group’s assessment of the
                                                                           value of supplier rebates associated with
                                                                           inventory on hand at year end that were
                                                                           deducted from the carrying value of
                                                                           inventory.
                                                                     ►     Assessed the impact of supplier claims
                                                                           during and subsequent to year end on
                                                                           amounts recognised.
                                                                     ►     Inquired of the Group as to the existence of
                                                                           any non-standard agreements or side
                                                                           arrangements.



Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Group’s 2026 annual report other than the financial report and our
auditor’s report thereon. We obtained the directors’ report and the sustainability report that are to be
included in the annual report, prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and we expect to obtain the
remaining sections of the annual report after the date of this auditor’s report.


A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
and our related assurance opinion.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information obtained prior to the date of this
auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:

►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
      and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
      2001; and

►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
      Corporations Act 2001; and

for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
      and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
      whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

►     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
      detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
      error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.

►     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

►     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

►     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
      events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
      our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
      to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
      cease to continue as a going concern.

►     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
      disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events
      in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

►     Plan and perform the Group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
      financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
      opinion on the Group financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
      review of the audit work performed for the purposes of the Group audit. We remain solely
      responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
Opinion on the Remuneration Report
We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 15 to 33 of the directors’ report for the
year ended 30 April 2026.

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Metcash Limited for the year ended 30 April 2026,
complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

Responsibilities
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




Ernst & Young




Katrina Zdrilic
Partner
Sydney
22 June 2026




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
