             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019




WHAT IT
TAKES
TO DELIVER
Our business at a glance




  We are a leading strategic bottling partner
  of The Coca-Cola Company, bringing beverage
  brands to life in 28 countries on three continents.
  Our vision is to be the leading 24/7 beverage
  partner, growing with our customers by ensuring
  that we have a beverage for each consumer
  moment around the clock.


  Our commitment to sustainability
  After years of embedding sustainability, our
  CSR strategy today is a business imperative
  and integral to our decision-making and targets.
  We are ranked as Europe’s most sustainable
  beverage company by the Dow Jones Sustainability
  Index and are ranked amongst the top performers
  on other ESG benchmarks such as CDP Climate
  and Water, MSCI ESG, and FTSE4Good. Read
  more about what we are doing to achieve our
  sustainability agenda and how we measure our
  performance on pages 48-49.




  Our people
  We’re a company of over 28,000 diverse,
  talented colleagues. We share a passion
  for serving our customers, developing
  our people and delivering more for all
  our stakeholders.




  28,389
  Employees
Where we operate
Our geographic footprint spans from the West Coast of Ireland
to the Pacific coast of Russia; from Northern Europe to our most
southerly market, Nigeria. This combination of countries creates
a unique and diverse balance. We benefit from operating in growth
markets with significant opportunities to increase the per-capita
consumption of our products, while also maintaining a leading
presence in established markets.




                                                                    Established markets
                                                                    +1.3%
                                                                    Currency-neutral revenue growth 2019


                                                                    10.2%
                                                                    Comparable EBIT margin 2019


                                                                    Developing markets
                                                                    +4.2%
                                                                    Currency-neutral revenue growth 2019


                                                                    10.8%
                                                                    Comparable EBIT margin 2019


                                                                    Emerging markets
                                                                    +7.1%         (+5.6% excl. Bambi)
                                                                    Currency-neutral revenue growth 2019


                                                                    11.3%        (11.0% excl. Bambi)
                                                                    Comparable EBIT margin 2019



                                 28 3
                                 Countries   Continents


Our 24/7 portfolio
Our portfolio is the strongest, broadest and most
flexible in the beverage industry. Our products
cater to a growing range of tastes with a wider
choice of healthier options, premium products
and increasingly sustainable packaging, giving us
an undisputed ability to delight consumers
across all consumption occasions.

More than


100
brands across eight categories
2019 highlights

VOLUME (m unit cases)                                         NET SALES REVENUE (€m)


2,265
2018: 2,192
                                                              7,026
                                                              2018: 6,657


COMPARABLE EBIT (€m)                                          COMPARABLE EBIT MARGIN (%)


759
2018: 681
                                                              10.8
                                                              2018: 10.2


COMPARABLE NET PROFIT1,2 (€m)                                 NET PROFIT2 (€m)


522
2018: 480
                                                              487
                                                              2018: 447


COMPARABLE EPS1 (€)                                           BASIC EPS (€)


1.436
2018: 1.306
                                                              1.340
                                                              2018: 1.216




PRIMARY PACKAGING COLLECTED                                   CARBON EMISSIONS INTENSITY REDUCED
FOR RECYCLING (EQUIVALENT)                                    ACROSS THE VALUE CHAIN


48%
2018: 48%
                                                              31%
                                                              2018: 25%

1. For details on APMs, refer to the Alternative
   performance measures section.
2. Net profit and comparable net profit refer to net profit
   and comparable net profit respectively after tax
   attributable to owners of the parent.




                                                                   Watch our video and learn more at
                                                                   https://coca-colahellenic.com/en/
                                                                   investors/2019-integrated-annual-report/
                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019            1
                                                                                                                                SR

                                                                                                                                CG

                                                                                                                                FS

                                                                                                                                SSR



We have set out to deliver                                                   Contents                                           SI




more for all of our                                                          Strategic Report
                                                                             12     Our purpose and strategy

stakeholders through our                                                     14
                                                                             16
                                                                             19
                                                                                    Chairman’s letter
                                                                                    Our business model
                                                                                    Our stakeholders

new strategy, targets and                                                    20
                                                                             22
                                                                                    Market review
                                                                                    Chief Executive Officer’s letter


vision. Achieving our goals
                                                                             24     Growth Story 2025
                                                                             26     Leverage our unique 24/7 portfolio
                                                                             30     Win in the marketplace

is made possible by our bold                                                 34     Fuel growth through
                                                                                    competitiveness and investment


approach to products and
                                                                             38     Cultivate the potential of our people
                                                                             42     Earn our licence to operate
                                                                             46     Key performance indicators

portfolio strategy, route to                                                 48
                                                                             50
                                                                                    Sustainability performance
                                                                                    Tackling the problem of plastic


market, passionate people,
                                                                             54     Managing risk and materiality
                                                                             66     Financial review
                                                                             70     Segment highlights

innovative thinking and                                                      72     Non-financial reporting directive

                                                                             Corporate Governance

commitment to responsible,                                                   76     Chairman’s introduction to corporate
                                                                                    governance


sustainable practices
                                                                             80     Board of Directors
                                                                             84     Corporate Governance Report
                                                                             108    Directors’ Remuneration Report

throughout our Company.                                                      129    Statement of Directors’
                                                                                    Responsibilities

                                                                             Financial Statements
                                                                             131    Independent auditor’s report
                                                                             137    Financial statements
                                                                             143    Notes to the consolidated financial
                                                                                    statements

                                                                             Swiss Statutory Reporting
                                                                             200    Report of the statutory auditor
                                                                                    on Coca‑Cola HBC AG’s
About our report                                                                    consolidated financial statements
The 2019 Integrated Annual Report (‘Annual Report’) consolidates             206    Report of the statutory auditor
Coca‑Cola HBC AG’s UK and Swiss disclosure requirements while                       on Coca‑Cola HBC AG’s financial
meeting the disclosure requirements for its secondary listing on the                statements
Athens Exchange and the sustainability reporting standards. For more         209    Coca‑Cola HBC AG’s financial
information about our Integrated Annual Report, see page 236.                       statements
                                                                             221    Report of the statutory auditor
                                                                                    on the remuneration report
                                                                             222    Statutory Remuneration Report
   Throughout the 2019 Integrated Annual Report, we have
   identified areas which are relevant to each of our five growth pillars.   Supplementary Information
   These are indicated through the following icons:                          226    Alternative Performance Measures
         LEVERAGE OUR UNIQUE 24/7 PORTFOLIO                                  230    Assurance statement
    1    go to pages 26-29                                                   233    Shareholder information
         WIN IN THE MARKETPLACE                                              234    Glossary
    2    go to pages 30-33
         FUEL GROWTH THROUGH COMPETITIVENESS & INVESTMENT
    3    go to pages 34-37
         CULTIVATE THE POTENTIAL OF OUR PEOPLE
    4    go to pages 38-41
         EARN OUR LICENCE TO OPERATE
    5    go to pages 42-45
2   COCA-COLA HBC
                                           INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   3
                                                                               SR

                                                                               CG

Our portfolio lies at the heart of our future growth plans.                    FS
As the strongest, broadest and most flexible in the industry
it caters to a growing range of tastes and preferences.                        SSR


With over 100 brands, covering eight categories, we have                       SI

evolved our offering dramatically in the past two decades
as we have innovated and shifted into new and exciting
brands and categories. Each category has a unique strategy
targeted at driving profitable growth.
We are seeing strong growth in our low-and no-sugar variants, in line
with our sustainability strategy, which includes reducing calories by 25%
in the sparkling category over 10 years to 2025. Alongside that, we have
increased our focus on premiumisation through accelerating the adult
sparkling segment, adding premium water and juice offerings, introducing
new products such as Coca-Cola Energy and exploring new categories,
such as plant-based beverages with AdeZ. We consider coffee to be
a highly promising category and The Coca-Cola Company’s acquisition
of Costa Coffee is an exciting opportunity in the years ahead.
     Read more about how we are leveraging
     our unique 24/7 portfolio on pages 26-29.




                    IT TAKES BEING




                 WITH CONSUMER
                     CHOICE
4    COCA-COLA HBC




                                          IT TAKES BEING




                                IN THE MARKETPLACE

Our route-to-market strategy ensures
that we create value for our customers
by ensuring that the right outlets receive
the right beverages, in the right pack,
in the right quantities, at the right time
and at the right price.
In line with our improving portfolio, we are continuously
strengthening our route to market and partnering with
our customers to bring our 24/7 portfolio into the
hands of our consumers faster and with greater
efficiency. Our route to market is increasingly
segmented to offer more customer service options,
aiming to capture the full potential of each individual
outlet rather than just the channel. At the same time
the broader portfolio requires greater sales force
specialisation, with dedicated teams for the premium                                                                                    CLUBS
Hotels, restaurants and cafes (HoReCa) channel for
                                                                                                                                       RESTAUR
example, and this is an important part of how we                                                                                              ANTS
                                                                                                                                                   & BA
activate these great brands in the market.                                                                                             HOTELS          RS

     Read more about how we win                                                                                              AT WORK
     in the marketplace on pages 30-33.
                                                                                                                       CONVENIENCE

                                                                                                                                  KIOSKS

                                                                                                                    SUPERMARKETS

                                                                                                                  PETROL STATIONS
                                                                                                                                      Meals a
                                                                                                     g out                                    t hom
                                                                                                 atin                                              e
                                                                                            its E                                                            My
                                                                                         hab                                                                    m
                                                                                            e
                                                                                      ine m                                                                  at om
                                                                                    ut ho                                                                       ho e
                                                                                                                                                                  m n
                                                                                  Ro at                                                                            e            ts
                                                                      At
                                                                         sc
                                                                           ho
                                                                             ol
                                                                                                                                            EA                                               out
                                                                                                                Y                                RL                                      ing
                                                                                                              DA
                                                                                                                                                   Y                                   ng
                                                            At w                                                                                                                     Ha
                                                                ork
                                                                                                          D                                         EV
                                                                                                      MI
                                                                                                                                                        EN
                                                                                                                                                        ING




                                                            Sn a ck
                                                                                                                                                        G
                                                                                                                                                        IN
                                                                                                      MO
                                                              ti m e
                                                                                                                                                    EN                                    me
                                                                                                          RN
                                                                                                               IN                                 V
                                                                                                                                                    E                                   n ti
                                                                                i                                   G                        TE
                                                                             iv
                                                                           ct m
                                                                                                                                           LA                                        re e
                                                                        l a ho
                                                                                                                                                                                     Sc
                                                                    i ca m
                                                                  ys o
                                                                Ph ay fr          ty
                                                                 aw           e
                                                                                                                                                                            ut
                                                                                                                                                                                o
                                                                                       O                                                                                    g
                                                                                           nt
                                                                                                he                                                              in   ki n
                                                                                                     go                                                      Dr
                                                                                                              B re a                           s in g
                                                                                                                       k fa s t        Socialime
                                                                                                                                        at h o
INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   5
                                    SR

                                    CG

                                    FS

                                    SSR

                                    SI
6   COCA-COLA HBC
                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        7
                                                                           SR

                                                                           CG

                                                                           FS

                                                                           SSR

         To ensure our business is fit for the future,                     SI
         we are transforming and digitalising many of
         our supply chain and sales execution processes.
         Innovation helps us become more customer-centric.
         Our sales force automation tool embeds the latest
         technology into a single user-friendly solution that enables
         our sales people to make customer-specific suggestions
         of products and quantities, and track performance and
         execution in real time. At the same time, we are building
         a network of connected coolers that produce significantly
         lower emissions, while maximising performance by tracking
         door openings and inventory and undertaking automatic
         stocking and ordering. These ‘smart coolers’ connect
         directly to the sales person’s device, freeing up time to
         spend with the customer.
         We are also applying innovation to our manufacturing and
         logistics to expand our technical capabilities while ensuring
         productivity and cost savings.
         Innovative approaches to manufacturing are helping us
         manage growth at our mega plants while consuming less
         energy and water. New, automatic line changeovers
         reduce idle production time and free up volume capacity,
         effectively expanding our production line capacity by nearly
         1% per year. These lines support smaller runs of new
         products, helping us supply niche market segments and
         respond to rapidly changing consumer preferences.
         And in the warehouse, new augmented reality technology
         helps us manage the complexity of our expanded 24/7
         portfolio. The technology aids our warehouse colleagues
         in pulling inventory from stock and packing it for customer
         delivery, enhancing the speed and accuracy of our service.
              Read more about how we are fuelling growth
              through efficiency on pages 34-37.




IT TAKES HAVING




 OPERATIONS
8    COCA-COLA HBC




We are creating a more sustainable business
that makes a positive impact on our people,
our communities and our planet.
This begins by nurturing and cultivating
the talent of our people. Our Company is
made up of over 28,000 diverse, passionate
professionals who are all committed to
achieving long-term, sustainable success.
We introduced a new set of comprehensive sustainability
targets in 2018, called Mission 2025. We report on our
progress towards these goals on pages 48-49.
This includes an update on our journey to a World Without
Waste, the Coca-Cola System’s commitment to tackle
the challenges of packaging waste, in particular plastics.
     Read more about how we cultivate the potential of our
     people and earn our licence to operate on pages 38-45.




            IT TAKES BEING




     TO OUR PEOPLE AND
      OUR COMMUNITIES
INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   9
                                    SR

                                    CG

                                    FS

                                    SSR

                                    SI
10    COCA-COLA HBC




                                                                IT TAKES HAVING A




                                                                 FOR THE FUTURE


Our vision is to be the leading 24/7 beverage
partner – growing with our customers by
ensuring that we have a beverage for every
consumer moment around the clock.
This vision can only be achieved by leveraging our 24/7
portfolio, which is the strongest, broadest and most
flexible in the industry. With over 100 brands covering eight
categories – sparkling, water, juices, ready-to-drink tea,
energy, plant-based, premium spirits and coffee – we
have more opportunities to help our customers delight
consumers than ever before, by providing the brands
and drinks people want, when and where they want them.
INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   11
                                     SR

                                     CG

                                     FS

                                     SSR

                                     SI
12   COCA-COLA HBC




Our purpose and strategy



We will deliver on our vision through
a clear purpose and strategy
To deliver on our vision of being the leading 24/7 beverage partner, we introduced
a new strategy in 2019. Growth Story 2025 gives us a roadmap to grow with our
customers and to delight consumers across our 28 markets, around the clock.
We do this by empowering our people and building trust by operating our business
responsibly and sustainably.




Our purpose                                       Our growth pillars


                     We are devoted to
                     growing every customer
                     and delighting every
                     consumer 24/7
                                                    1           LEVERAGE OUR
                                                                UNIQUE 24/7 PORTFOLIO
                                                                       Read more on pages 26-29.




                                                    2           WIN IN THE
                                                                MARKETPLACE
                                                                       Read more on pages 30-33.




                                                    3
                                   By nurturing
                                   passionate &                 FUEL GROWTH THROUGH
                                   empowered                    COMPETITIVENESS & INVESTMENT
                                   teams
                                   of people                           Read more on pages 34-37.




                                                    4           CULTIVATE THE POTENTIAL
                                                                OF OUR PEOPLE
                                                                       Read more on pages 38-41.
                     While enriching our



                                                    5
                     communities & caring
                     for the environment                        EARN OUR LICENCE
                                                                TO OPERATE
                                                                       Read more on pages 42-45.



                                                     Our Growth Mindset Values
                                                     WINNING WITH CUSTOMERS              NURTURING OUR PEOPLE
                                                     We are the selling organisation     We believe in our people,
                                                     devoted to providing innovative     and have a passion to develop
                                                     solutions to create shared value    ourselves and others



                                                            Read more about our values
                                                            on pages 38-41.
                                                                                                                           INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      13
                                                                                                                                                                   SR

                                                                                                                                                                   CG

                                                                                                                                                                   FS

                                                                                                                                                                   SSR

                                                                                                                                                                   SI




Built on five key pillars of growth, each of which is a core strength or competitive
advantage, our 2025 strategy is underpinned by new Growth Mindset Values and
guided by ambitious targets. This plan to achieve our vision reflects the significant
opportunities ahead that will help us deliver growth and value for our Company
and all of our stakeholders.




How we grow                                                                                                                2021-2025 targets


• Offer the best 24/7 beverage portfolio on the planet
  in partnership with The Coca-Cola Company
                                                                                                                                   5-6%
                                                                                                                               FX-neutral revenue growth
                                                                                                                                 per annum, on average



• Build unrivalled teams of true partners for our customers,
  executing with excellence in every channel for prioritised
  drinking moments
• Fast-forward critical capabilities for growth
                                                                                                                                  20-40bps
                                                                                                                                  EBIT margin growth
                                                                                                                                 per annum, on average
• Transform, innovate and digitalise our business to ensure
  that we are fit for the future



                                                                                                                                   Employee
• Invest in building the best teams in the industry                                                                               engagement
• Develop an inclusive growth culture around our                                                                                 score greater than the
                                                                                                                                 high-performing norm
  empowered people




• Be an environmental leader, engage our communities
  behind water and waste initiatives, and empower youth,                                                                           Accomplish
  together with our partners                                                                                                   Mission 2025 sustainability
                                                                                                                                     commitments




EXCELLENCE                   INTEGRITY                        LEARNING                     PERFORMING AS ONE
We strive for unparalleled   We always do what is right,      We listen, have a natural    We collaborate with agility
performance by amazing       not just what is easy, and are   curiosity to learn and are   to unlock the unique strength
customers with our passion   accountable for the results      empowered to take            of diverse teams
and speed                                                     smart risks


                                                                                                                                     Read more about our Growth
                                                                                                                                     Story 2025 on pages 24-25.
14   COCA-COLA HBC




Chairman’s letter


                     Dear Stakeholder,
                     Our strong growth and the significant
                     progress we delivered toward our goals in
                     2019 reflect the successful implementation
                     of Coca-Cola HBC’s ambitious strategy.
                     This was achieved despite the challenge
                     of unfavourable weather in many of
                     our markets.
                     We set the stage during the year for further
                     improvements to our Company’s long-term
                     competitiveness and future growth.
                     Our Board’s independence and diverse range
                     of skills are complemented by the stability
                     and truly long-term focus of our two majority
                     shareholders. This keeps our focus on
                     delivery not just in the current year but in
                     building the conditions for success over the
                     next five, 10 and 50 years.

                     Growth Story 2025
                     In 2016, we introduced a bold strategy,
                     with 2020 targets, based on a vision to be the
                     undisputed beverage leader in every market
                     in which we compete. Aiming for further
                     growth and success, the Board approved a
                     new strategy in 2019 with new 2025 targets,
                     in the context of an updated purpose
                     and vision.
                     These targets include measures on
                     financial results, people engagement and
                     sustainability commitments. The entire
                     Board is in agreement that achievement in
                     each of these areas is crucial. With the
                     ambition to be the leading 24/7 beverage
                     partner, we have reinforced our commitment
                     to delight consumers while creating growth
                     and value for our Company, our partners,
                     and all of our key stakeholders.
                     The Board of Directors has worked to
                     ensure that the new strategy and targets
                     reflect our ongoing engagement with
                     stakeholders, including the communities
                     in which we operate.




                     “      AIMING FOR
                            FURTHER GROWTH
                            AND SUCCESS, THE


     A clear focus
                            BOARD APPROVED
                            A NEW STRATEGY IN
                            2019 WITH NEW 2025

     for the year           TARGETS, IN THE
                            CONTEXT OF AN

     ahead                  UPDATED PURPOSE
                            AND VISION.”
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        15
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

A more dynamic operating environment and          This effort is backed by a strategic €15 million   Dividend                                            SI
ambitious growth strategy also requires that      investment in KeelClip packaging technology.       Due to the continued strong operating
our people are more empowered, and the            At our annual Group Stakeholder Forum, we          performance of the business and our
Board is overseeing this cultural evolution.      listened to stakeholders from 20 countries         confidence in the Company’s long-term
With this in mind, I am pleased to report that    and their recommendations for water                strategy, the Board is proposing a full-year
Charlotte Boyle has been designated as our        stewardship strategies. Anastasios Leventis        dividend payment of €0.62 per share.
non-Executive Director responsible for            and Charlotte Boyle represented the Board          This proposal represents an 8.8% increase
work-force engagement.                            at the event. Our efforts to support water         compared to the dividend that we
We also welcomed Alfredo Rivera as a new          availability in specific risk areas led to four    paid in 2018.
member of the Board in 2019. Alfredo is the       different projects, of which one was finished
President of The Coca-Cola Company's Latin        in Nigeria's Kano State in 2019. Our               Priorities for 2020
America Group and has a wealth of insights        investment in new wells and new piping to          Our focus in 2020 will be on overseeing
to bring with his experience. Meanwhile, let      transport water from the Challawa River is         strategy implementation and decision-
me also take this opportunity to thank Ahmet      already providing clean water to one million       making as we continue to evolve our portfolio
Bozer for his years of service.                   people in 20 communities.                          and transform our operations in this new
                                                  In recognition of our sustainability leadership,   decade. We will also continue to nurture the
Culture and values                                we were named the most sustainable                 culture and values which underpin the
A big part of our success is based on our         beverage company in Europe by the Dow              potential of the business.
efforts to support and cultivate the potential    Jones Sustainability Indices in 2019. We also      As we finalise the implementation of one
of our people. This means investing in our        received recognition in other sustainability       strategy and begin to work toward an even
teams and developing a culture that ensures       benchmarks, such as CDP Climate and                bolder vision of growth, I would like to give
that our people feel they belong in their place   Water, FTSE4Good and MSCI ESG.                     my sincere thanks to everyone at Coca-Cola
of work. Experience shows that diverse                                                               HBC for their passion, and hard work
                                                   In 2019, the Company has made substantial
teams with an inclusive culture deliver better                                                       which continues to drive this Company
                                                  investments in collision avoidance
business outcomes, and I am encouraged by                                                            to new strengths.
                                                  technology for our fleet and in safety training
the steps taken to foster greater inclusivity.
                                                  for all of our drivers. Building on the progress   I am confident that we are operationally
Coca-Cola HBC has long had a very strong,         already made the Board will work closely with      and strategically well-placed for long-term
values-based culture. Many of these values        management on the critical need to reduce          success. On behalf of the Board, I thank all of
– excellence, customer-centricity – are           harm suffered on the job by our colleagues         our stakeholders for your continued support.
timeless and enduring. As our Company             and those who work with us.
evolves to respond to a changing business
environment, we have advanced our
Growth Mindset Values to better support
the increased need for agility and continual
learning and transformation. The years
ahead will see an even greater focus on                                                              ANASTASSIS G. DAVID
innovation, technology and growth. The                                                               CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Board is confident that these values and the
continued development of the leaders of our
Company, as well as our inclusive culture, will
ensure that our teams are up for the
challenges ahead.

Sustainability
                                                   Section 172 statement
One enduring aspect of our culture and
values is our commitment to manage our
business sustainably with integrity and                Section 172 of the UK Companies Act 2006 requires directors to promote the
respect for the planet. We took some big               success of the company for the benefit of the members as a whole having regard
steps forwards on our journey to meet our              to the interests of stakeholders in their decision-making. As the Company is
2025 sustainability commitments in 2019,               Swiss incorporated, the UK Companies Act 2006 has no legal effect. However, in
particularly regarding product packaging.              accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 and as a matter of good
We launched our first 100% recycled PET                governance, in our decision-making the Board considers the interests of the Group’s
bottles for water brands in Austria,                   employees and other stakeholders and understands the importance of taking into
Switzerland, Ireland, Croatia and Romania and          account their views and considers the impact of the Company’s activities on the
increased the recycled PET content of                  community, environment and the Group’s reputation. In its decision-making, the
packaging for our sparkling brands in several          Board also considers what is most likely to promote the success of the Company
markets. We know that we have more work                for its shareholders in the long term.
to do and we remain committed to continued             Read more about:
progress. Therefore, we have started to
                                                       • How we manage risks and materiality on pages 54 to 61
replace plastic wrap on can multi-packs
                                                       • How we engage with key stakeholders on page 19
with minimalist, paperboard packaging.
                                                       • Examples of how stakeholders were considered in specific decisions on page 91
16   COCA-COLA HBC




Our business model



Delivering value for
our stakeholders
 1. Our resources and relationships                             2. What we do

                 Human                                           We are a strategic bottling partner
                 Our success is dependent on the passion,
                                                                 of The Coca‑Cola Company
                 engagement and customer focus of                We have the exclusive authorisation to bottle and sell the beverages
                 our talented people. We cultivate their         of The Coca-Cola Company in our 28 markets. We also partner
                 potential and empower them to leverage          with other beverage businesses such as Monster, Brown Forman
                 opportunities for growth, both for              and Campari to sell their products in our markets.
                 themselves and our Company.
                                                                 How our partnership works
                 Natural                                         The Coca-Cola Company owns, develops and markets its brands
                 To produce our products, we use raw             with the end consumer. Coca-Cola HBC is responsible for producing,
                 materials including water, sugar, fruit         distributing, and selling these beverages. We work together to
                 concentrate, energy, glass, aluminium,          ensure that we have the right portfolio for our markets and to ensure
                 PET resin and paper. We source these            excellent, efficient execution.
                 using sustainable practices and seek            We buy concentrate from The Coca-Cola Company under an
                 to use them efficiently.                        incidence-based pricing model. We also share marketing costs
                                                                 and responsibilities, with The Coca-Cola Company marketing to
                 Social and relationships                        consumers while we take responsibility for trade marketing to
                 Maintaining our reputation and the trust        our customers.
                 of our key stakeholders is essential to our          Read more about how we leverage our unique 24/7 portfolio
                 business. Our most valuable stakeholder              and win in the marketplace on pages 26-33.
                 relationships are with The Coca-Cola
                 Company, our people and the communities
                 we operate in, our customers, suppliers,
                 governments and regulators.

                 Financial
                 Our business activities require financial
                 capital, and we seek to allocate it
                 efficiently. This capital is provided by our   3. How we do it
                 equity and debt holders as well as cash
                 flow earned from our operations.

                 Intellectual
                 Innovation is embedded in our culture
                 and the intellectual property created from
                 that includes new packaging, new products
                 and improvements in manufacturing,              1. Working with                      2. Producing beverages
                 logistics and sales execution. As we expand     suppliers                            efficiently and
                 our 24/7 portfolio, the importance of           We work with our suppliers           sustainably
                 innovation is increasing.                       to procure high-quality              Using concentrate from
                                                                 ingredients, sustainably-            The Coca-Cola Company
                 Manufacturing                                   sourced raw materials and            along with other ingredients,
                 As a strategic partner, our plant and           equipment and services               we prepare, package and
                 logistics assets allow us to prepare,           required to produce                  deliver products with an
                 package and deliver our products to meet        beverages.                           optimised manufacturing
                 the demands of customers and consumers.                                              infrastructure and
                                                                                                      logistics network.
                                                                                                       INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       17
                                                                                                                                                SR

                                                                                                                                                CG

                                                                                                                                                FS

                                                                                                                                                SSR

Our business model describes the essence of what we do:                                                                                         SI
How we create value for all our stakeholders from the
resources and relationships we use to operate the business.




                                                                4. Value created for stakeholders

                                                                 For our people
                                                                 • Our business directly employs 28,389 people in 28 countries
                                                                   and supports many times more people across our value chain.
                                                                 • Our people invested more than 600,000 hours to improve their
                                                                   functional capabilities and leadership capacities through different
              Brand               Consumer                         Company programmes.
             Ownership            Marketing
             Portfolio           Concentrate                     For customers
           Development             Supply
                                                                 • We are a customer-centric business aiming to provide value
                                                                   to our customers by growing their business and through perfect
                     Data & Insights
                                                                   execution in the marketplace.
                   Portfolio Strategy
            Investments in Revenue Growth
                                                                 For the communities where we operate
                    Capabilities Plans
                    Talent Exchange                              • We are an important contributor to the local economies of
                  World without Waste                              the 28 countries in which we operate. Aside from our direct
                                                                   contribution through employment, and our indirect contribution
                                                                   through the value chain, we also invest in community programmes
                                                                   to address environmental and social issues.
                                                                 • According to our socio-economic local reports, we support more
                           Customer Marketing,                     than 406,000 direct and indirect jobs across our value chain.
          Production of         Execution
           Beverages         & Management
         Portfolio Sales      Bottling Capex                     For shareholders
           & route to          Investments
            market
                                                                 • The cash flow we generate through the efficient management
                                                                   of our resources benefits our shareholders through dividend
                                                                   payments and share price appreciation.
                                                                 • We operate a progressive dividend policy and occasionally make
                                                                   additional capital returns to shareholders through special dividends.

                                                                 For wider stakeholders
                                                                 • Our business activities generate revenue for our customers,
                                                                   suppliers and contractors as well as income for our employees.
                                                                   We are paying taxes which support government revenue,
                                                                   in turn supporting public wellbeing, local communities and
                                                                   infrastructure investment. For more details please see page 18:
                                                                   “Our socio‑economic impact”.

                                                                 For consumers
3. Partnering with               4. Serving our consumers
                                                                 • Our innovation provides consumers with beverages of the highest
our customers                    and communities                   quality and increasingly healthy choices. We have committed to
We grow by supporting our        Our 24/7 product portfolio        reduce calories per 100ml of sparkling soft drinks by 25% between
customers’ growth. To do         caters to a growing range of      2015 and 2025. The reduction achieved in 2019 compared to
this, we leverage our 24/7       tastes and preferences with       the 2015 baseline was 12%.
portfolio and segmented          a wider choice of healthier
sales execution to grow the      options and premium             For suppliers
overall beverage industry,       products, and we continually
                                                                 • We benefit from a network of approximately 19,500 suppliers.
focusing on areas of high        innovate to remain relevant.
                                                                   In 2019 our spend with suppliers was €3.3bn. 74% of key ingredients
value opportunity and
                                                                   are certified sustainable agricultural products.
executing with excellence.
18     COCA-COLA HBC




Our socio-economic impact



Making an impact

Since 2010, we have been conducting socio-economic impact studies                         In conducting these studies, we use input-output modelling to
in our individual markets in a local sequence of maximum three years.                     generate estimates of jobs supported and economic value added.
We measure our impact on the communities where we operate in                              Input data includes our financial information (revenues, expenses,
order to engage with stakeholders against the backdrop of this                            taxes, sales volume and profits) as well as some data from The
information. The numbers below represent the aggregated data from                         Coca-Cola Company. While rigorous, the process involves statistical
the latest set of local socio-economic reports from our markets,                          modelling, which should be considered when interpreting and using
covering the period 2017-2019.                                                            the results from the studies.


The input-output model enables an assessment of three key dimensions of impact:
• Direct: immediate effect in terms of employment, wages and output
• Indirect: subsequent effect in the supply chain
• Induced: effect caused by staff spend on goods or services




                                                                        Overall footprint
                                                                                                     More than
               56
               Plants
                                                  98
                                                  Distribution centres
                                                                                                     487,000                              c.19,500
                                                                                                                                          Suppliers
                                                                                                     customers




                                             615m
                                             Potential consumers
                                                                                                              €484m
                                                                                                              CAPEX spend


                                                             Contribution to the economy


                              €3.69bn
                              paid in taxes. This includes taxes paid directly by
                                                                                                                             31,759
                                                                                                                             Employees in the Coca-Cola System
                                                                                                                             in our markets
                              Coca-Cola HBC and taxes paid by our suppliers
                              and trade partners and their suppliers and trade
                              partners, related to our activities.                                                           374,439
                                                                                                                             Indirect employment
             >203,800                                         647,590
                                                                                                                              1 = 11.8
             2017-2019 cumulative                             Training hours
             young people trained
                                                                                             €1,037.3m
             >98% = >€3.2bn
             of our total procurement         spent with local suppliers
                                                                                             Total employee costs            Job in the
                                                                                                                              system
                                                                                                                                                 Jobs in our
                                                                                                                                                 community




                                                       €11.4bn created
                                                                  in added value to total contribution via our value chain


Disclaimers:
• Numbers presented are aggregated based on the local SEI reports from CCHBC territories in the period 2016-2019;
• All KPIs represent an annual impact;
• Where applicable and relevant in local SEIS, the impact of other entities of the Coca-Cola System is included;
• All presented data covers CCHBC territories only.
                                                                                                                           INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        19
                                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                                     SSR

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT                                                                                                                                               SI


Understanding our stakeholders
The Board will sometimes engage directly with certain stakeholders, however, most stakeholder engagement takes place
at the operational level with the Board receiving reports on activities and key areas of concern to use in its decision-making.
The Board will then balance different perspectives as it determines the best course of action. Further information
on stakeholder engagement is set out on page 90 with examples of "Governance in Action" on page 91.


 Description         Key issues                             How we engage                            Why we engage                              Growth pillar
 Our people          • Building the best teams in           Through continuous conversations         Our people are our most important
                       the industry                         focused on results and behaviours        asset and engine of growth. They are        4
                     • Engagement score is greater          as well as frequent employee surveys;    both the creators and caretakers of our
                       than high performing norm            by offering unique, personalised         culture and values. Our people's views
                                                            experiences and programmes for           enhance our decision-making.
                                                            personal and professional growth;
                                                            overseen by employee representative
                                                            bodies, which have direct access to
                                                            our non-Executive Director
                                                            Charlotte Boyle.
 Our communities     • Water conservation                   We engage directly with people in        To build trust by operating responsibly
                     • Waste from our packaging             the markets in which we operate,         and sustainably, and addressing issues      5
                     • Empowering youth and women           particularly those living in the areas   that are material for our communities.
                                                            around our bottling operations, and
                                                                                                     To provide training opportunities and
                                                            through third-party partnerships.
                                                                                                     support to young people currently not
                                                                                                     in education, training or employment.
 Our consumers       • Continuously evolving our            Understanding consumers’ needs and By understanding the consumer and
                       products to meet consumers’          preferences through collecting        evolving our portfolio accordingly, we         1
                       needs for healthy hydration,         consumer insights. While this is also grow our business sustainably in the
                       quality, taste, innovation and       part of The Coca‑Cola Company’s role, long term.                                     5
                       convenience                          we gain access to these insights.
 Our customers       • Identifying products, channels     A system of key account managers,          To build business plans with specific
                       and other opportunities that offer in whom we are constantly investing,       in-store execution and promotional          1
                       growth and value creation for us who engage with our customers at a           activities to suit our customers’ needs
                       and our customers                  strategic level.                           and create joint value.                     2
                     • Offering a 24/7 beverage           Our business developers make regular       To avoid unnecessary costs.
                       portfolio that meets the changing visits to outlets.
                       preferences of consumers
 Partners            • Rising costs of ingredients,        We receive feedback at our annual         To share knowledge and expertise
 in efficiency         labour, packaging material,         Group Stakeholder Forum.                  and find ways of using all our resources    3
                       energy and water                                                              as efficiently as possible, reducing
                                                           We align and co-ordinate with the
                     • Minimising the environmental                                                  costs to our Company.                       5
                                                           Coca-Cola System’s Central
                       impact of water and energy          Procurement Group and our                 To ensure a healthy, sustainable
                       resources, as well as air emissions technology and commodity suppliers        supply chain.
                                                            through regular interactions.
 NGOs                • Wide-ranging issues facing our       Via our annual Group Stakeholder         NGOs have a key contributing role
                       business, from energy and water      Forum and our annual materiality         to our annual materiality process           5
                       use, reductions in packaging         assessment, as well as through ad        and we engage with them, both in
                       waste to corporate governance,       hoc meetings.                            our markets as well as at Group level,
                       human rights and diversity                                                    on an ongoing basis to develop and
                                                                                                     support community and
                                                                                                     environmental initiatives.
 Shareholders        • Quality and effectiveness            Through open, honest communication To achieve fair value and appropriate
                       of governance                        during our Annual General Meetings,     ownership of our shares by enabling          1   2
                     • Profitability and growth potential   investor roadshows, press releases and the full understanding of the strategy,
                       of the business                      results briefings, and ongoing dialogue as well as the operational and financial     3   5
                                                            with analysts and investors.            performance of the Company.
 Governments         • Industry and/or product-specific     Our advocacy efforts are mainly          We consider it our duty and our
                       policies, such as taxes,             conducted through trade associations,    responsibility to make our views            5
                       restrictions or regulations          which represent companies,               clear to those who have the potential
                     • Environmental policies               organisations, causes and industries.    to influence the laws, regulations
                     • Consumer health and public           We also partner with local               and policies that can impact
                       health policies                      governments to tackle waste              our business.
                                                            collection challenges.
 The Coca-Cola       • Profitable growth opportunities      Day-to-day interaction as business       To maintain consumer trust and
 Company             • Value share in our markets           partners, joint projects, joint business generate sustainable growth for             1   2
                     • Sustainable sourcing                 planning, functional groups on strategic the Coca-Cola System, objectives
                                                            issues and ‘top-to-top’ senior           central to both of our business models.     4   5
                                                            management forums.
20   COCA-COLA HBC




Market review



Responding to
evolving trends
 Market trends

                     Dynamic retail environment
                     The retail landscape is changing in response to transformation in lifestyles and technology use.
                     Smaller households and busier lives are impacting consumer preferences and buying habits,
                     and driving rapid growth in both the convenience and e-commerce channels. Consumers are
                     also increasingly price-sensitive, fuelling the growth of discounters. Growth in away-from-home
                     socialising occasions creates a big opportunity to capture sales through hotels, restaurants
                     and cafés.


                     Digital evolution
                     With increasingly affordable and efficient connectivity, more consumers are using digital
                     technology to explore potential purchases and interact with brands. Consumers increasingly use
                     social media as a primary interaction point with brands and companies, requiring retailers to
                     engage with these platforms. Smartphones have enabled consumers to become more price savvy,
                     with the majority of shoppers doing online research before committing to a purchase. At the
                     same time, online shopping is growing and evolving to provide consumers with more services and
                     flexibility. One of the fastest growing segments of online shopping is online restaurant food delivery.




                     Regulatory environment
                     Our industry is facing increased regulation of product packaging as concerns about plastic pollution
                     increase. To support the transition to a circular economy, the Europe-wide plastics strategy calls
                     for all plastic packaging to be reusable or recyclable by 2030. At the same time, discussions about
                     discriminatory taxation of added-sugar beverages are gaining traction. Following Ireland’s adoption
                     of a sugar tax in 2018, governments in Italy and Poland explored similar taxes in 2019. The World
                     Health Organization recommends a reduction in consumption of free sugar to less than 10%
                     of the daily energy intake to prevent obesity, diabetes and tooth decay.

                     Consumer preferences
                     Consumers increasingly look for healthy, sustainable product options, creating a clear shift towards
                     natural and organic offerings that contain pure ingredients, less sugar or fat and are sourced locally.
                     Product labels are increasingly scrutinised, with consumers searching for evidence of natural
                     ingredients and brand authenticity. The demand for innovation and differentiation creates an
                     opportunity for emerging, premium brands. Consumers are willing to pay more for better quality
                     beverages, creating greater incentives to build authentic brand images to foster consumer trust
                     and loyalty.

                     Sustainability
                     In 2019, global movements such as Fridays for Future as well as the United Nations Climate
                     Change Conference COP 25 have created a lot of momentum for the environmental and
                     socio-economic challenges that our world is facing. As a result, consumers and customers are
                     increasingly aware of the impact they have on the environment and society. Companies are more
                     than ever expected to act upon issues related to climate, water, packaging, poverty etc. in line with
                     the UN Sustainable Development Goals. A thoughtful, authentic approach to sustainable business
                     practices will help companies generate greater trust, help to attract employees, increase brand
                     and customer loyalty and, eventually, strengthen competitive advantage.
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     21
                                                                                                                                                      SR

                                                                                                                                                      CG

                                                                                                                                                      FS

                                                                                                                                                      SSR

                                                                                                                                                      SI




How we are responding                                                                               Delivered through            Growth pillar

To reach consumers, we work hard to build strong customer relationships through
joint value‑creation processes. We are leveraging our unique 24/7 beverage portfolio with
targeted execution excellence, covering more outlets more often. We are also evolving from
                                                                                                    +3%
                                                                                                    In our active universe we
                                                                                                                                  1

                                                                                                                                  2
a product supplier to a 360-degree business partner, offering customers a holistic set of           have increased our net
products, services and expertise. We are using new technologies to provide better service           new outlets coverage
faster. This includes connected coolers, sales force automation, image recognition and an           by 3% in 2019.
online, 24/7 ordering platform. Technology frees up time for our sales force and increases
possibilities for specialisation.

In each of our markets, we have a dedicated person or team responsible for e-commerce.
We continue improving visibility of our products online and the use of e-commerce tools
including eRED, our online merchandising performance tracking system. In many markets,
                                                                                                    +48%
                                                                                                    In our top three markets
                                                                                                                                  1

                                                                                                                                  2
we have built strong collaborations with merchandising, including the implementation of joint       for e-commerce (Ireland,
business plans. Going forward, we will continue building e-commerce capabilities and further        Italy and Russia)
improve our online ordering platform for retailers. To improve incremental volume and attract       e-commerce volumes
new shoppers, we have a goal to increase our sales incidence rate through online restaurant         grew by 48% in 2019
food delivery companies to a minimum of 30%. We are pursuing these opportunities                    compared to 2018.
responsibly, with increased focus on cyber-security and data protection. We have obtained
in the year ISO 27001 certification for our IT organisation which confirms our commitment to
secure management of information and adherence to international cyber-security standards.

As part of the Coca-Cola System-wide World Without Waste initiative, we have committed
to help collect the equivalent of 75% of primary packaging, use more recycled and renewable
materials in packaging and make 100% of our consumer packaging recyclable by 2025. We offer
                                                                                                    48%
                                                                                                    In 2019, we recovered
                                                                                                                                  3

                                                                                                                                  4
low- or no-sugar drink options in every market, provide transparent nutritional information and     48% of the primary
have committed to a 25% reduction in the calories per 100ml of our sparkling beverage products      packaging we put in the
by 2025 against a 2015 baseline. We also continue to support UNESDA’s commitment to not             marketplace.
offering soft drinks in primary schools or added‑sugar beverages in secondary schools across
the EU and Switzerland.

We are well placed to respond to these trends with an ever expanding 24/7 portfolio. Our range
of low- and no-sugar sparkling variants has been very successful. We are nurturing premium
propositions in the adult sparkling category, which has revenue growth over three times that
                                                                                                    +3.0pp
                                                                                                    In 2019, the share of
                                                                                                                                  1

                                                                                                                                  5
of the overall sparkling category. To improve and expand our offerings for health-conscious         low- and no-sugar variants
consumers, we have established our position in ready-to-drink tea with FUZETEA, a sustainably       in our sparkling portfolio
sourced tea blended with natural juice and herbs, and we launched our first plant-based, sugar      increased by 3.0pp, to
and dairy-free, vegan-friendly beverage with AdeZ. In addition, we are incubating new brands        16.1%.
offering natural ingredients and simplicity in hand-picked outlets.

By introducing Mission 2025 in late 2018, we have set a robust strategy which drives our progress
in six main areas: emissions reduction; water reduction and stewardship; World Without Waste;
sustainable sourcing; nutrition; and our people and communities. We continuously engage with
                                                                                                    42%
                                                                                                    In 2019, 42% of the total
                                                                                                                                  1

                                                                                                                                  3
all relevant stakeholder groups; we listen to them, for example during our annual Forum event,      energy we used came
we discuss and implement their material recommendations and share updates accordingly.              from renewable and            4
                                                                                                    clean sources.
                                                                                                                                  5
22   COCA-COLA HBC




Chief executive officer’s letter


                                   Dear Stakeholder,
                                   I am pleased to report that we continued
                                   to make progress on our 2020 strategic
                                   objectives during 2019, putting us well
                                   on track to meet our targets.
                                   We remain focused on implementing and
                                   delivering our strategy, leveraging a product
                                   portfolio that is stronger, broader and more
                                   consumer- and customer-centric than ever.
                                   We are continuously evolving and
                                   strengthening our route to market with
                                   segmented execution, which allows us to
                                   serve our customers better and capture
                                   the growth opportunities in every channel.
                                   A focus on our customers is central to the
                                   way we want to work at Coca-Cola HBC,
                                   and we are embedding a growth mindset
                                   throughout our organisation to support this
                                   focus. Our willingness to cherish and leverage
                                   all our strengths, while being honest with
                                   each other, and open to identifying and
                                   addressing our gaps, underpins our progress
                                   and long-term success.
                                   We delivered a strong set of results despite
                                   the challenging backdrop of unusually cool,
                                   wet summer weather in several of our largest
                                   markets which constrained consumption
                                   and impacted sales growth in the second and
                                   third quarter. It is when we come up against
                                   challenges that I am most impressed by the
                                   tenacity, creativity and spirit of our talented
                                   people. Due to their efforts, we gained or
                                   maintained share in the majority of our
                                   markets while also achieving solid growth
                                   and strong margin expansion.
                                   An indispensable part of our strategy is
                                   our commitment to manage our business
                                   responsibly and sustainably.




                                              “
                                    OUR VISION IS
                                    CLEAR: TO BE
                                    THE LEADING

     Achieving                     24/7 BEVERAGE
                                     PARTNER.”

     growth and
     delivering
     more                               Read more on our performance at
                                        https://coca-colahellenic.com/en/
                                        investors/2019-integrated-annual-report/
                                                                                                            INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      23
                                                                                                                                                    SR

                                                                                                                                                    CG

                                                                                                                                                    FS

                                                                                                                                                    SSR

I am proud that we have again been ranked        The sparkling category continues to have          Preparing for future success                     SI
as Europe’s most sustainable beverage            significant opportunities driven by innovation.   As we go into the final stages of our 2020
company by the Dow Jones Sustainability          We are seeing continued double-digit growth       strategy implementation, we have also
Index. This is the ninth year in a row that we   from low- and no-sugar variants, as well          looked ahead to the next stage of growth,
have been ranked among the top three             as strong growth from adult sparkling with        development and opportunity for all the
beverage companies globally and in Europe.       brands such as Schweppes, Kinley and              stakeholders connected to Coca-Cola HBC.
However, rankings and ratings are secondary      Royal Bliss.
to action and impact and we continue to work                                                       In June of 2019, following approval and
                                                 Outside of sparkling we continue to focus on      endorsement by the Board, we introduced
to improve in this regard.                       premiumisation while expanding our share.         our new purpose, values, vision and strategy.
In the key area of packaging, we collected       We know that we have an opportunity to            To guide and measure our success in
48% of our primary packaging, launched four      continue to selectively expand our already        implementing this strategy, Growth Story
water brands across five markets in 100%         broad product portfolio into new categories       2025, we also introduced new 2025 targets.
recycled PET packaging and we have               and brands as well as brand extensions where
announced that we will replace plastic shrink    we see strong growth opportunities, today         Our vision is clear: to be the leading 24/7
film on can multi-packs with recyclable          and in the future. Costa Coffee is a good         beverage partner. Our success and
paperboard by the end of 2021.                   example of this and we are excited to be          continued growth depend on our ability to
                                                 embarking on our journey with this high-          serve our customers and delight consumers
We are also making progress on carbon                                                              in collaboration with The Coca-Cola
                                                 quality coffee and great brand in 2020.
emissions: 89% of electricity used at our                                                          Company. We are committed to enriching
production sites in the EU and Switzerland       In line with our improving portfolio, we are      the communities where we work and
is from renewable and clean sources.             continuously strengthening our route to           delivering sustainable products with
Our target is to be at 100% by 2025.             market with a relentless focus on execution       excellence. Our future success is most
                                                 excellence. Through segmentation, we are          dependent on the passion and engagement
I hope you will spend some time reading
                                                 better able to sell our broader portfolio and     of our people, as well as the continual
more about this and other initiatives on
                                                 serve our customers. We continue to invest        development of their capabilities which
pages 42-45. We intend to be as accountable
                                                 to remain agile. Our investments in digital       will make us fit for the future. That is why
on our sustainability targets as we are on
                                                 capabilities allow us to be more granular in      nurturing talent and inspiring people to take
our financial ones, and you can see our
                                                 how we slice the market to go after the           the initiative is such a focus for us.
comprehensive reporting against Mission
                                                 highest potential opportunities. Similarly, our
2025 on pages 48-49.                                                                               Our targets, by which we will judge our
                                                 investments in tools for our sales force can
                                                 enhance their productivity, while connected       success, include delivering, on average,
What it takes to deliver 24/7                                                                      FX-neutral revenue growth of 5-6% and
                                                 coolers can monitor both the performance
Since 2016, and as a part of our 2020            and productivity of our chilled space.            comparable EBIT margin expansion of 20-40
strategic plan, FX-neutral revenues grew at                                                        basis points from 2021 to 2025. This would
an average of 4.8%, at the upper end of the      This 24/7 portfolio and our execution             place our growth above the average for the
4-5% range we targeted. At the same time,        excellence means faster growth for us, our        beverage industry.
we have seen comparable EBIT margins             partners and customers, more opportunities
                                                 for our people and more value created for         Our priority remains organic growth, but we
expand by 330 basis points, leaving us well on
                                                 other stakeholders and the communities in         have also made some targeted acquisitions.
track to achieving our 11.2% target in 2020.
                                                 which we operate.                                 In December 2019 we acquired Lurisia in Italy,
We know that beverages remain a fast-growing                                                       together with The Coca-Cola Company; this
industry, particularly in the markets in which   We are energised by the ambition to deliver       acquisition adds to our premium water and
we operate where per-capita consumption          on this opportunity and What It Takes To          adult sparkling portfolio. Earlier in the year
of sparkling drinks is still very low.           Deliver 24/7 is the theme of this year’s          we acquired Bambi, the leading confectionery
                                                 Integrated Annual Report. Throughout the          brand in Serbia, which helps us strengthen
                                                 report you can learn about how we aim             our market leverage and route to market,
                                                 to do this.                                       while synergising our beverage and snacks
                                                                                                   portfolio through joint activations. Going
                                                                                                   forward, we will continue to look at
                                                                                                   opportunities to make complementary,
                                                                                                   bolt-on acquisitions.
                                                                                                   As we look to 2020 and beyond, we remain
                                                                                                   committed to partnership. We know that our
                                                                                                   Company can only grow when our customers
                                                                                                   grow, and when our growth benefits all of
                                                                                                   our stakeholders.
                                                                                                   I thank you for your interest and partnership
                                                                                                   on our exciting journey to deliver 24/7.
                                                                                                   Yours sincerely,




                                                                                                   ZORAN BOGDANOVIC
                                                                                                   CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
24     COCA-COLA HBC




Growth story 2025



Setting out our
Growth Story 2025
Over the first four years of our 2020 plan, currency-
neutral revenues have grown at an average of 4.8% per
year, at the upper end of the 4-5% range we targeted,
while comparable EBIT margin expanded by 330 basis
points to 10.8%, leaving us well on track to achieve the
11.2%1 target in 2020.
As we entered the final stages of this plan, we started to
look ahead to the next stage of growth and opportunity
for all of our stakeholders.
Our new strategy, Growth Story 2025, builds on our new
vision. Our focus has shifted to growing the market in
partnership with our customers, aiming to be the leading
24/7 beverage partner.
Growth Story 2025 is built upon five key pillars of
growth – each of which is a core strength or competitive
advantage – and reflects our capabilities and the
significant opportunities that will help us deliver another
step up in performance through 2025.
In support of this revamped strategy, we have introduced
2025 targets that raise the bar for financial results, people
engagement and sustainability achievements.




1. 2020 comparable EBIT margin target has been adjusted for the accretive impact of acquiring Bambi, taking an original target of 11% to 11.2%.
                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   25
                                                                                                                        SR

                                                                                                                        CG

                                                                                                                        FS

                                                                                                                        SSR

Our growth pillars                         How we grow                                                                  SI




                     1
                         LEVERAGE OUR      Offer the best 24/7 beverage portfolio on the
                                           planet in partnership with The Coca-Cola
                         UNIQUE 24/7       Company
                         PORTFOLIO         • Extend sparkling quality leadership in all markets,
                                             driving accelerated shift to lights/zeros and adult
                                           • Increase our portfolio value share in stills, moving
                                             into accretive premium sub-segments
                                           • Build a substantial business in complementary
                                             categories




                     2
                         WIN IN THE        Build unrivalled teams of true partners for our
                                           customers, executing with excellence in every
                         MARKETPLACE       channel for prioritised drinking moments
                                           • Create value with every customer we serve
                                           • Deliver innovative growth ideas with devotion
                                           • Seamlessly serve to exceed expectations across
                                             all functions
                                           Fast-forward critical capabilities for growth
                                           • Key Account Management, Revenue Growth
                                             Management, Route to Market, Big Data
                                             & Advanced Analytics & Innovation




                     3
                         FUEL GROWTH       Transform, innovate and digitalise our business
                                           to ensure we are fit for the future
                         THROUGH
                                           • Organise to act with agility and eliminate all
                         COMPETITIVENESS     non-essential cost
                         & INVESTMENT      • Digitalise the business where it creates exceptional
                                             customer, consumer and employee experiences
                                           • Make disciplined, growth-focused investments
                                           • Experiment with new business models & technology
                                             to create the bottler of the future




                     4
                         CULTIVATE THE     Develop an inclusive growth culture around our
                                           empowered people
                         POTENTIAL OF
                                           • Deliver high performance fast, by empowering every
                         OUR PEOPLE          team to make it happen
                                           • Ensure our people grow, and pursue their passion
                                           Invest in building the best teams in the industry
                                           • Make talent development our lighthouse capability,
                                             which each leader is excited to drive
                                           • Become the employer of choice in all our markets




                     5
                         EARN OUR          Be an environmental leader in the markets in which
                                           we operate
                         LICENCE TO
                                           • Help secure water availability in water risk areas
                         OPERATE           • Further decrease CO2 emissions
                                           • Work towards a World Without Waste
                                           Engage our communities behind water and waste
                                           initiatives, as well as empower youth, together
                                           with our partners
26   COCA-COLA HBC




                             1
                           GROWTH PILLAR


                           LEVERAGE
                           OUR UNIQUE 24/7
                           PORTFOLIO
 KPIs                      Highlights in 2019
 • FX-neutral revenue      • Maintained high growth in the sparkling category, aided by the strong
   growth                    performance of sophisticated adult sparkling beverages
 • Volume growth
                           • Achieved another year of double-digit revenue growth in energy drinks
 • FX-neutral revenue
   per case growth           and expanded the energy portfolio with Coke Energy and Predator
                           • Innovations supported overall growth, with 4.2pp of total volume growth in
 Stakeholders
                             the year delivered by products and packages launched in the last 12 months
         Our consumers
                           Priorities in 2020
         Our customers
                           • Continue expanding to become a 24/7 beverage partner, creating shared
         Shareholders        value with our consumers and customers
         The Coca-Cola     • Consolidate the performance of product innovations by increasing
         Company​            distribution and repeat sales
 Risks                     • Continue driving growth in sparkling by leveraging light variants, flavour
                             and pack architecture
 • Consumer health
   and wellbeing           • Bring ready-to-drink tea back to growth through a strong plan for FUZETEA
 • Geopolitical and        • Drive revenue growth in water by implementing our hydration portfolio strategy
   macroeconomic
 • Strategic stakeholder
                           • Launch Costa Coffee in at least 10 countries
   relationships
                                                                                                        INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    27
                                                                                                                                              SR

                                                                                                                                              CG

                                                                                                                                              FS

                                                                                                                                              SSR

                                                                                                                                              SI




Introduction
As lifestyles and consumer habits change,         Percentage
the motivations and occasions driving             of Coca-Cola
beverage consumption are also evolving.           HBC revenue           Our category strategy
We are unlocking growth potential in
segments beyond our core sparkling
portfolio, offering a wider choice of drinks to
meet consumer needs at any time of the day.
In line with growing societal concerns
around environmental issues, consumers are
looking for sustainably-sourced ingredients
and responsible packaging. Technology,                                    Sparkling         Water           Juice         RTD tea
particularly social media, is changing
socialising occasions and the ways
consumers interact with brands. Consumers
are also more focused on making healthier                               Drive category              Expand and premiumise
choices. This all leads to demand for a                                  value growth
broader range of products, providing us
with a number of new growth opportunities.
In 2019 we sold 165 million cases of new
product, flavour and package innovations, and
4.2 percentage points of our volume growth
was attributable to these new launches.
This is testament to how, working together
with The Coca Cola Company, we are well
placed to respond to market trends with                                    Energy          Plant          Premium           Coffee
an ever expanding 24/7 portfolio. We have                                                  based           spirits
the right brands, packaging and categories
to meet the evolving needs of our
consumer base.
                                                                          Innovate         Establish     Unlock total     Unlock total
                                                                         and expand      right to win     portfolio        portfolio
                                                                                                          growth in        growth in
                                                   2019
                                                                                                          HoReCa           At Work &
                                                   Sparkling 71%                                                            HoReCa
                                                   Water 8%
                                                   Juice 8%
                                                   RTD tea 4%
                                                   Energy 4%
                                                   Plant based 1%
                                                   Premium spirits 3%
                                                   Coﬀee 1%
28   COCA-COLA HBC




Leverage our unique 24/7 portfolio continued

Driving sparkling category growth               Another high-value, high-growth segment we          We are also focused on expanding our
Our evolving sparkling drinks portfolio is      are prioritising is the adult sparkling category,   premium offerings in the juice and water
proving popular with consumers across our       which has revenue growth over three times           categories. Within juice, we focused on
territories and we are seeing strong growth     that of the overall sparkling category. Adult       product stratification during 2019 to capture
from new variant and flavour launches.          consumers with more discretionary income            premium revenue opportunities. In Russia,
Sparkling beverage volume grew 3.5% in          are interested in superior products and             where our juice business represents a
2019 compared to the prior year, fuelled by     experimentation. When compared to core              considerable proportion of our portfolio, we
the double-digit volume growth of low- and      sparkling products, this category commands          have a track record of continuous innovation,
no-sugar options, which is stimulating growth   significant price premiums.                         which supports higher price points and
in the entire category.                                                                             increased revenue per case. Bringing these
                                                We launched the Royal Bliss brand in the adult
                                                                                                    juice innovations, and increased revenues,
Coca-Cola Zero grew 26.2% in volume during      sparkling category in 2018, using the best
                                                                                                    to other markets is a focus for 2020.
the year, delivering 10 consecutive quarters    practices developed with our Schweppes and
of double-digit growth. This growth reflects    Kinley brands. Our approach for this category       Within the water category, our overall focus
execution excellence and powerful assets        involves premiumisation and segmented               is on accelerating value share gains with an aim
such as our Star Wars-themed activations.       execution with hotels, restaurants and cafes.       to double the pace of our market share growth
We also delivered strong performance from       We also support growth by fully leveraging          in the next five years. We develop market-
new, low- and no-sugar sparkling beverage       partnerships with premium spirits.                  specific maps of diverse water segments and
options such as Sprite Zero and Fanta Zero.                                                         price tiers, seeking to expand our market
Our light variants had value growth over four   Expanding value beyond sparkling                    share and capture higher revenue per case.
times higher than the sparkling category        beverage offerings                                  This hydration portfolio strategy involves a
average in 2019. In 2019, the share of          In energy, one of the fastest-growing               range of product offerings, execution tactics
low- and no-sugar variants in our total         segments of the beverage industry, our              and route-to-market approaches.
volume increased by 3.0pp to 16.1%.             Monster brand products had another year             We added to the premium water brands
Innovations played a key role in our success    of impressive growth with volume up 36%             in our portfolio during the year with the
for 2019. In 14 markets, we launched            compared to 2018. In this category, we have         acquisition of Acque Minerali S.r.l., owner
Coca-Cola Plus Coffee, featuring a great        pursued a segmentation strategy, launching          and producer of Lurisia, an Italian natural
coffee taste with more caffeine but zero        a variety of brands at different price points       mineral water and adult sparkling beverages
calories for consumers on the go. This          to target different types of consumers.             company. This acquisition, which we made in
innovative product has seen great initial       For consumers seeking a new taste and a             conjunction with The Coca-Cola Company,
consumer engagement. In flavours, we            taurine-free formula, we launched Coca-Cola         was completed in December 2019.
introduced Coca-Cola Zero Vanilla, Cherry       Energy, a premium product, in 15 of our
and seasonal flavours such as Cinnamon          countries during 2019, attracting new users         Building market share
and Ginger in many of our markets.              to the category. We also added the Predator         The dramatic expansion of our product
                                                brand to our portfolio in five markets, offering    portfolio includes products in new categories
We are also driving packaging innovation        energy at a more affordable price point             for our business. Following initial product
with smaller, more convenient packages,         in two flavours.                                    rollouts, we are continuing to take action to
which also serve to expand revenue per case.
                                                Our biggest system-wide launch in 2018              build our market share.
Single-serve packages comprised 48.5% of
our sparkling sales volume in 2019, up 2.5%     was FUZETEA, and we continued to build              We entered a completely new category
compared with 2018, with significant            on the successful introduction of this fresh,       in 2018 with AdeZ, our first plant-based,
potential for additional growth.                innovative, ready-to-drink tea in 2019.             sugar- and dairy-free beverage. Thus far, we
                                                This fusion of sustainably-sourced tea              have launched eight vegan-friendly flavours,
                                                extracts with fruit and herbal flavours has         including plain for the breakfast occasion
                                                attracted strong competition in some                and fruit flavours for snacking on the go.
                                                markets, impacting growth. With good                We extended the distribution of AdeZ across
                                                activation and customer coordination, the           all our channels in 2019, increasing our share
                                                multi-layered, contemporary tea taste of            of the plant-based beverage category in the
                                                FUZETEA is winning over consumers. In Italy,        17 markets where it has been introduced.
                                                for example, FUZETEA doubled our market             We have gained 6% market share in just over
                                                share. Our focus going forward is on adding         a year since its launch in prioritised markets.
                                                differentiating flavours to attract more
                                                consumers to the category.




“      FOR CONSUMERS SEEKING A NEW TASTE AND
       A TAURINE-FREE FORMULA, WE LAUNCHED
       SUPER-PREMIUM COCA-COLA ENERGY IN 15
       OF OUR COUNTRIES DURING 2019, ATTRACTING
       NEW USERS TO THE CATEGORY.“
                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019          29
                                                                                                                                            SR

                                                                                                                                            CG

                                                                                                                                            FS

                                                                                                                                            SSR

                                  One of our biggest growth opportunities is          Responsible marketing                                 SI
                                  in the coffee category. We announced in             Our advertising and promotions reach
                                  mid-2019 that we will launch Costa Coffee,          millions of consumers. While this is a core
                                  a brand recently acquired by The Coca-Cola          driver of our business, we take steps to
                                  Company, in at least 10 countries during            ensure that marketing is responsible as well
                                  2020. We believe this launch will address a         as effective. As part of the Coca-Cola
                                  broad range of consumer and customer                System, we adhere to The Coca-Cola
UN Sustainable                    needs across multiple occasions, particularly       Company’s Global Responsible Marketing
Development Goals                 for the hotels, restaurants and cafes               policy and, together with other members
                                  (HoReCa) and At Work channels. We are               of our industry, we are also signatories of the
We serve our consumers with
                                  pleased to be the first Coca-Cola bottler to        European Soft Drinks Industry Association
a broad range of high-quality
                                  undertake such a launch in close partnership        (UNESDA) commitments.
products. In doing so, we
                                  with The Coca-Cola Company. Our
create value by contributing                                                          In the EU and Switzerland, we do not offer
                                  well-established infrastructure, processes
to global goals for good health                                                       soft drinks in primary schools or offer
                                  and capabilities around coffee mean that we
and wellbeing, innovation,                                                            added‑sugar beverages in secondary
                                  are well positioned to hit the ground running
responsible production and                                                            schools. We plan to gradually expand this
                                  with this exciting opportunity.
consumption and partnerships.                                                         approach to all our markets over the coming
                                  We also benefit from the highly                     years. Further, we avoid engaging in any
                                  complementary premium spirits category,             direct commercial activity in primary schools,
                                  which is now available in 19 of our markets.        except when requested by school authorities.
                                  We leverage premium spirits to create a
                                  compelling offering for HoReCa. This                Product quality
                                  provides us with strong cross-selling
                                                                                      Product quality is a critical priority for our
                                  opportunities for our core beverage portfolio
                                                                                      business, highlighting the importance of
                                  in new, lucrative outlets.
                                                                                      maintaining consumer trust. The freshness
                                                                                      of our products in trade, a key measure of
                                  Health and nutrition
                                                                                      quality, remained at the same level in 2019
                                  As a company we are continuously evolving           compared to the prior year, while we
                                  our portfolio to help create a healthier food       introduced approximately 1,000 new SKUs
                                  environment. We’ve already reformulated             across Coca-Cola HBC.
                                  many of our drinks to contain less sugar and
                                  fewer calories. To give consumers more              Our low rate of consumer complaints
                                  options, we’re also offering more diet, light       also demonstrates the high quality of our
                                  and zero-calorie drinks in our portfolio.           beverages and the trust consumers and
                                                                                      customers place in our products and brands.
                                  Key nutritional information is visible on all of    The number of complaints declined by 5%,
                                  our bottles and cans. Guideline Daily Amount        to 18 complaints per 100 million bottles sold.
                                  labels provide at-a-glance information on           This meets our 2019 target of no more than
                                  calories, as well as on sugar, fat, saturated fat   18 complaints per 100 million bottles sold.
                                  and salt content. In several of our markets,        For 2020, we have set a target of no
                                  we are trialling new front-of-pack labels           more than 17 complaints per 100 million
                                  which use the current European-wide                 bottles sold.
                                  Reference Intake (R.I.) monochrome model,
                                  disclosing the nutrient content per 100ml           We offer the highest quality beverages in
                                  of our drinks for sugars, salt, fat and saturated   all markets by applying end-to-end quality
                                  fat through a simple ‘traffic-light’ colour         and food safety standards and maintaining
                                  scheme of red, amber and green.                     a strong focus on quality and safety
                                                                                      throughout our value chain. To minimise
                                  The World Health Organization recommends            quality risks in our supply chain, in 2019 we
                                  that no more than 10% of total energy/calorie       continued to collaborate with suppliers of key
                                  consumption come from added sugars.                 primary ingredients and packaging materials.
                                  To help tackle consumption of added sugar           This collaboration helped us eliminate quality
                                  we support UNESDA’s pledge. In this context,        incidents related to suppliers in 2019.
                                  we have committed to reduce calories per
                                  100ml of sparkling soft drinks by 25%               In 2019, we continued our strong focus
                                  between 2015 and 2025, across all of our            on enhancing our training and capabilities
                                  markets. The reduction we achieved in 2019          in regard to product quality and food safety.
                                  compared to the 2015 baseline was 12%.              As the result of best-in-class industry
                                                                                      benchmarking, each of our markets has
                                                                                      developed tailored plans to support and
                                                                                      further develop our quality and food
                                                                                      safety culture.
30   COCA-COLA HBC




                            2
                         GROWTH PILLAR


                         WIN IN THE
                         MARKETPLACE
 KPIs                    Highlights in 2019
 • FX-neutral revenue    • Continued improvement in customer satisfaction results and launch of new
   growth                  customer satisfaction pulse survey
 • Volume growth
                         • Improvements in customer coverage, including time spent with customers,
 • FX-neutral revenue
   per case growth         with greater sales force specialisation to enable our 24/7 strategy
                         • Accelerated use of new technology, including connected coolers, sales force
 Stakeholders
                           automation, image recognition and web-based ordering
         Our customers   • Holistic approach to building growth capabilities, including revenue growth
         Shareholders      management and key account management, by defining prioritised actions
                           per capability
         The Coca-Cola
         Company​
                         Priorities in 2020
 Risks                   • Leverage data and advanced analytics to improve segmented execution
 • Channel mix           • Step up in indirect partner management and data sharing
 • Geopolitical and      • Launch of new business developers’ academy to drive our sales force’s
   macroeconomic
 • Quality​
                           capability to deliver improved customer service, performance and execution
                           and ensure successful onboarding for new business developers
                         • Strengthen our relationship with e-retailers and start deep partnering with
                           new channels to achieve higher market share online
                         • Launch of internal validation and certification process to share best practices
                           and accelerate the development of our prioritised growth capabilities
                                                                                                       INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      31
                                                                                                                                               SR

                                                                                                                                               CG

                                                                                                                                               FS

                                                                                                                                               SSR

                                                                                                                                               SI




                                            Capturing growth opportunities requires more     As a result of this model, in 2019 we were
Route-to-market                             than a strong product portfolio. It is equally   recognised as the top supplier for traditional
                                            necessary to have excellence in execution,       outlets in three additional countries compared
approach                                    successfully serving every customer through      with 2018. We increased our share of
Our route-to-market approach is about       every outlet for every occasion, 24/7.           satisfied customers by 2% to 68.6% in 2019,
converting our strategy into excellent                                                       and we maintained our high share of satisfied
execution at every point of sale. In line   Our success is dependent on the success of
                                                                                             key account customers at 81%.
with our improving portfolio, we are        our customers. When our customers are able
continuously strengthening our route        to generate profits by selling our products,     We also launched customer pulse surveys
to market and partnering with our           they demand more products from an                during the year to listen and respond to our
customers to bring our 24/7 portfolio       expanded range. Joint value creation is          partners’ needs even more frequently. Pulse
into the hands of our consumers faster      therefore key to both category and market        surveys allow us to analyse satisfaction levels
and with greater efficiency.                share expansion as well as profitable growth.    by region, channel and outlet segment for a
                                                                                             more targeted response.
Our targeted and segmented way              There are two pillars underpinning our joint
of serving our customers, with an           value creation process: our next-generation      To optimise strategies undertaken together
appropriate level of sales force            customer approach and our industry-leading       with our customers, we are developing
specialisation and combined with the        commercial capabilities.                         more powerful analytic tools to assess
utilisation of new technologies, gives                                                       commercial decisions and better understand
us a competitive advantage to win           Partnering with customers                        the investment and returns required.
in the marketplace.                         Our next-generation customer partnership         Our customers are also developing their
                                            model allows us to generate powerful insights    own offerings.
                                            from customer data, which supports tailored      The HoReCa channel remains a key focus,
                                            execution plans implemented in collaboration     as it is pivotal in driving premiumisation and
                                            with our partners. We start by commissioning     building the right consumer experience
                                            an annual survey of more than 16,000             around our brands. We leverage the expertise
                                            customers, comparing ourselves with other        of our centres of excellence in Croatia and
                                            beverage suppliers. This survey allows us to     Greece to build a shared value proposition,
                                            understand the challenges and opportunities      provide a bespoke service to our customers
                                            our customers are encountering, meaning we       and capitalise on available synergies.
                                            can identify how to become better partners
                                            and continue to exceed their expectations.       Prioritising critical capabilities
                                            This approach is helping us to develop           for growth
                                            stronger and more productive customer
                                                                                             The second pillar underpinning our growth is
                                            partnerships and provides a platform for
                                                                                             our industry-leading commercial capabilities.
                                            us to continue building these relationships.
                                                                                             This includes a game-changing approach to
                                                                                             revenue growth management, which makes
                                                                                             our business more sustainable and profitable,
                                                                                             and excellent sales execution, which lets us
                                                                                             offer the right range of products and
                                                                                             services to our customers while remaining
                                                                                             cost competitive.
32    COCA-COLA HBC




Win in the marketplace continued

By improving revenue growth management,           Leveraging technology for better
we aim to maximise value from every               execution
transaction. Our new revenue growth
                                                  Our route-to-market approach converts our
management framework, developed in
                                                  strategy into excellent execution at every
partnership with The Coca-Cola Company,
                                                  point of sale. These efforts are increasingly
makes better use of big data and advanced
                                                  segmented, with implementation plans for
analytics, giving us deep insight across
                                                  almost 300 initiatives across our markets.
different channels, customers and types
                                                  Increasingly, new technology frees up time
of shoppers. This has led to fundamental
                                                  needed by our sales force to focus on
changes in planning, and it empowers our
                                                  channel and product specialisation.
markets to make the right strategic decisions.                                                      UN Sustainable
                                                  We have equipped our sales teams with a
In the last few years, we have continued                                                            Development Goals
                                                  sales force automation tool, which helps our
to expand our portfolio and make it more                                                            As we build our business by
                                                  people provide the very best service quality.
consumer centric, along with an increased                                                           helping our customers to grow
                                                  This platform uses a range of customer data,
focus on consumer occasions. At the same                                                            and thrive, we make substantial
                                                  including from connected coolers,
time, we have striven to improve category                                                           contributions to the
                                                  suggesting activities with the biggest impact
and package mix, focusing on portfolio                                                              achievement of the Sustainable
                                                  for each customer visit, and recommending
premiumisation, brand stratification and                                                            Development Goals related to
                                                  products and quantities to be ordered whilst
growing sales of single-serve packages.                                                             ending poverty, decent work,
                                                  reducing administrative tasks.
These are all crucial to our revenue                                                                sustainable communities,
growth approach.                                  We have increased our investment in coolers       responsible production,
                                                  over the past few years. Our cooler coverage      justice and strong institutions,
As an example, in Russia we created a plan
                                                  reached 87% of our top customer outlets by        and partnerships.
to address the challenges of low per-capita
                                                  the end of 2019, amounting to 1.43 million
consumption and overall affordability of
                                                  coolers, of which 28% are energy-efficient.
Coca-Cola products, combining consumer
                                                  This investment serves to drive immediate
insights, pack-price architecture and
                                                  consumption and increases revenue per
promotions to create a compelling customer
                                                  case. At the same time, we are building a
selling story. One specific initiative was the
                                                  network of connected coolers, which are now
launch of a 900ml package size, which
                                                  present in all of our 28 markets. This
successfully contributed to sales growth.
                                                  technology automatically keeps track of
In Italy, we have successfully used pack-price    inventory and supports promotional
architecture to reverse declines in the           messaging to consumers within close range.
sparkling category and dilution of customer
                                                  In order to improve our in-store execution we
margins. We launched several new packs
                                                  have deployed image recognition
including a 660ml PET bottle with a €1 price
                                                  technology. In Italy for example, our
point as well as a new, smaller, 450ml pack for
                                                  customers are incentivised through a loyalty
on-the-go occasions. In addition, we
                                                  scheme to perform image recognition in our
supported new multi-packs with value-based
                                                  coolers, ensuring the right presence for all
promotions. These moves helped us unlock
                                                  our product categories.
opportunities for smart pricing which led to a
return of sparkling category value growth in      In 2019, we launched Coca-Cola Hellenic’s
the market.                                       first service brand, Qwell by Valser, for
                                                  delivery in Switzerland. The project includes a
As our Revenue Growth Management
                                                  web-based ordering platform and app, and
approach is analytically intensive, it requires
                                                  we have doubled the number of products
the right tools to be supported by our
                                                  available since 2017. This effort is supported
systems. To embed this model, we have
                                                  by a cross-system team, in partnership with
equipped our business units with various
                                                  The Coca-Cola Company, and supports
analytical tools which are fully integrated
                                                  brand launches to fuel growth.
with our digital environment. Our business
developers can now use advanced pricing           In 18 of our markets, we have improved
and assortment optimisation tools which           online ordering and self-service functionality
are allowing us to make the right                 for customers with a solution that fully
strategic decisions.                              integrates SAP platforms with Coca-Cola
                                                  HBC back-end systems. This streamlines
                                                  both ordering and processes for cooler
                                                  servicing, financial claims and order tracking.
                                                  In 2019, we expanded this solution to a total
                                                  of 12,000 customers. In 2020, our focus is on
                                                  expanding the rollout of this solution to
                                                  additional markets and further improving
                                                  customers’ online shopping experience with
                                                  options for email marketing campaigns and
                                                  product proposals.
                                                                                                             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       33
                                                                                                                                                      SR

                                                                                                                                                      CG

                                                                                                                                                      FS

                                                                                                                                                      SSR

Sales force specialisation                       Building customer-centric                         By offering a broader portfolio, with a wider      SI
By segmenting our customers and                  capabilities                                      choice of products, we grow our business
introducing dedicated sales teams                                                                  and those of our customers. In established
                                                 To improve our efforts to partner with our
specialising in specific channels, we are                                                          categories, new recipes, variants and
                                                 customers to drive mutual revenue and profit
unlocking the potential of our 24/7 portfolio.                                                     packages are having a strong impact, while
                                                 growth, we have developed a new framework
                                                                                                   initiatives for new categories are the basis for
We start by understanding the total universe     for end-to-end customer management.
                                                                                                   long-term success.
of outlets, defining different service levels    We are also training and developing the next
and contact options and optimising               generation of key account leaders as we           With every initiative, we are focused on
customer visits by channel and segment.          continue to evolve into an even more              growing the value of our portfolio. For
This process helps us determine the right        customer-centric business.                        example, Coca-Cola Energy yields four
level of specialisation so that we deploy the                                                      times the net sales revenue per unit case
                                                 To accomplish this, we have put in place a
right number of business developers. In big                                                        compared to the non-alcoholic ready-to-
                                                 robust programme of training backed by a
cities, we have launched dedicated teams                                                           drink average. For our customers, this
                                                 targeted development centre to address skill
serving HoReCa key accounts and                                                                    represents increased revenue incremental
                                                 gaps and ensure our people have the right
wholesalers, as well as ambassadors for                                                            to the overall energy category.
                                                 capabilities to take our customer partnerships
coffee and premium spirits.                      forward. As an example, we are setting up         Additionally, we have launched an internal
Meanwhile, our business developers in rural      dedicated negotiation rooms in each market        innovation platform with 6,600 employees
areas are responsible for a mix of customers     for our teams to practise and build their         currently engaged in the scheme. This is a
and products.                                    negotiating skills, ready to meet our             hub for our employees to share their ideas,
                                                 customers’ expectations.                          and so far, we have generated more than
In Italy, over half of the beverage revenue in                                                     4,700 ideas.
the country comes from out-of-home               We are investing in improving leadership skills
consumption, but just over a third of our        and intensifying the involvement of leaders in    We also engage with external parties in our
revenues in the market come from this            talent development. We have also launched a       quest for innovation, partnering with leading
channel. We have addressed this with a           simplified people-powered process for             universities and start-ups.
specialised sales force, supported by digital    performance and talent management which
prospecting tools, adding 34,000 high            incorporates regular feedback from peers          Big data and advanced analytics
potential outlets to our business developers’    and customers. This is part of our effort to      As we seek to become more innovative and
routes. Since we began this approach in          improve employee experiences, with                customer-centric, we are leveraging our data
2017, we improved our coverage from 23%          increased focus on hiring, onboarding and         and investing in advanced analytic tools to
to 51% by the end of 2019.                       career discussions.                               identify and capture value creation and
                                                                                                   improve our service and operations.
Our tailored approach for the emerging           Disciplined innovation
e-commerce and at-work channels supports                                                           In Nigeria, where trade is very fragmented,
                                                 As we become the leading 24/7 beverage            advanced analytics have given us the ability
product cross-selling.
                                                 partner, we are unlocking growth potential in     to segment our outlets to the same degree
We are pleased with the results we have          segments outside our core sparkling portfolio.    we had previously achieved in our other
achieved, through customer segmentation          New product launches accounted for 4.2pp          markets. This allows us to have different
and sales force specialisation. Our outlet       of our volume growth in 2019, the result of       activations for different outlet segments,
coverage was up 6% to 68% in 2019 and time       our disciplined approach to innovation.           addressing different drinking occasions. In
with customers up 3% in 2019 compared to
                                                                                                   Lagos, for example, we were able to target
the prior year.
                                                                                                   the Easter occasion in outlets near major
                                                                                                   churches, with additional premium products
                                                                                                   in more affluent areas.
                                                                                                   We aim to build and sustain this critical



                                                 “
                                                                                                   capability as a long-term competitive
                                                                                                   advantage.
                                                                                                   Data and advanced analytics techniques are
                         BY SEGMENTING OUR                                                         also supporting our segmented execution
                           CUSTOMERS AND                                                           model, providing suggested activities to our
                                                                                                   sales force, including recommended orders
                      INTRODUCING DEDICATED                                                        with specific products and quantities to
                    SALES TEAMS SPECIALISING IN                                                    minimise out-of-stock incidents.

                     SPECIFIC CHANNELS, WE ARE
                     UNLOCKING THE POTENTIAL
                       OF OUR 24/7 PORTFOLIO.“
34   COCA-COLA HBC




                               3
                            GROWTH PILLAR


                            FUEL GROWTH
                            THROUGH
                            COMPETITIVENESS
                            & INVESTMENT
 KPIs                       Highlights in 2019
 • OpEx as a % of NSR       • Introduced automatic line changeovers to improve production flexibility
 • CapEx as a % of NSR      • Invested in augmented reality technology for increased efficiency
 • Comparable EBIT margin   • Continued investing in automatic guided vehicles and high-bay warehouses
 • ROIC                     • Invested in growth-focused areas such as big data and advanced analytics, production
 Stakeholders                 capacity and connected coolers
         Partners in
                            • Introduced 100% recycled PET in four water brands
         efficiencies
         Shareholders       Priorities in 2020
                            • Continue increasing production flexibility to support our 24/7 portfolio and innovation
 Risks                      • Continue to focus on automation in all areas including production and warehousing
 • Cyber incidents          • Introduce innovative carton packaging to reduce plastic use
 • Foreign exchange and     • Invest in new technology to produce 100% recycled PET widely at an affordable cost
   commodity costs
 • Geopolitical and
   macroeconomic
 • Ethics and compliance
                                                                                                           INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       35
                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                     SSR

                                                                                                                                                     SI




Optimising infrastructure                       At our distribution centre in Northern           In 27 of our plants, we are now using smart
Our drive to optimise and develop our           Greece, we piloted augmented reality glasses     glasses to resolve production line issues
infrastructure to support growth and produce    to help our warehouse colleagues find            faster, capitalising on remote technical
an expanded 24/7 portfolio continued in         products and pack orders for delivery. The       support from equipment manufacturers.
2019. By centralising our production planning   positive results, with improvements in service   This technology helps us resolve emergency
system for the whole Group, with each plant     and transaction speed and excellence, led us     incidents 70% faster than if a technician had
serving regional needs, we have been able to    to introduce the technology to an additional     to come to resolve problems on site and it will
meet market demand with speed and agility.      seven locations in 2019 and we plan for          be rolled out in an additional 16 plants in 2020.
We are currently expanding production           further rollout across our 28 markets in 2020.
                                                                                                 Across the business since 2008, our
capacity in targeted markets, including         Beyond logistics, we also improved our           optimisation work has resulted in a 30%
Nigeria and Russia, where we anticipate         manufacturing efficiency. In Bulgaria and the    reduction in plants, from 80 to 56 at the end
strong future growth.                           Czech Republic, we introduced automatic          of 2019. At the same time, we increased our
To support innovation, we upgraded              line changeovers to reduce idle production       production lines per plant by 40% which
production lines so that our manufacturing      time and increase our effective production       allowed us to maintain our capacity and
capabilities reflect our diverse product        capacity. These lines are particularly well      create more efficient and flexible facilities.
portfolio. We made investments to support       suited for small batch production, which         To improve our service offering while
the new premium glass packaging for             improves our flexibility and helps us cater to   reducing our costs, we have also reduced
FUZETEA in the Czech Republic and Romania       changing consumer preferences. Additional        our distribution centres by 65% and our
and for Coca-Cola Energy in Hungary. During     investment in automatic line changeovers         warehouses by 34% over the same
the year, we also made additional               is planned for 2020 in Poland, Romania           time period.
investments to support the production of        and Russia.
                                                                                                 Nigeria is a good example of our focus
Cappy Lemonade and Coca-Cola signature          We have implemented split maintenance,           on≈fuelling growth through investments
mixers in Romania.                              which spreads maintenance activities more        in efficiency. The country represents a key
Investments made in Italy during the year       evenly across the year, and we are moving        growth market for our business and one
included new production capabilities for        towards a predictive maintenance model.          of the most challenging environments from
different package sizes, a new aseptic PET      The move from one annual maintenance             a supply chain perspective. Since 2014,
line at our Nogara plant to accommodate our     overhaul for manufacturing equipment to a        we have reduced our Nigerian production
expanded 24/7 portfolio and new TriBlock        more spread out maintenance schedule             footprint by 38% while optimising our
technology in a PET line in our Marcianise      helped us reduce down time by                    logistics network with a 74% reduction
plant. TriBlock technology helps us use         approximately 6,500 production hours in          in distribution centres. By eliminating
production space more efficiently and reduce    2019 compared with 2018. We made our first       non-essential infrastructure and costs,
water and energy consumption.                   investments in predictive maintenance            the country has become more efficient
                                                during the year, using machine learning to       and flexible for further growth.
To manage the increased output from our         recognise patterns and generate insights to
mega plants and the complexity of our           further improve the efficiency and
expanded 24/7 portfolio, we continued           effectiveness of our maintenance schedule.
investing in automation for our high-capacity
warehouses. Automated warehouses, and           In the five plants where this technology has
automatic guided vehicles, improve both         been introduced, emergency breakdowns
efficiency and service quality.                 have been reduced by 30% resulting in a 2%
                                                increase in line capacity.
36   COCA-COLA HBC




Fuel growth through competitiveness & investment continued

Leveraging technology and big data                Robotic process automation                      Smarter procurement and
We are making investments in technology to        and master data                                 joint initiatives
provide a better and faster service. In 2019,     Following the 2018 implementation of            As part of ongoing efforts to digitalise our
we continued building a powerful network of       robotic process automation (RPA) to execute     procurement processes, we are
connected coolers that maximises                  basic tasks in our shared Business Service      implementing a variety of new tools. We
performance by tracking door openings,            Organisation (BSO) in Sofia, we achieved cost   kicked off the implementation of SAP Ariba
supporting automatic stocking and ordering        and process efficiencies. During 2019, we       e-procurement software across our
and freeing up time for sales people to spend     expanded RPA use to additional processes in     Company, a process we expect to complete
with our customers.                               Sofia and in our Russian BSO, automating a      by 2021. We also launched a new digitally-
A productivity assessment in Bulgaria found       total of 102 processes.                         based buying platform to procure materials
that connected coolers increased sales team                                                       supporting our trade marketing. Following an
                                                  For example, we now have an RPA application
productivity by 117 minutes per month,                                                            initial rollout to four markets, it will be
                                                  extracting customer balances from SAP and
equivalent to four selling days per year, while                                                   implemented in all of our other markets by
                                                  sending them to customers by email and
boosting incremental sales by 3.2%.                                                               late 2020. We have selected the Merkateo
                                                  creating payment batches for weekly supplier
                                                                                                  procurement platform as our preferred
Our sales force automation tool gives our         payments. In 2020, we will implement this
                                                                                                  solution for cost-effectively managing
sales people easy access to critical data,        technology in other areas of the organisation
                                                                                                  smaller procurement orders, based on the
including information from coolers, in a single   including supply chain management, treasury
                                                                                                  success of a 2019 pilot in Austria. The
user-friendly solution which is tablet-based in   and human resources.
                                                                                                  platform will be available in seven markets by
most markets. This technology boosts sales        Another area of enhanced efficiency is          the end of 2020.
process effectiveness and agility with            maintenance of our Company data relating
real-time performance measurement and                                                             Changes in regulation in the EU sugar market
                                                  to customers, suppliers and materials, called
execution tracking. Across our markets in                                                         have brought it more in line with global price
                                                  master data. We have implemented a new
2019, we increased the use of our sales force                                                     setting practices, subsequently affecting
                                                  technology solution that has not only
automation tool by 7pp compared with                                                              global sugar prices. Capitalising on this
                                                  improved the quality and accuracy of our
the prior year.                                                                                   opportunity along with other Coca-Cola
                                                  master data but has also reduced the cost
                                                                                                  bottlers, we have requested that all our sugar
We are also investing in big data and             per processed transaction.
                                                                                                  suppliers offer pricing formulas that
advanced analytics to identify and capture                                                        reference the world benchmark contract for
value creation opportunities. Leveraging our                                                      raw sugar trading. This gives us the option to
extensive customer and market data allows                                                         use financial derivatives to mitigate the risk of
us to make better decisions faster and                                                            sugar price volatility.
implement laser-focused initiatives that
generate incremental value. In select Nigerian                                                    In line with our continuous efforts to improve
outlets where we trialled this approach in                                                        operational efficiency and support our
2019, we achieved a 32% average increase in                                                       sustainability agenda, we have worked to
sales volumes.                                                                                    continuously improve and reduce product
                                                                                                  packaging. Efforts to make our cans the
In addition to outlet segmentation, our                                                           lightest in the market are underway, with an
investments in analytics allow further                                                            aim of reducing our average aluminium can
optimisation in supply chain, minimising                                                          weight by 2%. We managed to reduce the
out-of-stocks with faster, more efficient                                                         weight of our 33cl can by 4% during 2019,
responses to demand fluctuations. In 2020,                                                        and expect to achieve an additional 4%
we will deploy a machine learning solution                                                        reduction by 2021.
that will have a demand forecasting process
based on analytics in Italy, Greece, Romania
and Poland.
                                                                                                    INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019         37
                                                                                                                                               SR

                                                                                                                                               CG

                                                                                                                                               FS

                                                                                                                                               SSR




“       OUR SALES FORCE AUTOMATION TOOL                                                   Sustainable sourcing                                 SI
                                                                                          The sourcing of our raw materials accounts
        GIVES OUR SALES PEOPLE EASY ACCESS                                                for a large portion of our economic,
        TO CRITICAL DATA, INCLUDING                                                       operational and environmental footprint,
                                                                                          and the behaviour of our suppliers directly
        INFORMATION FROM COOLERS, IN A                                                    impacts our sustainability performance.
                                                                                          We therefore consider our suppliers as
        SINGLE USER‑FRIENDLY SOLUTION WHICH                                               critical partners, as well as contributors to
        IS TABLET-BASED IN MOST MARKETS.“                                                 the ongoing and sustainable success of
                                                                                          our business.
                                                                                          As part of the Coca-Cola System, we have a
                                     We are making similar improvements to
                                                                                          uniform approach to sustainable agriculture,
                                     plastic packaging. Our aggressive PET bottle
                                                                                          which is rooted in the principles of protecting
                                     light-weighting programme reduced our
                                                                                          the environment, upholding human and
                                     Group-wide use of PET by 6,000 tonnes
                                                                                          workplace rights, and helping to build more
                                     in 2019 compared with the prior year.
                                                                                          sustainable communities. These principles
                                     We introduced our first 100% recycled PET
                                                                                          are showcased in The Coca-Cola Company’s
                                     bottles for water brands in Austria, Ireland,
                                                                                          Sustainable Agriculture Guiding Principles,
                                     Switzerland, Croatia and Romania as part
                                                                                          which provide guidance to our suppliers
                                     of a long-term effort to increase our use
                                                                                          of agricultural ingredients.
                                     of recycled PET. In 2020, we will continue
                                     to expand this approach and we will invest in        The scale and uniform approach of the
                                     an innovative technological solution in Poland       Coca-Cola System helps us source our
                                     to produce 100% recycled PET bottles.                raw materials sustainably, while mitigating
                                                                                          business risks. This helps us balance the costs
                                     We are also one of the first bottlers in the
                                                                                          of sustainability by leveraging relationships
                                     Coca-Cola System to move to replace plastic
                                                                                          and initiating new opportunities, ensuring that
                                     wrap on can multi-packs with a sustainable,
                                                                                          our agricultural suppliers and their suppliers
                                     paperboard packaging solution, KeelClip™.
                                                                                          have a sustainable business. All suppliers are
                                     The first countries to start introducing this
                                                                                          required to meet our Supplier Guiding
                                     will be Ireland, Poland, Austria and Romania.
                                                                                          Principles. These principles communicate
                                     Meanwhile, we are exploring other sustainable
                                                                                          our values and expectations of compliance
                                     solutions to replace stretch and shrink films.
                                                                                          with all applicable laws, and emphasise
                                     We have guidelines and tools for supplier            the importance of responsible workplace
                                     selection and governance, including Supplier         practices that respect human rights.
                                     Guiding Principles, and sustainability criteria
                                                                                          This framework for sustainable sourcing is
                                     for supplier selection are an integral part of our
                                                                                          integrated into internal governance and
                                     supply assessment process. On an ongoing
                                                                                          procurement processes. Our 2025 target
                                     basis, we monitor the activities of our critical
                                                                                          for ingredient sourcing is to achieve 100%
                                     suppliers through our internal supply base
                                                                                          certification of our key agricultural ingredients
                                     assessments, audits of compliance and the
                                                                                          against the Sustainable Agriculture Guiding
                                     EcoVadis platform. EcoVadis helps us
                                                                                          Principles. In 2019, 74% of the key commodities
                                     monitor a range of risks using 21 criteria from
                                                                                          we purchased for use as ingredients were
                                     international standard setters including the
                                                                                          certified, up from 64% in 2018. Our work to
                                     UN Global Compact, ISO 26000, the Global
                                                                                          certify our key agricultural ingredients will
                                     Reporting Initiative and the International
                                                                                          continue to expand in 2020, with close
                                     Labour Organization.
                                                                                          cooperation with suppliers who are still
UN Sustainable                       In 2019, more than 450 of our critical               progressing towards certification.
Development Goals                    suppliers were assessed using EcoVadis and
                                     our plans are to expand the use of these
Our sustained efforts to reduce      assessments for better, more objective
our costs and improve our            supplier monitoring.
impact have generated
significant results for our          To increase awareness of sustainability in our
business, our communities,           supply chain, during 2019 we held sustainability
society and the environment.         days with strategic suppliers in Russia,
These results correspond to          Austria and Hungary. These events create
contributions to the Sustainable     opportunities to identify joint sustainability
Development Goals for clean          initiatives and share our corporate social
water and sanitation, clean          responsibility policy, sustainability
energy, economic growth,             commitments and best practices.
industry innovation, sustainable
communities, responsible
production, climate action,
life below water and life on land.
38   COCA-COLA HBC




                                4
                             GROWTH PILLAR


                             CULTIVATE THE
                             POTENTIAL OF
                             OUR PEOPLE
 KPIs                        Highlights in 2019
 • Employee engagement       • Evolved approach to values and culture to better support agility, learning and
 • Percentage of managers      transformation, ensuring we are fit for the future
   that are women
                             • Improvement of employee engagement score by 2pp to 90%, compared to 2018
 • Lost time accident rate
                             • Established an Agility Centre of Excellence to support improvements in speed
 Stakeholders                  to market, productivity and cultural evolution
         Our people          • Transitioned our robust yet traditional performance management to an
                               employee‑driven continuous process, focused on results, behaviours and mindset
 Risks                       • Improved our social media presence to engage and attract the best talent
 • People
                             • The Board appointed Charlotte Boyle as the designated non-Executive Director
 • Geopolitical and            for workforce engagement
   macroeconomic
 • Health and safety         Priorities in 2020
                             • Inspiring and activating our people to live our culture
                             • Investment in transformational leadership and the personal growth of our people
                             • Accelerating the development of our six prioritised organisational growth capabilities
                             • A step change to the digital and personal ambassadorship of our leaders in order
                               to attract the best talent
                             • Fostering agile ways of working to improve the productivity of our empowered
                               and motivated teams
                                                                                                                        INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019          39
                                                                                                                                                                    SR

                                                                                                                                                                    CG

                                                                                                                                                                    FS

                                                                                                                                                                    SSR

                                                                                                                                                                    SI




Cultivating the potential of our people is           An inclusive culture                                   We know that committed employees provide
one of the five pillars of our growth strategy.      to empower people                                      the best experience for our customers, and
We know that to achieve our vision and our                                                                  we therefore listen to their voice carefully and
                                                     One of our greatest strengths is our
growth objectives, we need to develop our                                                                   act on what we hear.
                                                     values-based culture which is built on six
people, our culture and our critical                                                                        In 2019, our Employee Engagement Index
                                                     Growth Mindset Values. As our Company
organisational capabilities with even greater                                                               score improved by two percentage points
                                                     evolves in the face of changes in our
speed and effectiveness. We also understand                                                                 from 2018, to 90%. We kept participation
                                                     operating environment, we advanced our
that in this dynamic talent market the                                                                      quite high, at 87% of our people, despite
                                                     enduring values in 2019.
relationship between organisations and their                                                                keeping the survey open for only three days.
people is changing.                                  Next to the timeless values of excellence and
                                                     customer-centricity, we are increasing focus           By partnering with Willis Towers Watson, we
We aim to make our Company an irresistible                                                                  are able to benchmark our performance
                                                     on the continual learning and smart risk-taking
place to work, where employees feel heard,                                                                  against other companies in our industry and
                                                     necessary to manage fast-paced change.
valued, supported and motivated to realise                                                                  in the Coca‑Cola System, as well as other
their full potential. To attract and retain          We know that introducing new values is not
                                                                                                            high-performing companies. Our 2019
the capable, committed people our business           enough; culture must be embedded
                                                                                                            results strengthened our leading position in
requires, we strive to provide a                     throughout the organisation and progress
                                                                                                            our industry and among the Coca-Cola
workplace where:                                     measured. We use employee engagement
                                                                                                            System companies. Our score is 1% above
                                                     surveys, evidence-based feedback from
• Talented people have the opportunity for                                                                  the Willis Towers Watson’s high-performing
                                                     direct reports, peers and customers and
  unique, personalised experiences and                                                                      norm and considerably higher than the 81%
                                                     quarterly reflection on how employees
  personal and professional growth;                                                                         average for FTSE 100 companies
                                                     demonstrate growth mindset behaviours to
• Our talent pipeline is a source of adaptive                                                               participating in the Willis Towers Watson
                                                     understand how our culture evolves.
  and disruptive leaders who are fully fit for                                                              benchmarking pool.
  the future;                                        To bring our culture to life, we fostered internal
                                                                                                            Engagement survey respondents reported
                                                     discussions about our behaviours and mindset
• High achievers and curious learners are                                                                   that they are proud to be part of the
                                                     at Culture Lab workshops held across the
  empowered to make decisions and take                                                                      company and, compared with 2018, were 2%
                                                     Company in 2019. As we move forward, our
  smart risks; and                                                                                          more likely to recommend Coca-Cola HBC
                                                     focus is on embedding our culture into ways
• Learning is deeply embedded while                                                                         as a good place to work. Respondents also
                                                     of working, structures and processes across
  diversity is leveraged as a source of energy                                                              expressed an interest in more clarity about
                                                     our markets. We also aligned our employee
  and innovation.                                                                                           the Company’s strategy.
                                                     engagement survey with our new values,
                                                     sharpened its focus and increased the survey
                                                     frequency from once to twice a year.



   Our six Growth Mindset Values are:

   WINNING WITH              NURTURING OUR           EXCELLENCE               INTEGRITY                   LEARNING                    PERFORMING AS ONE
   CUSTOMERS                 PEOPLE                  We strive for            We always do what           We listen, have a natural   We collaborate with
   We are the selling        We believe in our       unparalleled             is right, not just          curiosity to learn and      agility to unlock the
   organisation devoted to   people, and have a      performance by           what is easy, and           are empowered to take       unique strength of our
   providing innovative      passion to develop      amazing customers        are accountable             smart risks.                diverse teams.
   solutions to create       ourselves and others.   with our passion         for the results.
   shared value.                                     and speed.
40    COCA-COLA HBC




Cultivate the potential of our people continued

Managing performance for growth                    Our investments in attracting talent, training,   The number of people following Coca-Cola
We made a very bold change in our                  technology and process improvements               HBC as an employer on social media also
performance management approach in 2019,           are driven by these priorities: big data and      increased by more than 50%, exceeding
moving from manager-led performance to             advanced analytics, revenue growth                300,000 followers by the end of 2019.
continuous conversations focused on results,       management, route to market, key account
                                                                                                     Our ability to develop leaders internally is an
behaviours and mindset with mutual                 management, disciplined innovation and
                                                                                                     important competitive advantage, ensuring
accountability. These feedback loops are a         talent development.
                                                                                                     cultural continuity. Career progression
critical part of evolving our culture and          Through our ongoing Innovation for Growth         depends on long-term performance and
supporting continuous learning and agility.        initiative, 6,600 participating employees         potential, as well as alignment with our values.
We are especially proud of the high                generated 4,700 new ideas in 2019, twice the      In 2019, we simplified our talent review
participation rates in evidence-based              amount generated in 2018. In 2020, we will        approach, making the career outlook for our
feedback sessions where our people and             step up our focus and investment in this          people more understandable and eliminating
teams provide continuous feedback and              programme and we will launch an upgraded          unnecessary complexity. Our focus on
learn from each other. In the last quarter of      platform that will support faster realisation     succession for business unit function
2019, more than 80% of our people provided         of new ideas.                                     heads also paid off as we increased our
feedback to their teams.                           To engage people and maximise learning            successor pool for this critical workforce
                                                   from critical work experiences, development       segment in 2019.
We also simplified our leadership model
during 2019, introducing new leadership            programmes use a mix of in-person and             Our leadership plays an essential role in
standards with six prioritised leadership          online training. 95% of online employees          ensuring that we have the best teams, with
capabilities. These are: empowers, thinks          completed digital learning programmes in 2019.    every leader accountable for attracting,
customers, fosters agility, collaborates, builds   Our use of digital learning further increased     developing, retaining and engaging the right
talent and drives impact. These six                in 2019, reaching 70% of all programmes           talent, and then empowering them to
capabilities focus on both results and             completed. Learning through conversations         execute our strategy. We remain committed
behaviours to ensure that our people balance       and knowledge sharing complements formal          to enhancing talent development as our
short- and long-term objectives and                learning. In 2019, 286 employees participated     lighthouse organisational capability.
demonstrate desired growth behaviours.             in mentoring and 568 in formal leadership
                                                   coaching programmes.
                                                                                                     Championing diversity, inclusion
In our effort to foster agility, we established                                                      and human rights
a centre of expertise for agile working in 2019    Leadership acceleration centres have been
with a multi-year plan to introduce the agile                                                        Respect for individuals is at the core of our
                                                   established to support unlocking the
methodology, run projects and introduce                                                              values and we foster behaviours that create
                                                   potential of our talents and the development
elements of agility into our culture and                                                             an inclusive culture. These behaviours can be
                                                   of future leaders. This helps our people
organisation. Through this effort, we                                                                found in our formal Inclusion and Diversity
                                                   understand their strengths and the areas of
conducted eight major projects and trained                                                           Policy, our Code of Business Conduct and
                                                   opportunity for development in their current
195 employees in our selected framework                                                              our Human Rights Policy which can be found
                                                   and future roles. We also use functional
for fostering agility. Our aim is to use agility                                                     online at https://coca-colahellenic.com/en/
                                                   development centres to accelerate
to deliver high quality results for customers                                                        about-us/policies.
                                                   functional expertise in our six prioritised
faster and to prioritise, simplify, and improve    organisational capabilities.                      One of our 2025 sustainability commitments
the productivity of our teams.                                                                       is to achieve full gender balance in managerial
                                                   To accelerate the development of more
In 2019, we further digitalised our workplace                                                        positions. Our CEO also formalised our
                                                   than 600 people with leadership potential,
and introduced cloud-based applications for                                                          commitment to diversity and inclusion in
                                                   we further improved experiential learning
ongoing feedback and performance                                                                     2019 by signing the CEO pledge of the LEAD
                                                   through our Fast Forward programmes.
management as part of our HELO (hiring,                                                              Network Europe, which aims to accelerate
                                                   This programme received the 2019 Excellence
empowering and learning online) platform.                                                            gender parity and drive inclusion. In support
                                                   in Practice Award from the Association for
We also upgraded technologies for                                                                    of gender balance, we are building a strong
                                                   Talent Development. Within 12 months
personalised learning as well as for talent                                                          pipeline of female leaders and a support
                                                   of graduating from this high-potential
identification and selection. The video                                                              network to help women in our business.
                                                   programme, 81% of the graduates were
interviewing and the new selection                 promoted. Promotion rates among the
applications improve candidate experience,         graduates of our management trainee               Employee engagement:
provide additional insights for selection                                                            outperforming peer companies (%)
                                                   programme improved as well due to our
decisions and improve hiring speed. HELO           efforts to create a more effective entry point
                                                                                                     90


                                                                                                                                 CCHBC 90
is available to all our online employees,




                                                                                                                                            High-performing norm 89
                                                                                                           CCHBC 89
                                                   for our leadership pipeline.


                                                                                                                      CCHBC 88



                                                                                                                                                                      Coca-Cola System 85
democratising learning, accelerating


                                                                                                                                                                                            FTSE 100 81
                                                                                                     75
development and helping our people fulfil          Attracting and developing talent
their potential.                                   To support our efforts to recruit the best        60
                                                   teams, we refreshed our employer value
Invest in building the best teams                  proposition and improved our social media         45
in the industry                                    presence. Investments in recruiting help us
In addition to introducing six prioritised         retain nine out of ten new hires.                 30
leadership capabilities for our people,            We are particularly proud of the 60
as a Company we are focusing on six                recognitions we received across our 28            15
organisational capabilities that can               countries, reflecting different measurements
accelerate our growth and performance.             of employer attractiveness.                       0     17         18         19         19                        19                    19
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      41
                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                       SSR

We increased the percentage of management       We regularly review our policies and internal    Support for wellbeing                                 SI
roles held by women by 1pp in 2019, to 38%      standards to ensure we adhere to all             At Coca-Cola HBC, all of our employees have
compared with 37% in 2018. At the end           applicable laws and regulations. In line with    access to a range of health and wellbeing
of 2019, women made up 29% of our total         that, in 2019 we updated our Code of             programmes. Our approach to employee
workforce. Our newly established Diversity      Business Conduct. To ensure awareness and        wellbeing exemplifies our values and
and Inclusion Council closely monitors          understanding across our entire workforce,       enhances engagement and productivity.
our progress.                                   our Code of Business Conduct is
                                                acknowledged by all employees.                   To help employees financially, we offer
We foster diversity in our talent pipeline by                                                    benefits such as pensions, a savings scheme
recruiting a balanced number of male and        To ensure we continue to drive improvement       and life insurance, and assistance with
female management trainees. In keeping          in this area, in 2019 we held a cross-           financial planning and literacy. Emotional
with this approach, 62% of the management       functional workshop on human rights with         wellbeing is addressed through on-site
trainees we hired in 2019 were women.           external guests to challenge our thinking.       counselling, relaxation techniques, and
To promote awareness and understanding          In addition, we have a well-publicised           energy balance programmes. To support
of the importance of diversity and inclusion    whistleblower system, and we investigate all     social wellbeing, we host events for families
for our business, we launched a diversity       reported issues and incidents.                   and employee bonding and team building.
and inclusion communication campaign.                                                            We have developed a Health and Dependent
Also in 2019, leadership modules to develop     Health and safety                                Care Framework designed to address the
ambassadors of inclusion were launched          The health and safety of our people and          wellbeing needs of our employees. In each of
in five languages.                              contractors is managed as a principal risk,      our countries, employees are offered at least
Our Human Rights Policy covers diversity,       emphasising the critical importance of           one programme option for both health and
collective bargaining and workplace security    ensuring the wellbeing of everyone in our        dependent care. Healthcare initiatives include
and is guided by international human rights     workplaces.                                      medical and health insurance benefits,
principles, such as the International Labour    While the number of employee workplace           preventative measures such as medical
Organization’s international labour standards   accidents fell for the tenth consecutive year    check-ups, subsidised gym memberships
and the UN Guiding Principles on Business       in 2019, regrettably, nine contractors died      and nutrition information. We also offer our
and Human Rights (also known as the Ruggie      in road accidents. There were no employee        people a range of dependent care initiatives,
Framework). Given that we also expect our       fatalities. The Lost Time Accident Rate          including dependent care leave, subsidies for
partners to respect these workplace values,     (LTAR) was 0.33, compared with 0.39 in 2018.     school activities and supplies, internships and
our Supplier Guiding Principles are aligned     All contractors are invited to attend a safety   career days.
with our Human Rights Policy.                   induction course and other ongoing training.     Across the Company, we promote the use
                                                Our fleet safety training programmes aim         of flexible working. Under our flexible working
                                                to improve safety for all drivers within the     framework, over a quarter of our total
                                                Group. The blend of online, classroom and        workforce now has options for flex-time,
                                                on-the-road training elements is adjusted        remote working, job sharing, part-time work
                                                for different groups, reflecting their           and compressed working arrangements.
                                                relative risk classification. Overall, 5,407     Flexible working arrangements involve a
                                                participants completed these programmes          partnership between managers and
                                                in 2019, with an average 7% safety               employees that supports wellness
                                                knowledge improvement.                           and productivity.

                                                To reduce the number of road accidents,
                                                we continued installing collision avoidance
                                                technology in fleet vehicles. OEM or
                                                MobilEye driver warning systems have now
                                                been installed in 71.7% of the Group’s light
UN Sustainable                                  fleet vehicles.
Development Goals                               As a result of these efforts, the number         Lost Time Accident Rate trend
Efforts to foster an engaging                   of accidents per million kilometres travelled    (# LTA per 100 FTE)
workplace, nurture and develop                  fell to 2.63, compared with 3.67 in 2018.
the capabilities of our people,                 This was our seventh consecutive year            1.4
increase gender balance in our                  of improvement, resulting in a cumulative               1.35
                                                reduction of 71%.                                1.2
management ranks and reduce
stress and support employee                     While we have made much progress                 1.0
wellbeing all contribute toward                 in ensuring safety, we are determined
global goals for development.                   to do more. In 2019, we extended our             0.8
The specific Sustainable                        behaviour‑based safety programme to
Development Goals supported                     53 manufacturing plants, 51 warehouses           0.6
are those for: good health and                  and commercial teams in five countries.          0.4
wellbeing; gender equality;                     Of the barriers to safety identified under                          0.40   0.39            0.20
decent work and economic                        this programme in 2019, 76% have                 0.2                               0.33
growth; reducing inequalities;                  been eliminated.
and peace, justice and                                                                           0.0 2009         2017     2018   2019    2025
strong institutions.                                                                                                                      goal
42    COCA-COLA HBC




                                5
                              GROWTH PILLAR


                              EARN OUR
                              LICENCE
 KPIs

 • Mission 2025
                              TO OPERATE
   sustainability
   commitments
                              Highlights in 2019
 Stakeholders
                              • Increased our community investment by 34% to €10.6 million
         Our communities      • Engaged with 576 partners for community projects
         Our consumers
                              • Secured water supplies for one million people in Nigeria
                              • >118,053 #YouthEmpowered participants – almost twice as many
         Partners in            as in the year before
         efficiencies
         NGOs                 • Collection of primary packaging fully on schedule, 48%
                                (equivalent) recovered
         Shareholders
                              Priorities in 2020
         Governments
                              • Improving effectiveness and impact of #YouthEmpowered
         The Coca-Cola
         Company ​
                                digital platform
                              • Agree next science-based carbon reduction targets aligned with
 Risks
                                the new methodology
 • Sustainability: Plastics
   and packaging waste
 • Sustainability: Climate
   and carbon
 • Sustainability: Water
 • Geopolitical and
   Macroeconomic​
                                                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019           43
                                                                                                                                                                SR

                                                                                                                                                                CG

                                                                                                                                                                FS

                                                                                                                                                                SSR

                                                                                                                                                                SI




                                                Working towards a World                                  We are supporting the development of new
Total community investment
                                                Without Waste                                            infrastructure and improved collection
                                                                                                         systems across all our markets to ensure that
                                                Together with The Coca-Cola Company,
                                                                                                         we collect 75% of our primary packaging for
                                                we have made good progress in making our
                                                                                                         recycling by 2025. As part of these efforts,
                                                packaging have more than one life.
                                                                                                         we are exploring investment opportunities
        €10.6m                                  We are working to achieve 100% recyclability             in PET recycling facilities in various markets.
      in communities                            in advance of the 2025 deadline; 99.9% of our
                                                                                                         We also partner with other organisations
                                                primary packaging is already recyclable.
                                                                                                         and use brand messaging to encourage
                                                We are working to increase our use of recycled           consumers to reuse and recycle. Together
                                                PET across all our packaging. Of the PET                 with The Coca-Cola Company, and with the
                                                material that we used in packaging in 2019,              support of The Coca-Cola Foundation, we
  #Youth Empowered: 31%
  Water stewardship: 33%                        12% was from renewable or recycled                       have engaged in seven zero waste
  World Without Waste: 18%                      materials. We are working to increase this               partnerships during the year and promoted
  Local initiatives: 18%                        percentage to 35% by 2025 and to 50%                     recycling through messaging on packaging
                                                by 2030.                                                 and in stores in several market.
Environmental leadership
                                                Innovative design is a key part of reducing              In partnership with the Italian plastic waste
As we grow our business, we seek to ensure
                                                packaging waste. By light-weighting our                  collection consortium (COREPLA), we
that this growth is sustainable over the long
                                                bottles, we reduced the total PET used                   developed and executed an educational
term and that ecosystems are sustained for
                                                across our portfolio by approximately 25%1               project called Upcycle during 2019, at an
future generations.
                                                vs a 2010 baseline. In 2019 we eliminated                annual public event called “Rimini Meeting”.
Long recognised as an environmental leader      6,000 tonnes of PET plastic compared to                  We provide information about packaging
in the beverage industry. In 2019, we further   2018. We also announced the introduction of              design and market-specific recycling
improved our environmental impact,              KeelClip™, a paperboard packaging solution               processes. In addition to returning to the
particularly regarding packaging. We            which replaces plastic packaging for                     Rimini event in 2020, we are partnering with
introduced the first 100% recycled PET          multi-pack cans. This innovative, minimalist             customers to bring Upcycle to Italian retail
bottles for our water brands sold in Austria,   packaging will roll out in Austria, Ireland,             spaces. With national retailer Finiper, we will
Croatia, Ireland, Romania and Switzerland.      Poland and Romania in 2020, and in our                   take Upcycle to two of Italy’s largest
                                                remaining EU markets by the end of 2021.                 shopping malls.
                                                We believe every package has value and life
                                                beyond its initial use and should be collected
                                                and recycled into either a new package or
                                                another beneficial use. Therefore, we are
                                                striving to create a closed loop, so that old
                                                packaging can become new packaging.
                                                Nearly half, 48%, of the bottles and cans that
                                                we placed in the market in 2019 were either
                                                refilled or collected for recycling.

                                                                                                         Educational project Upcycle at the
                                                1. Considering neutral package mix evolution vs. 2010;
                                                                                                         “Rimini Meeting” event.
                                                   packaging intensity reduction per litre of beverage
                                                   produced is 4% in 2019 vs. 2010.
44   COCA-COLA HBC




Earn our licence to operate continued

Further decreasing CO2 emissions                 In our Greek plants, we have reduced energy        First water stewardship initiative
As a business, we are aware that the effects     required for lighting by 75% by replacing          in Nigeria
of climate change are significant. Our risk      conventional lighting with LED lights. For the
                                                                                                    To improve water security for communities
management efforts to manage and mitigate        impact we achieved through this project, we
                                                                                                    around our production plant in Challawa, we
the impacts of climate change include a focus    received recognition at the Energy Mastering
                                                                                                    made significant investments in water
on: increased cost of energy and raw             Awards 2019.
                                                                                                    infrastructure in 2019. By drilling several new
materials; carbon taxation and regulation;                                                          shallow wells, replacing ageing pipe, and
water sustainability; and business disruption    Securing water availability                        supporting the refurbishment of the Kano
due to severe weather conditions.                Safe, accessible water is essential to human       State Water Board’s water analysis
                                                 health and ecosystems. Water is also the           laboratory, we are helping to ensure that one
Reducing emissions is a strategic priority,
                                                 primary ingredient of many of our products,        million people have greater access to water
including ongoing investment along the value
                                                 critical for our manufacturing processes and       and water quality has been improved for
chain in energy efficiency and renewable and
                                                 necessary to grow the agricultural                 approximately 10 million people. We further
low carbon technologies.
                                                 ingredients for our products.                      established a community water supply point
Our Mission 2025 sustainability targets,                                                            at our plant, which has reduced the time
                                                 By the end of December 2019, 38 of our
which we report against on page 48-49,                                                              needed by many families for water collection.
                                                 manufacturing sites were certified for their
include goals for reducing energy
                                                 responsible use of water resources and             We continued to supply 8,000 litres of water
consumption and associated emissions.
                                                 excellence in water management according           per day by tube wells and solar powered
Through a set of projects and innovative
                                                 to the standards of either the European            boreholes to displaced people in a settlement
solutions implemented across our value
                                                 Water Stewardship or the Alliance for Water        close to Maiduguri in the north-east of Nigeria.
chain, we saved 262,038 tonnes of CO2 in
                                                 Stewardship. While all our European plants
2019 compared to 2018 and increased the                                                             Our investments and process improvements
                                                 are now certified, we continue to move
use of renewable electricity by 7.7% across                                                         are also having an impact in Greece
                                                 towards achieving certification for all our
our markets.                                                                                        and Cyprus.
                                                 plants by the end of 2020. New acquisitions
In Austria and Switzerland, we are using more    will be certified during the related post-         We have begun using treated wastewater
power from the sun. We installed one of the      merger integration.                                to clean the recycling area in our plant in
largest photovoltaic systems in Austria on                                                          Schimatari, Greece. Strict quality control
                                                 We reduce water intensity in all our
the roof of our production and logistics                                                            ensures that we comply with all
                                                 operations and focus particularly on our
centre in Edelstal. This will save around 725                                                       environmental requirements.
                                                 impact in water-risk areas. As part of our
tonnes of CO2 per year compared with
                                                 2025 targets, we will reduce water use by          Our water initiatives in Cyprus were
conventional energy production, equivalent
                                                 20% in plants located in water-risk areas.         recognised in 2019 for their impact,
to the annual emissions of 400 mid-size cars.
                                                 Together with other stakeholders in those          benefiting more than 80,000 Cyprus
The photovoltaic system on the roof of our       watersheds, we also want to make sure that         residents, at the Responsible Business
Swiss mineral water warehouse was originally     these communities retain access to safe,           Awards. We launched Mission Water in 2013,
installed for the benefit of the community,      good-quality water.                                with funding from The Coca-Cola
supplying energy for 64 households. An                                                              Foundation, in cooperation with the
                                                 Through assessments using globally
extension of this project was added in                                                              international organisation Global Water
                                                 recognised tools such as the WWF Water
September 2019 using bi-facial vertical solar                                                       Partnership Mediterranean (GWP-Med).
                                                 Risk Filter, we have identified 16 of our 56
panels, an innovation specifically developed                                                        Through Mission Water, 19 water projects
                                                 bottling plant locations as areas with water
for mountain areas to increase energy yield.                                                        were undertaken, saving more than
                                                 risk. Half of these are in Nigeria, and the rest
This collected solar power is now also used in                                                      40,000 m3 of water annually.
                                                 in Greece, Cyprus, Russia and Armenia.
our plant, providing around 4% of the plant’s
annual energy consumption.                       In these catchment areas, we will:
We tackle emission reductions throughout         • provide access to drinking water,
our value chain, including Company vehicles.     • purify waste water, and
Our 180 pool vehicles in Switzerland are         • protect and restore watersheds.
powered by compressed natural gas, forming
                                                 We have reduced the water intensity at our         CO2 ratio (scopes 1 and 2)
the country’s largest biogas vehicle fleet. In
                                                 plants in water-risk areas by 7% compared to       (gCO2/litre of produced beverage)
comparison to similar vehicles using diesel,
                                                 the 2017 baseline. In 2019, we implemented
biogas-powered vehicles emit 15% less CO2,                                                          80                                      -58%
                                                 60 new water-saving projects, investing
                                                                                                           78.3
resulting in annual savings of approx. 250                                                                                          2025 vs. 2010
                                                 roughly €6 million and saving more than half
tonnes of CO2.
                                                 a million cubic metres of water.
By 2025, we will source 100% of our                                                                 60
electricity needs from renewable and clean
sources in the EU and Switzerland. In many
                                                                                                                   47.0
of these markets, including Austria, Greece,                                                        40                      43.3
the Czech Republic, Italy, Romania, Northern                                                                                        38.1
Ireland, Croatia and Hungary, we have already                                                                                                32.9
achieved this target, using only renewable                                                          20
and clean electricity in our plants.

                                                                                                    0    2010     2017     2018    2019     2025
                                                 Community borehole in Kano, Nigeria.                                                       goal
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                        45
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SR

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CG

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            FS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SSR

                                               Beyond water-risk areas, we continue to                                                                                                                                                      SI
                                               invest to reduce water intensity. In the Czech
                                               Republic, a new system installed for
                                               pasteurisation has reduced water
                                               consumption by approximately 13,000 m3
                                               per year. Energy and chemical use have also      Number of young people trained through
                                               been reduced. In Poland, we installed an         #YouthEmpowered
                                               additional reverse osmosis treatment step
                                               at our plant in Radzymin.This allows us to

                                                                                                                                                                                                       1,000,000
                                               recover 35 to 60% of nano-filtration
                                               wastewater, saving approximately 60,000 m3
                                               of water annually.

                                               Engaging communities
                                                                                                                                                                       341,500
UN Sustainable
Development Goals                              to empower youth

                                                                                                                                              203,865
                                               We know that our business can only be as

                                                                                                                                  125,000
Our community initiatives
                                                                                                                        118,053
contribute to the Sustainable                  healthy and strong as the communities in
                                                                                                               64,411


                                                                                                 2017 21,401
Development Goals (SDGs).                      which we operate. We have therefore been
Our initiatives to empower                     tackling one of the most relevant societal
youth and women contribute to                  issues in many of our markets, the
                                                                                                               2018     2019
                                                                                                                                  2020 goal



                                                                                                                                              Cumulative 2017 – 2019

                                                                                                                                                                       Cumulative target 2017 – 2020   Cumulative target 2017 – 2025
the goals for quality education,               employability of young people. Through our
decent work and economic                       flagship programme #YouthEmpowered, we
growth, sustainable cities and                 aim to provide training for one million young
communities, and partnerships.                 adults across our markets by 2025.
Our initiatives regarding water                Because the challenges faced by young
stewardship, CO2 emissions                     people vary as much as the markets in which
reduction and waste reduction                  we operate, we adapt the programme to
aid global progress towards the                local needs. We have engaged over 118,053
SDGs for clean water and                       young people during 2019 and hope to
sanitation, and climate action.                further ramp up our outreach through a new,
Our initiatives in communities                 improved online platform. More than 750
help advance the global                        of our employees have become mentors             Beyond those markets, we have engaged
objectives of good health and                  through the initiative, and we have partnered    in various additional initiatives. In Croatia, we
wellbeing, and sustainable cities              with almost 50 local non-governmental            are aligning the skills and knowledge of young
and communities.                               organisations. Last year, we made particular     people with the needs of employers in the
                                               progress in Italy, Poland, Russia and Greece.    tourism and hospitality sectors. Nearly two
                                               The strengths of the Polish programme            dozen young chefs applied for a culinary
                                               include a mobile-friendly tool that is           scholarship programme which we offered
                                               well-linked to social media platforms. We plan   in 2019.
                                               to take the learnings from Poland’s online
                                                                                                All candidates underwent a personality
                                               success to additional markets in 2020.
                                                                                                assessment, a skills test and an interview.
                                                                                                The finalists were granted scholarships to top
                                                                                                culinary schools. The winners commit to work
                                                                                                in Croatia for at least two years after their
                                                                                                training. We plan to finance 25 scholarships
                                                                                                by 2024, supporting young culinary talent
                                                                                                and the Croatian restaurant industry.
CO2 ratio (scopes 1, 2 and 3)                  Water use ratio in plants
(gCO2/litre of produced beverage)              (litre/litre of produced beverage)               The #YouthEmpowered initiative in North
                                                                                                Macedonia was recognised during the year
600                                    -25%    3.0                                     -30%     by the country’s ministry of economy and the
                               2020 vs. 2010                                   2020 vs. 2010    national coordination body for corporate
500                                            2.5                                              social responsibility. Our ongoing Skills for
       493                                                                                      Success project provides free training for
                                                      2.30                                      young adults in the country, including 1,700
400                                            2.0
               388      370                                                                     trained in 2019. In recognition of our impact,
                                342                            1.82    1.79     1.74
300                                   331      1.5                                     1.61
                                                                                                the project received an award for best socially
                                                                                                responsible practice in community investment.
200                                            1.0

100                                            0.5

0     2010    2017    2018     2019   2020     0.0 2010      2017     2018     2019    2020
                                      goal                                             goal
46     COCA-COLA HBC




Key performance indicators



Tracking our
progress
We measure our performance against our strategic objectives using
specific KPIs. These KPIs allow us, and our stakeholders, to track our
progress against our 2020 targets. These are also the financial and
operational milestones which we will focus on for Growth Story 2025.




                   GROWTH PILLAR                                                          GROWTH PILLAR

         1         LEVERAGE OUR                                                 2         WIN IN THE
                   UNIQUE 24/7                                                            MARKETPLACE
                   PORTFOLIO
     How we measure our progress                     Volume growth (%)
     Volume is measured in unit cases, where one
                                                     5             4.2
     unit case represents 5.678 litres. For Bambi
     volume, one unit case corresponds to            4
     1 kilogram. We grow volume as we expand                                3.3
     per-capita consumption of our products.         3                              excl. Bambi
                                                           2.2
                                                                                    2.6%
     What happened in the year                       2
     Volume grew by 3.3%, or by 2.6%
                                                     1
     excluding Bambi.
                                                     0    2017     2018    2019
     Link to remuneration
     Volume is a key component of revenue
     and revenue is a measure for MIP awards.

           Read more on page 122.



     How we measure our progress                     Currency-neutral revenue                     Currency-neutral revenue growth (%)
     We measure revenues on a currency-neutral       per case growth (%)
     basis to allow better focus on the underlying
     performance of the business. We grow            5                                            7       5.9    6.0
     FX-neutral revenue per case through pricing           3.6                                    6
     as well as driving positive category and        4
                                                                                                  5                      4.4
     package mix.
                                                     3                                                                         excl. Bambi
                                                                                                  4
                                                                                                                               3.7%
     What happened in the year                                     1.7                            3
                                                     2
     Currency-neutral revenue per case grew by                              1.0     excl. Bambi   2
                                                     1                              1.1%
     1.0%, in part impacted by price investments                                                  1
     in Nigeria. Currency-neutral revenue grew
     by 4.4%, 3.7% excluding Bambi, with growth      0    2017     2018    2019                   0       2017   2018   2019
     in all geographical segments.

     Link to remuneration
     Revenue is a measure for MIP awards.

           Read more on page 122.
                                                                                                        INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        47
                                                                                                                                                  SR

                                                                                                                                                  CG

                                                                                                                                                  FS

                                                                                                                                                  SSR

               GROWTH PILLAR                                                                                                                      SI

    3          FUEL GROWTH THROUGH
               COMPETITIVENESS & INVESTMENT
How we measure our progress                          OpEx as percentage of NSR (%)          Comparable EBIT margin (%)
We measure this by OpEx as a percentage                                                                                    10.8
                                                     35                                     12                  10.2
of NSR and by comparable EBIT margin.                         27.9     27.7                          9.5
                                                                                  26.9
We generate positive operational leverage            28                                     10
as we grow revenues on our efficient cost base.
                                                                                            8
                                                     21
What happened in the year                                                                   6
OpEx as a percentage of NSR improved by              14
                                                                                            4
80 basis points, and comparable EBIT margin
                                                     7                                      2
expanded by 60 basis points.
                                                     0       2017      2018       2019      0        2017      2018        2019
Link to remuneration
Gross profit margin, OpEx as a percentage
of NSR and comparable EBIT are all measures
for MIP awards.

      Read more on page 124.



How we measure our progress                          CapEx as percentage of NSR (%)         ROIC (%)
We measure CapEx as a percentage of NSR, as                                                                                14.2
                                                     8                            6.9       16                  13.7
well as ROIC, to ensure prudent capital allocation                     6.4                           12.4
and efficient working capital management.                     5.8
Disciplined investment supports our growth.          6                                      12

What happened in the year                            4                                      8
ROIC expanded by 50 basis points to 14.2%.
CapEx as a percentage of NSR expanded to             2                                      4
6.9% with the majority of this investment being
spent on revenue generating assets. Following
                                                     0       2017      2018       2019      0        2017      2018        2019
the adoption of IFRS 16, CapEx in 2019 includes
capital repayments of all leases.

Link to remuneration
ROIC is a measure for PSP awards.

      Read more on page 123.




               GROWTH PILLAR                                                                                GROWTH PILLAR

    4          CULTIVATE THE                                                                     5          EARN OUR
               POTENTIAL OF                                                                                 LICENCE TO
               OUR PEOPLE                                                                                   OPERATE
How we measure our progress                          100     89                  90        How we measure our progress
We conduct an engagement survey with                                                       Progress on Mission 2025.
an independent third party and measure our           80
results against the norm for companies who                                                 What happened in the year
perform highly on this metric.                       60
                                                                                           Please see our performance on the
                                                     40                                    following page.
What happened in the year
Our employee engagement is above                     20
                                                                                           Link to remuneration
the high-performing norm.
                                                     0    HPN (high            Employee    Maintaining our leadership of the beverage
                                                          performing          engagement   industry in the DJSI index is part of the CEO’s
Link to remuneration                                        norm)                          individual performance metrics.
Maintaining our high engagement score is part
of the CEO’s individual performance metrics.
                                                                                                 Read more on page 122.

      Read more on page 122.
48     COCA-COLA HBC




Sustainability performance


  5      EARN OUR LICENCE TO OPERATE


Mission 2025 – our sustainability commitments
  Sustainability                                                           UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
  areas                         Material issues                            and their targets

  Climate and                   • Carbon and energy                                      7.2                   9.4                  11.6
                                                                                         7.3
  renewable                     • Economic impact
  energy
                                                                                         12.2                  13.1




  Water reduction               • Water stewardship                                      6.1                   9.4                  11.6
                                                                                         6.4
  and stewardship               • Economic impact                                        6.5
                                                                                         6.6
                                                                                         12.1                  15.1                 17.17
                                                                                         12.2
                                                                                         12.4


  World Without                 • Packaging,                                             8.4                   9.4                  11.6
  Waste                           recycling and waste
                                  management
                                • Economic impact                                        12.1                  14.1                 17.17
                                                                                         12.2
                                                                                         12.5




  Ingredient                    • Product quality and integrity                          8.3                   9.4                  12.1
                                                                                         8.8                                        12.2
  sourcing                      • Human rights, diversity                                                                           12.4
                                  and inclusion                                                                                     12.6
                                • Economic impact                                        13.1                                       12.7
                                • Sourcing


  Nutrition                     • Product quality and integrity                          3.4                   12.8
                                • Nutrition
                                • Marketing

  Our people and                • Human rights, diversity                                3.4                   4.3                  5.5
                                  and inclusion                                          3.6                   4.4
  communities
                                • Employee wellbeing
                                  and engagement                                         8.5                   10.2                 11.6
                                                                                         8.6                   10.4
                                • Corporate citizenship                                  8.8
                                  and youth empowerment
                                • Packaging, recycling                                   12.2                  16.7                 17.16
                                                                                         12.4                                       17.17
                                  and waste management
                                • Economic impact




Note: The 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are an urgent call for action by all countries – developed and developing – in a global partnership. Each of the 17 goals
has very specific targets, referenced by the numbers shown above. You can read more about the SDGs and these targets here: https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdgs
                                                                                                                                    INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019           49
                                                                                                                                                                                  SR

                                                                                                                                                                                  CG

                                                                                                                    Key for performance status                                    FS

                                                                                                                          Partly on track with internal annual plans
                                                                                                                                                                                  SSR

                                                                                                                          On track, progress in line with internal annual plans   SI




2025                                                                          2019
Commitments1                                                                  Performance Status

   30% reduce carbon ratio in direct operations                                        19%
   50% increase in energy-efficient refrigerators to half of our
       coolers in the market                                                           28%
   50% of our total energy from renewable and clean sources   2
                                                                                       42%
100% total electricity used in the EU and Switzerland from
     renewable and clean sources      2                                                89%

   20% water reduction in plants located in water-risk areas                              7%

100% help secure water availability for all our communities
     in water-risk areas                                                               25%

   75% help collect the equivalent of 75% of our primary
       packaging                                                                      48%5
                                                                                                               Due to availability and cost of high-quality food-grade
   35% ofrenewable
           total PET used from recycled PET and/or PET from
                   material                                                            12%                     feedstock. Roadmap developed up to 2025.



100% of consumer packaging to be recyclable             3
                                                                                   99.9%
100% ofsustainable
         our key agricultural ingredients sourced in line with
                   agricultural principles
                                                                                       74%                     We have recently introduced new suppliers that are
                                                                                                               currently in the process of certification and expect to
                                                                                                               be completed within 2020-2021.




   25% reduce  calories per 100ml of sparkling soft drinks
       (all CCH countries)        4                                                    12%


   10% community participants in first-time managers’
       development programmes                                                         4.5%
 1 MIL train one million young people through
       #YouthEmpowered                                                          203,865                        Cumulative number 2017-2019, 2019-only number
                                                                                                               is 118,053.


       20 engage in 20 zero waste partnerships (city and/or coast)                           76
   10% of employees take part in volunteering initiatives                              17%
 ZER0 target zero fatalities among our workforce                                      ZER0
                                                                                                               Not reached due to increased number of incidents
                                                                                                               related to contact with machinery in production and 19%
   50%        reduced (lost time) accident rate per 100 FTE                            18%                     of accidents caused by public vehicles, out of our control
                                                                                                               and influence.


   50% of managers are women                                                           38%
1. Baseline 2017.          3. Technical recyclability by design. 5. Calculation methodology changed in 2019.
2. Clean source means CHP. 4. Baseline 2015.                        See page 14 from 2019 GRI Index.
                                                                 6. Supported by The Coca-Cola Foundation.
50   COCA-COLA HBC




Q&A
Marcel Martin,
Group Supply Chain Director, explains the approach
we are taking to tackle plastic packaging waste.




Tackling the
problem of plastic
More than a million plastic bottles are
sold throughout the world every minute,
and most, 91%, are not recycled.
All plastic packaging can and should
have more than one life. The beverage
industry, including Coca‑Cola HBC,
has an obligation to take significant
action to solve this problem.
Through our World Without Waste
initiative, described on page 43,
we are committed to collect and recycle
all the packs that we put on the market.
Achieving that goal requires collective
action from many stakeholders, and
we are working proactively to help drive
these changes.
              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   51
                                                   SR

                                                   CG

                                                   FS

                                                   SSR

                                                   SI




        “
   ALL PLASTIC
PACKAGING CAN AND
SHOULD HAVE MORE
  THAN ONE LIFE.”
     Marcel Martin
52   COCA-COLA HBC




Q. Are you seeing changes in                      And, bottles made from recycled PET have           Currently, 99.9% of our packaging is
                                                  an even lower carbon footprint compared            recyclable and we are committed to making
consumer behaviour resulting                      to PET bottles made from virgin material.          that 100% in advance of our 2025 target.
from the negative perceptions                                                                        In 2019, we made some significant steps
                                                  The challenge is around disposal – we need
around plastic?                                   to create a circular economy around plastics.      forward by introducing bottles made from
                                                                                                     100% recycled PET for our water brands
A. Plastic pollution is a huge concern and one    PET bottles can be recycled many times if
                                                  they are collected in a well-segregated            in Austria, Croatia, Ireland, Switzerland and
that we are taking very seriously. While we are
                                                  system and if the industry has good access         Romania. This is an authentic circular
not yet seeing consumer concerns
                                                  to the packages that are collected. Most of        approach that significantly reduces carbon
translating into significant avoidance of
                                                  our bottles are clear or lightly coloured, which   impact, and we expect to make more
single-use plastics, we know that this is only
                                                  means that they can be used to create              progress in this regard in 2020.
a matter of time. So, we are taking action now
to put the right solutions in place.              recycled PET. In turn, recycled PET can be         We have also been continuing our work
                                                  used to make new bottles, creating a closed        to reduce the overall amount of packaging
Q. Are you considering moving                     loop for plastic. We see this closed loop in       materials. By light-weighting our bottles,
                                                  action with our 100% recycled PET pack             we have managed to reduce total PET used
away from plastic packaging                       water brands that we introduced last year.         across our portfolio by approximately 25%1
in the future?                                                                                       since 2010. In 2019 we have eliminated 6,000
A. While we understand that this might appear     Q. What new packaging                              tonnes of PET plastic compared to 2018.
                                                                                                     When it comes to secondary packaging, we
to be a sensible strategy, to be honest, that     solutions are you working on?
may not be the most environmentally                                                                  are eliminating shrink film from multi-pack
sustainable scenario. When you look at the        A. Designing more sustainable packaging            cans through the introduction of KeelClip™
overall environmental impact of the different     is a big priority and this work focuses on four    and carton packs, while also developing
types of packaging material, PET plastic          areas: ensuring recyclability, using more          solutions to remove plastic film from PET
bottles typically have a lower carbon footprint   recycled materials, reducing the overall           multi-packs.
compared to other options.                        amount of packaging and exploring novel
                                                  packaging materials.                               1. Considering neutral package mix evolution vs. 2010;
                                                                                                        packaging intensity reduction per litre of beverage
                                                                                                        produced is 4% in 2019 vs. 2010.
                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019         53
                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                         SSR

                                  Smart packaging approaches are another            In 2006, we invested, as part of a consortium,       SI
                                  area we are exploring. These offer                in the establishment of a ‘bottle to bottle’
                                  consumers the opportunity to use reusable         PET recycling facility in Austria. Our
                                  smart cups with contactless and chip              investment has meant that we have access
                                  payment technology.                               to the high-quality, rPET the facility produces
                                                                                    from well-segregated plastic. This is an
                                  Q. What about biodegradable                       economically sustainable model we are
                                                                                    looking to replicate in other markets.
                                  plastic? Is this a viable option?
Investing in KeelClipTM           A. Two universities, Politecnico of Milan
                                                                                    In 2020, we will also pilot some innovative
In 2019, Coca-Cola HBC                                                              technology on-site at our Krakow plant in
                                  and the National Technical University of
partnered with Graphic                                                              Poland. The SIPA-EREMA Prime technology
Packaging International           Athens, have helped us investigate options
                                                                                    will allow us to process non-food grade
to invest in KeelClip™,           using alternative materials. The viability of
an innovative, minimalist                                                           ‘hot washed’ PET flakes, which are readily
                                  biodegradable plastics for primary packaging
paperboard packaging that                                                           available, to produce high-quality food-grade
replaces plastic shrink film
                                  is limited by the very specific conditions they
                                                                                    rPET. While this is a pilot, we are excited
from multi-pack cans. All of      require to break down. However, following on
our markets in the EU will have
                                                                                    about the potential it has to provide
                                  from our work with the universities, we will be
KeelClip™ by the end of 2021.                                                       high-quality rPET in a cost-effective way.
                                  testing bio-based and recycled plastic films
                                                                                    Innovative, new technologies may also play
                                  for secondary and tertiary packaging in
                                                                                    an important role. One example is an
                                  several markets during 2020.
                                                                                    ‘enhanced’ recycling process that breaks PET
                                                                                    down to the molecular level. This helps get
                                  Q. What are you doing to                          around the need for highly segregated



                  “
                                  ensure that you have access to                    recycling, which is currently rare.
                                  enough high-quality, recycled                     In short, we believe the war on waste will be
  WE ARE TAKING                   PET to meet your future                           won not through one simple solution but by
                                  needs?                                            being innovative, proactive and using many
ACTION TO PUT THE                 A. Across Europe and the EMEA region, there
                                                                                    technologies. It also requires that we work
                                                                                    with partners who are as engaged and
 RIGHT SOLUTIONS                  is a limited supply of high-quality, recycled     passionate about this issue as we are.
                                  PET (rPET) available to produce food-grade
    IN PLACE.”                    packaging. It is also expensive, currently
                                  commanding a price premium compared to
             Marcel Martin        virgin PET. Because we believe supply
                                  pressures will only increase, we are
                                  considering a number of options.
54    COCA-COLA HBC




Managing risk and materiality



Our approach to materiality
Our material issues are those that matter most to our stakeholders and subsequently impact
on the Company’s value drivers, competitive position and long-term value creation.


Through our regular materiality assessment,          Engaging stakeholders
we consider the importance of all                    Stakeholder engagement is essential to grow
environmental, social, economic and financial        our business and fulfil our purpose. We need
topics that could either positively or               to engage and work in partnership with a wide
negatively affect our ability to create value        range of stakeholders to make better
over the short, medium and long term.                business decisions and deliver on our
The assessment is conducted annually to              commitments. Our key internal and external
fully understand how to best manage the              stakeholders include investors, employees,
relevant risks and opportunities. Carried out        customers, consumers, suppliers,
by our cross-functional Mission Sustainability       governments and regulators, The Coca-Cola
team, the annual materiality assessment              Company, and local communities. We also
consists of four phases:                             engage with other businesses through trade       Stakeholder recommendations lead to
                                                     associations and universities.                   detailed action plans, and we conduct follow-up
• identify material issues;
• assess impact on or importance to                  Every year we hold a Group Stakeholder           webinars with the community of experts to
  stakeholders;                                      Forum, organised together with The               inform them of our progress. At our 2018
                                                     Coca-Cola Company, to discuss our material       Group Stakeholder Forum, held in a waste
• assess impact on society and the
                                                     topics with a group of experts. In 2019, our     incineration plant in Vienna, we discussed the
  environment; and
                                                     focus was on water stewardship, which was        challenges of packaging waste. Our follow up
• review and validate findings.
                                                     ranked as having the second highest impact       on a number of the recommendations we
The work to ensure that management of                amongst our material issues by our               received from stakeholders during the 2018
material issues is successfully embedded in          stakeholders in our 2018 materiality survey.     Forum is detailed in this report in the section
our strategy and operations is carried out by        The 2019 Stakeholder Forum was held in           on Tackling the problem of plastic on pages
three groups within the Company. The                 Athens, Greece, in a market where two of our     50-52. This includes our exploration of
Mission Sustainability team assesses the list        three manufacturing facilities are facing        biodegradable plastics and new technologies
of material issues and ensures that our              some water risk. We welcomed 34                  that break PET down to a molecular level,
sustainability approach is fully aligned with our    participants from 20 countries, including        which is also called chemical recycling.
business priorities. The Social Responsibility       customers, industry associations, non-           Along with the annual Group Stakeholder
Committee of the Board of Directors                  governmental organisations, policy makers,       Forum, we ask more than 500 key stakeholders
subsequently endorses the prioritised list of        investors and peer companies. Discussions        to provide online feedback every year via our
issues and the resulting materiality matrix.         covered three main areas: using water more       material issues survey. This gives them the
Finally, it is the responsibility of the Operating   efficiently in our operations and in the value   opportunity to prioritise our material issues
Committee to integrate our sustainability            chain; establishing water stewardship            based on their own interests and perception
priorities into our business strategy.               initiatives with local communities               of the value we create.
In 2019, our process to validate areas defined       (stakeholder partnerships); and helping to
                                                     educate local households on more efficient       The survey includes open-ended questions
as material included detailed desktop
                                                     use of water.                                    allowing stakeholders to propose further
research, peer comparison internal
                                                                                                      emerging material topics. In parallel, we
interviews and review of summarised                  Stakeholder recommendations from the             conduct this survey internally to collect input
feedback from our external stakeholders.             2019 Forum included:                             from our top 300 business leaders and our
The process confirmed the relevance of the
                                                     • using ‘big data’ and new technologies to       770 change leaders, which includes senior
12 material issues.
                                                       mitigate water risks;                          leadership teams in our 28 countries, key
For more information about our materiality           • including water use reduction in standards     managers in our operations and at Group
approach, please see the materiality section           for agricultural suppliers;                    level, the regional management teams and
of our website.                                                                                       the Group top management.
                                                     • demonstrating leadership through
                                                       innovative technologies and scale locally;     You can read more about our stakeholder
                                                     • working with governments to influence          engagement processes in the “Our
                                                       local business;                                stakeholders” section of this report (page 19)
                                                     • using the power of the brands to               and on our website.
                                                       communicate broadly about water
                                                       scarcity; and
                                                     • leveraging partnerships across markets to
                                                       raise awareness and amplify achievements
                                                       in water stewardship.
                                                                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    55
                                                                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                                                                     SSR



     Managing our material issues                                                                                                                                                                    SI




     While the prioritisation of our 12 material issues has evolved, the issues continue
     to be the most relevant and important to our stakeholders and our business.


     The outcome of our materiality survey is a                                     We understand the critical role of companies
     ranking of material issues. By assessing the                                   like Coca-Cola HBC in addressing challenges
     importance of these issues to our                                              the world faces and we fully support the UN
     stakeholders and their decisions, combined                                     sustainability agenda and the UN Sustainable
     with an assessment of the impact on society                                    Development Goals (SDGs). In 2018, when
     and the environment, we derive the relative                                    we published Mission 2025, our sustainability
     materiality of each issue and prioritise them                                  commitments, we linked all our material
     accordingly. Our work to manage the                                            issues and 2025 targets with the UN SDGs,
     potential risks, opportunities and impacts of                                  and their underlying targets. You can find
     our material issues takes place across                                         more about how our material issues and
     the Company, and is disclosed throughout                                       sustainability commitments link to the SDGs
     this report.                                                                   at pages 48-49 of this report.


     2019 Materiality matrix



                              Very high


                                                                                                                                                            Packaging, recycling &
                                                                                                                                                              waste management




                                                                                                                                         Corporate governance,
                                                                                                                                         business ethics & anti-corruption
                                                                                   Product quality & integrity




Importance to stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                     Water stewardship




                              High                                                                                                  Carbon & energy
                                                                                                            Nutrition
                                                                                                                               Human rights, inclusion & diversity


                                                                                                                        Sustainable sourcing
                                                                      Employee wellbeing & engagement
                                                                                                                   Corporate citizenship and youth empowerment

                                                                                                     Economic impact




                                                 Marketing




                              Moderate

                                          Moderate                                                                 High                                                                  Very high

                                                                                        Impact of the issue on environment and society
                             Economic dimension          Environmental dimension       Social dimension
56    COCA-COLA HBC




Managing risk and materiality continued



Effective
management of risk
Aligning risk and materiality                       Our system of enterprise risk management           Programme review
                                                    and internal control monitors operational,
The management of our business risks is                                                                Our internal audit department conducts
                                                    strategic, financial, legal and regulatory risk
intrinsically linked to materiality and in 2019                                                        an annual independent review of the ERM
                                                    and the Board endorses our risk transference
the process of understanding and managing                                                              programme and its implementation. The
                                                    and insurance strategy. Overall, our
our material issues and principal risks                                                                audit team evaluates, across business units
                                                    programme is designed to manage risk and
remained high on our agenda as we                                                                      and functions, the risk management and
                                                    opportunities and encourages our people to
continued to transform our business and                                                                business resilience programmes, the specific
                                                    embrace the concept of taking smart risks
expand our product portfolio.                                                                          processes and their application against
                                                    which drive innovation and growth, rather
                                                                                                       business best practices and the International
Due to their criticality, our material issues and   than eliminate the risk of failure in achieving
                                                                                                       Accounting Standard.
principal risks are monitored closely by the        business objectives.
Operating Committee and our Board. To                                                                  The Corporate Audit Director makes
                                                    The Smart Risk programme continued to
support our success and growth, we use a                                                               recommendations to improve the overall risk
                                                    enhance cross-functional collaboration with
well-established, collaborative risk                                                                   management programme, where required,
                                                    the strong internal partnerships and business
management approach across the business.                                                               with the findings submitted to the Audit and
                                                    alignment driving the successful integration
                                                                                                       Risk Committee. Building on the review of our
                                                    of the programme. In 2019 we continued to
Enterprise risk management                          enhance the ERM framework to ensure that
                                                                                                       ERM programme, the Board and its
                                                                                                       Committees also conduct annual reviews of
Our risk management journey continued as            it was effectively integrated into monthly
                                                                                                       the effectiveness of our internal controls and
we further embedded the Enterprise Risk             routines to support senior leadership
                                                                                                       further details of that review are set out in the
Management (ERM) programme into our                 discussions on risk and opportunity. The
                                                                                                       Audit and Risk Committee Report on pages
Company’s DNA. Our Smart Risk                       revised ERM framework, which will be rolled
                                                                                                       98-103. Based on its reviews and evaluation,
programme, which is directly aligned to our         out in 2020, will incorporate an analysis of
                                                                                                       the Board confirms that it has concluded that
growth mindset, drives cultural change by           both the velocity of the likelihood and
                                                                                                       our risk management and internal control
encouraging all employees to take informed          consequence. This will enable us to evaluate
                                                                                                       systems are effective.
risk to leverage opportunities for growth. By       the speed of onset of the risk itself, and if it
fully embedding risk discussions into existing      occurs, the speed at which the
monthly business routines, our leaders              consequences will eventuate.                       Principal risks
continue to boost their ability to identify risks                                                      The cyclic review of our key risks involves an
                                                    The ERM programme incorporates a variety
and manage them in a timely manner.                                                                    assessment of the likelihood of their
                                                    of processes including:
The ERM programme is led by the Group                                                                  occurrence and their potential consequences
                                                    • alignment to our business strategies,            to confirm the level of exposure and evaluate
Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who works in close
                                                      objectives and principals;                       the strategies to manage them. It is noted
collaboration with the risk owners across our
business units and Group functions, such as         • integration in our Group statements on           that the list does not include all risks that can
legal, on specific business risks. The CRO is         strategic direction, ethics and values;          ultimately affect our Company as there are
tasked with maintaining a wide-angled view of       • integration into the business planning cycle;    risks that are not yet known to us, and risks
all business streams and emergent risks and         • continual monitoring of our macro and            currently evaluated to be immaterial that
opportunities and through regular reporting           operational environments for emerging            could ultimately have an impact on our
ensures that risk visibility is provided to the       risks and factors that may change our risk       business or financial performance.
Operating Committee and our Board.                    profile and create opportunities;                By leveraging our robust risk management
Our Board retains overall accountability and        • robust training to increase risk awareness       programme, which is integrated into monthly
responsibility for the Group’s risk                   across all business units and functions          business routines and evaluates risks against
management and internal control systems,              which are focused on embedding the               our business and strategic priorities, we
has defined the Group’s risk appetite, and,           smart risk concepts into our DNA, creating       remain vigilant to the uncertainty in our
through the Audit and Risk Committee, has             informed risk-taking leaders across all          operating environment and can react with
reviewed the effectiveness of these systems.          management levels; and                           greater speed.
During the year, the Board considered the           • an annual evaluation of the type and             The programme enables us to proactively
nature and extent of the principal risks that         amount of insurance purchased from               identify new risks and opportunities which
have the potential to impact the ability of the       the market for Group-wide policies while         enable us to understand threats to our
Group to achieve its strategic objectives and         leveraging our captive insurance entity.         business viability. This analysis is the key
reviewed its risk appetite statement to               In a hardening insurance market, our             component of our qualitative review process
ensure that it remained not only aligned to           approach is influenced by the availability       in support of our viability statement. The ERM
our objectives but remained supportive of             of insurance cover and cost, measured            programme did not identify any emerging
our robust Enterprise Risk Management                 against the probability and magnitude            risks that altered our principal risk dynamics.
programme and internal control systems.               of the relevant risks.
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019         57
                                                                                                                                                             SR

                                                                                                                                                             CG

                                                                                                                                                             FS

                                                                                                                                                             SSR

                                                                                                                                                             SI


                                                                                             creating and protecting
                                                                                             business value



                                                               The Smart Risk programme in action

During 2019, while we observed a general              Our ERM process for the identification, review,
stability across the majority of our principal        management and escalation of both risks and
risks, changes in risk dynamics required              opportunities continued to be refined and integrated
changes in our principal risk articulation.           with the best aspects of both ISO 31000 and the                                 Opportunities
                                                      revised COSO frameworks. During the year our                                        and risks
Due to the continued rise in focus on the
                                                      process included the following activities:
elements within our sustainability risk area
(carbon and climate, packaging and water)                                                                                                        <
we have decided to split that risk into three
separate principal risks. This enables us to                                                                            Monthly
specifically articulate key elements of the                                                                            focus with
changing consumer sentiment and public                • Monthly risk discussions and risk updates                       quarterly
debate for each sustainability risk, thereby            were undertaken by the business units;                           reviews
ensuring specific visibility of the risk elements     • Monthly reviews were undertaken by the
and related mitigations. In respect of climate          Business Resilience team; and
change, a broader discussion on our                   • Quarterly risk reviews were undertaken with                         CRO
climate-related risks, their link to materiality,       corporate functions.                                             leadership
                                                                                                                          sessions
and our risk management approach is
provided as part of our statement on                  • The CRO and his team facilitated regular risk
implementing the recommendations of the                 review sessions with senior leaders in the
Task Force on Climate-related Financial                 business units and functions.
Disclosures located on pages 62-63.
Our evaluation and deliberations also                 • The CRO facilitated in May and                       Management review
                                                        November, regional-level reviews with the
determined that our existing discriminatory
                                                        CEO, Regional Directors and their teams
tax risk should be integrated as a potential            to evaluate the key risks and management
consequence of two of the sustainability risks          actions; and
and our consumer health and wellbeing and             • Stakeholder feedback was provided
geopolitical risks. As a result, the discriminatory     after these sessions, ensuring a cyclic
tax risk was closed with the concept listed as          bottom-up, top-down information loop
a consequence for the cited specific risks.             and enhancing risk visibility.
                                                                                                                             The Group
In 2019 we attained an employee                                                                                              Risk Forum
engagement level of 90%. Consequently,                • The Group Risk Forum (GRF), which is
employee engagement risk has been                       chaired by the CRO and is our internal
integrated in a broader employee category               senior leadership risk ‘think tank’, met
that builds on the existing principal risk              in May and November. The forum
                                                        evaluated trends and the internal and
relating to attraction and retention. Lastly, as
                                                        external risk environment to support the                Operating
the global geopolitical and macroeconomic
                                                        preparation of our Group-wide strategic                Committee
environment remains volatile and complex,               risk register and principal risks.                       review
with the potential to adversely impact
consumer sentiment, the description and
                                                      • The Operating Committee reviewed
focus of that risk has been restructured.
                                                        the risk review outputs from the GRF
                                                        discussions in May and November.
                                                        With the CRO, it discussed, evaluated and
                                                        aligned on our strategic risks                                    Board review
                                                        and the potential exposures against
                                                        business objectives.


                                                      • The CRO briefed the Audit and Risk
                                                        Committee quarterly on material risks,                                                   <
                                                        management actions to mitigate risk, and
                                                        process compliance with the risk                                                 Feedback to
                                                        management elements of the UK                                                    this process
                                                        Corporate Governance Code.
58   COCA-COLA HBC




Managing risk and materiality continued


 Principal risks          Description                                            Potential impact

 1. Sustainability:       The risk of rising stakeholder concerns relating       • Potential imposition of discriminatory taxation
 Plastics and packaging   to packaging waste and plastics pollution that will    • Long-term damage to our licence to operate
 waste                    drive the agenda on production methods and             • Losing our ‘seat at the table’ to contribute
                          waste recovery.                                          to legislation related to environmental and
            5
                                                                                   social sustainability
                                                                                 • Increased cost of doing business
                                                                                 • Loss of consumer base

 2. Sustainability:       The risk of the continued escalation of the climate    • Commodity availability
 Climate and carbon       change agenda and a failure to reduce our              • Long-term damage to our licence to operate
                          environmental footprint. Impacts to our operations     • Losing our ‘seat at the table’ to contribute
       5                  and value chain may arise from more volatile effects     to legislation related to environmental and
                          of weather and NGO monitoring of our approach to         social sustainability
                          carbon use and compliance with TCFD.                   • Increased cost of doing business
                                                                                 • Loss of consumer base

 3. Sustainability:       The risk of water availability, water stress to the    • Potential imposition of discriminatory taxation
 Water                    communities in which we operate, and water quality     • Long-term damage to our licence to operate
                          caused by climate change.                              • Losing our ‘seat at the table’ to contribute
       5
                                                                                   to legislation related to environmental and
                                                                                   social sustainability
                                                                                 • Increased cost of doing business
                                                                                 • Loss of consumer base

 4. Consumer health       Failure to adapt to changing consumer health trends,   • Potential imposition of discriminatory taxation
 and wellbeing            public health policies addressing misconceptions       • Failure to achieve our growth plans
                          about our formulations, sugar and the health impact    • Damage to our brand and corporate reputation
            1             of our product portfolio.
                                                                                 • Loss of consumer base




 5. Cyber incidents       A cyber-attack or data centre failure resulting        • Financial loss
                          in business disruption or breach of corporate          • Operational disruption
       3
                          or personal data confidentiality.                      • Damage to corporate reputation
                                                                                 • Non-compliance with data protection legislation
                                                                                   (e.g. GDPR)




 6. Foreign exchange      Foreign exchange and commodity exposure                • Financial loss
 and commodity costs      arises from changes in exchange rates and              • Increased cost base
                          commodity prices.                                      • Asset impairment
            3
                          Currency devaluation, in combination with capital      • Limitations on cash repatriation
                          controls, restricts movement of funds and increases
                          the risk of asset impairment.
                                                                                                             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       59
                                                                                                                                                      SR

                                                                                                                                                      CG

                                                                                                                                                      FS

                                                                                                                                                      SSR

                                                                                                                                                      SI
Key mitigations                                                                                                Link to material issues
• Packaging waste management and World Without Waste global programmes                                         • Packaging, recycling and
• Partnering with local and international NGOs on packaging recovery                                             waste management
• Partnering with local communities, start-ups and academia to minimise environmental impacts                  • Sourcing




• Energy management programmes and transition to renewable and clean energy                                    • Carbon and energy
• Partnering with local and international NGOs on common issues such as nature conservation                    • Sourcing
• Partnering with local communities, start-ups and academia to minimise environmental impacts
• Focus on sustainable procurement
• Commitment to TCFD recommendations



• Water reduction and waste water treatment programmes, as well as support for water stewardship               • Water stewardship
  initiatives in water-risk areas                                                                              • Sourcing
• Partnering with local and international NGOs on water stewardship strategies
• Partnering with local communities, start-ups and academia to minimise environmental impacts




• Focus on product innovation and expansion to a 24/7 beverage portfolio                                       • Nutrition
• Expand our range of low- and no-calorie beverages                                                            • Marketing
• Introduce smaller packs                                                                                      • Product quality and integrity
• Reduce the calorie content of products in the portfolio
• Clearer labelling on packaging
• Promote active lifestyles through consumer engagement programmes focused on health and wellness

• Implement a cyber-security and privacy control framework and monitor compliance                        • Economic impact
• Maintain certification against the ISO 27001 standard and confirm our commitment to secure information
  assets and comply with international security standards
• Safeguard critical IT and operational assets
• Detect, respond and recover from cyber incidents and attacks
• Foster a positive culture of cyber-security
• Monitor threat landscape and remediate associated vulnerabilities

• Treasury policy requires the hedging of 25% to 80% of rolling 12-month forecasted transactional foreign      • Economic impact
  currency exposure
• Hedging beyond 12 months may occur in exceptional cases subject to approval of Group CFO
• Treasury policy requires the hedging of rolling three-year commodity exposures; different policy limits
  apply for each hedge-able commodity
• Derivative financial instruments are used, where available, to reduce net exposure to currency
  and commodity price fluctuations




                                                                        Link to growth pillars   Principal risks trend

                                Risk included in viability assessment    1    2   3    4    5         Increasing         Stable        Decreasing
60   COCA-COLA HBC




Managing risk and materiality continued


 Principal risks           Description                                            Potential impact

 7. Channel mix            The increasing concentration and consolidation of      • Reduced availability of our portfolio and
                           retailers and independent wholesalers with retailer      overall profitability
             2
                           disruption due to discounters and e-commerce
                           players. Consumers altering consumption habits.



 8. People                 Inability to attract, retain and engage sufficient     • Failure to achieve our growth plans
                           numbers of qualified and experienced employees
       4
                           in a highly competitive talent market.




 9. Geopolitical and       Volatile and challenging macroeconomic, security,      • Eroded consumer confidence affecting
 macroeconomic             and geopolitical conditions together with adverse        discretionary spending
                           global events including health-related issues can      • Potential imposition of discriminatory taxation
             1     2   3   affect consumer demand and wellbeing and create        • Inflationary pressures
                           security risks across our diverse markets.
             4     5                                                              • Social unrest
                                                                                  • Safety of people and assets

 10. Quality               The occurrence of quality/food safety issues, or the   • Damage to brand and corporate reputation
                           contamination of our products across our diverse       • Loss of consumer trust
       2
                           brand portfolio.                                       • Reduction in volume and net sales revenue




 11. Ethics and            We operate in some complex markets with high levels • Damage to our corporate reputation
 compliance                of perceived corruption. As a result, we are exposed to • Significant financial penalties
                           an increased risk of fraud against the Company as well • Management time diverted to resolving legal issues
       3                   as to the risk of anti-bribery and corruption (ABAC)     • We may suffer economic loss because of fraud and
                           fines or sanctions if our employees or the third parties
                                                                                      reputational damages, fines and penalties, in the
                           we engage to deal with government fail to comply with      event of non-compliance with ABAC regulations by
                           ABAC requirements.                                         our employees or by third parties representing us
                                                                                    with government




 12. Strategic             We rely on our strategic relationships and agreements • Termination of agreements or unfavourable
 stakeholder               with The Coca‑Cola Company (including Costa Coffee),    renewal terms could adversely affect profitability
 relationships             Monster Energy and our premium spirits partners.

       1




 13. Health and safety     The risk of health and safety issues being ineffectively • Death or injury of employees, contractors
                           managed. This incorporates the management of               or members of the public
       4
                           third-party providers, particularly fleet and logistics. • Employee engagement and motivation
                                                                                    • Attraction of talent/prospective employees
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      61
                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                       SI
Key mitigations                                                                                                 Link to material issues
• Enhance our key account capabilities to partner and grow with top customers                                   • Economic impact
• Work closely with our immediate consumption channel customers to drive incremental transactions
• Accelerate Right Execution Daily (RED) to support our commitment to operational excellence
• Develop our digital and e-commerce capabilities to capture opportunities associated with existing
  and new distribution channels

• Upgrade our Employer Value Proposition and Employer Brand                                                     • Employee wellbeing
• Develop leaders and people for key positions internally, improve leaders’ skills and commitment for talent      and engagement
  development                                                                                                   • Human rights, inclusion
• Continuous employee listening to address culture and engagement effectively                                     and diversity
• Promote inclusive environment that allows all employees to achieve their full potential                       • Corporate citizenship
• Create shared value with the communities in which we work to ensure we are seen and considered                  and youth empowerment
  as an ethical business with an attractive purpose
• Expand talent pool by hiring more diverse workforce

• Seek to offer the right brand at the right price in the right package through the right channel               • Economic impact
• Robust security practices and procedures to protect people and assets                                         • Corporate citizenship
• Crisis response and business continuity strategies that enable effective responses to adverse events            and youth empowerment




• Stringent quality/food safety processes in place to minimise the likelihood of occurrence                     • Product quality and integrity
• Early warning systems (Consumer Information Centres and social media monitoring) that enable issue
  identification
• Robust response processes and systems that enable us to quickly and efficiently deal with quality/food
  safety issues, ensuring customers and consumers retain confidence in our products

• Annual ‘Tone from the Top’ messaging                                                                      • Corporate governance,
• Code of Business Conduct (COBC), ABAC and commercial compliance training and awareness campaigns            business ethics and
  for our entire workforce                                                                                    anti-corruption
• All third parties that we engage to deal with government on our behalf are subject to ABAC due diligence,
  and must agree and comply with our Supplier Guiding Principles
• Cross-functional Joint Task Forces in Italy, Nigeria and Russia that pro-actively address risks
  in our key operations
• Risk-based internal control framework and assurance programme with local management accountability
• Periodic risk-based internal audits of ABAC compliance programme
• Speak Up Hotline

• Management focus on effective day-to-day interaction with our strategic partners                              • Economic impact
• Working together as effective partners for growth
• Engagement in joint projects and business planning with a focus on strategic issues
• Participation in ‘Top to Top’ senior management forums




• Standardised programmes, policies and legislation applied locally                                             • Employee wellbeing
• Group oversight by the Health and Safety (H&S) Team                                                             and engagement
• H&S Board with the clear purpose to accelerate the H&S step-change plan implementation
• Implemented the Behavioural-Based Safety Programme




                                                                         Link to growth pillars   Principal risks trend

                                 Risk included in viability assessment    1    2   3    4    5         Increasing         Stable        Decreasing
 62      COCA-COLA HBC




 Managing risk and materiality continued



 Climate‑related
 financial disclosures
 Managing climate change risk                            Utilising our overall Enterprise Risk                   Climate-related financial
                                                         Management framework, we take a robust
 and opportunity                                         risk-based approach in responding to the
                                                                                                                 disclosures
 At Coca-Cola HBC we understand the physical             physical impacts of climate change. We                  The Financial Stability Board established the
 and non-physical impacts that climate change            analyse our internal data points and work with          Task Force on Climate-related Financial
 may have on our assets, productivity and the            recognised specialist agencies, our insurance           Disclosures (TCFD) with the aim of improving
 communities in which we operate. Physical               brokers and insurers to obtain regional                 industry disclosure of climate-related risks
 impacts can include the acute risks resulting           analysis of climate science which enables us            and opportunities. At Coca-Cola HBC we
 from the increase in extreme weather events             to make informed decisions in respect of our            believe that the TCFD’s recommendations
 that can impact our production, distribution            business resilience and viability. This analysis        were an important step in the establishment
 and supply chain. There are also chronic risks          also improves our understanding of the                  of an accepted voluntary framework for
 resulting from the longer-term changes                  potential climate vulnerabilities of our                information on climate-related risks and their
 in climate patterns, including water                    operations and the communities in which we              financial impacts for the use of investors,
 sustainability. The non-physical impacts                distribute our product portfolio. This data is          lenders, insurers and other stakeholders.
 can arise from risks relating to policy, legal,         shared across our business units, enabling
 technological and stakeholder responses                 them to build climate resilience into their
 stemming from the challenges posed by                   planning and operations.
 climate change and the transition to a lower
 carbon economy.




                Physical Risks:                                          Physical Risks:                                   Transition Risks:
                    Acute                                                   Chronic

                                                                                                                        Policy & Legal      Technology
                           Flooding                                        Sea Level Rise



                                                                 Temperature              Precipitation                    Market           Reputational
           Wildfires             Extreme Storms                    Patterns                 Patterns




      Agriculture                 Water            Manufacturing            Distribution            Customers             Communities             Financial
     Impacts the               Impacts the       Damage or loss of our        Damage to                Business          Community impact         Increase in
availability and quality      availability and      infrastructure            community           interruption to our     and stakeholder      operational costs
  of raw materials            quality of water   impacting production       infrastructure            customers                trust
                                                                          disrupting delivery
                                                                                                            INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      63
                                                                                                                                                    SR

                                                                                                                                                    CG

                                                                                                                                                    FS

                                                                                                                                                    SSR

                                                                                                                                                    SI




We support efforts to improve the quality and     Our TCFD working party continued to focus        The response to climate change transcends
consistency of disclosures and have been          on the implementation of the core elements       all areas of our strategy and operations and,
a leader in the field having made our first       of the four pillars of governance, strategy,     as a result, our TCFD disclosures can be
carbon reduction commitments in 2006 and          risk management and metrics and targets.         found throughout this report. The table
subsequently being one of the first companies     The Board continued to have oversight of         below documents how our disclosures and
in the world to introduce science-based           climate-related risks and opportunity through    discussions on climate change in this report
targets. During 2019, discussions on              the activities of the Social Responsibility      align to the TCFD recommendations and
climate-related risk were integrated into the     Committee and the Audit and Risk Committee.      where specific information can be found.
overall risk management process across our
business units and Group functions.



 Location of TCFD aligned disclosures

 Governance: Disclose the Company’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities
 a) Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities               Social Responsibility Committee:
                                                                                            Pages 106-107

 b) Describe management’s role in identifying, assessing and managing climate-related       Audit and Risk Committee: Pages 98-101
 risks and opportunities                                                                    Risk and materiality: Pages 54-63

 Strategy: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities
 on the Company’s business, strategy and financial planning where material
 a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities that the organisation has          Material issues: Pages 54-55
 identified over the short, medium and long term                                            Principal risks: Pages 58-59

 b) Describe the impact of climate-related risk and opportunity on the Company’s            Principal risks: Pages 58-59, 62-63
 business, strategy and financial planning                                                  Earn our Licence to operate: Page 44

 c) Describe the resilience of the organisation’s strategy considering different climate-   Climate-related financial disclosures:
 related scenarios, including a 2-degree or lower scenario                                  Pages 62-63

 Risk management: Disclose how the Company identifies, assesses and manages
 climate-related risks and opportunities
 a) Describe the Company’s process for identifying and assessing climate-related risks      Risk and materiality: Pages 56-59
 and opportunities

 b) Describe the Company’s process for managing climate-related risks and opportunities Principal risks: Pages 56-59
                                                                                        Key performance indicators: Pages 44-45, 48-49,
                                                                                        2019 GRI Content Index

 c) Describe how these processes are integrated into the overall risk management            Risk and materiality: Pages 56-64
 programme

 Metrics and targets: Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage
 climate-related risks and opportunities
 a) Disclose the metrics used by the Company to assess climate-related risks and            Reporting on our emissions: Pages 44-45, 48-49,
 opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management processes                      2019 GRI Content Index

 b) Describe the targets used by the Company to manage climate-related risks and            Addressing climate change across our business:
 opportunities and performance against these targets                                        Pages 44-45, 48-49, 2019 GRI Content Index
64    COCA-COLA HBC




Managing risk and materiality continued



Viability statement

Business model and prospects                      • spending for production overheads               Scenario 3: Lower estimates for sales revenue
Our business model and strategy, outlined on        and operating expenses;                         for reasons other than volume decline are
pages 16-17 of this report, documents the         • working capital levels; and                     considered. Principal risk: channel mix.
key factors that underpin the evaluation of       • capital expenditure.                            Scenario 4: Continued stakeholder focus
our prospects. These factors include our:         The Board has assessed that a viability period    on issues relating to sugar and packaging
• attractive geographic diversity;                of five years remains the most appropriate.       resulting in the potential for discriminatory
                                                  This is due to its alignment with the Group’s     taxation. Principal risks: sustainability: plastics
• strong sales and execution capabilities;
                                                  strategic business planning cycle,                and packaging waste and consumer health
• market leadership;
                                                  consistency with the evaluated potential          and wellbeing.
• global brands; and
                                                  impacts of our principal risks as disclosed on    Scenario 5: The impact of higher raw
• diverse beverage portfolio.
                                                  pages 58-61 and our impairment review             material costs was also considered. Principal
The Group’s business model has been tested        process, where goodwill and indefinite-lived      risk: foreign exchange and commodity costs.
during periods of challenging market              intangible assets are tested based on our
                                                                                                    The above scenarios were tested both in
conditions and has been found to be               five-year forecasts.
                                                                                                    isolation and in combination. The stress
effective and resilient. We review our strategy
                                                                                                    testing showed that due to the stable cash
and adjust it over time to respond to             Assessment of viability
                                                                                                    generation of our business, the Group would
changing market conditions and to ensure          Qualitatively, we analysed the output of our      be able to withstand the impact of these
that we create sustainable value for our          robust enterprise risk management and             scenarios occurring over the period of the
shareholders, suppliers, employees, and the       internal business planning and liquidity          financial forecasts. This could be conducted
customers and communities we serve.               management processes, to ensure that the          by making adjustments, if required, to our
The Board considers that our diverse              risks to the Group’s viability are understood     operating plans within the normal course
geographic footprint, including exposure to       and are being effectively managed.                of business.
emerging markets with low per-capita              The Board has concluded that the Group’s          Following a thorough and robust assessment
consumption, and a proven strategy in             well established processes across multiple        of the Group’s risks that could threaten our
combination with our leading market position,     streams continue to provide a                     business model, future performance, solvency
offer significant opportunities for future        comprehensive framework that effectively          or liquidity, the Board has concluded that the
growth. Our Board has historically applied and    supports the operational and strategic            Group is well positioned to effectively manage
continues to apply a prudent approach to the      objectives of the Group. It also provides a       its financial, operational and strategic risks.
Group’s decisions relating to major projects      robust basis for assessment and
and investments. From 2015 to 2019, we            confirmation of the Group’s ability to            Viability statement
generated free cash flow of €416 million per      continue operations and meet its obligations
year on average.                                                                                    Based on our assessment of the Group’s
                                                  as they fall due over the period of
                                                                                                    prospects, business model and viability as
                                                  assessment. Supporting the qualitative
Key assumptions of the business                                                                     outlined above, the Directors can confirm
                                                  assessment was a quantitative analysis
plan and related viability period                                                                   that they have a reasonable expectation that
                                                  performed as part of strategic business
                                                                                                    the Group will be able to continue operating
The Group maintains a well-established            planning. This assessment included, but was
                                                                                                    and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the
strategic business planning process which         not limited to, the Group’s ability to generate
                                                                                                    five-year period ending 31 December 2024.
has formed the basis of the Board’s               cash. We have continued to stress test the
quantitative assessment of the Group’s            plan against several severe but plausible
viability, with the plan reflecting our current   downside scenarios linked to certain principal
strategy over a rolling five-year period. The     risks as follows:
financial projections in the plan are based on    Scenario 1: The impact of changes to foreign
assumptions for the following:                    exchange rates was considered, particularly
• key macroeconomic data that could               the depreciation of foreign currencies
  impact our consumers’ disposable income         including the Russian rouble and Nigerian
  and consequently our sales volume               naira. Principal risk: foreign exchange and
  and revenues;                                   commodity costs.
• key raw material costs;                         Scenario 2: Lower estimates for sales
• foreign currency rates;                         volumes were assessed. Principal risk:
                                                  geopolitical and macroeconomic.
INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   65
                                     SR

                                     CG

                                     FS

                                     SSR

                                     SI
66   COCA-COLA HBC




Financial review

                     2019 was another year of strong progress
                     towards our 2020 objectives. Reflecting on
                     our performance during the first four years of
                     our 2020 strategic plan, we have delivered an
                     average FX-neutral revenue growth of 4.8%
                     per annum and expanded our comparable
                     EBIT margin by 330 bps, leaving us well on
                     track to full delivery of all of our targets by the
                     end of 2020.
                     Performance highlights for 2019 included:
                     • 4.4% FX-neutral revenue growth, or 3.7%
                       excluding the impact of the acquisition of
                       Bambi; a strong performance, considering
                       the impact of the poor summer weather
                       and the discontinuation of Lavazza
                       coffee in Q4;
                     • price/mix improvement in all segments, up
                       1.0% overall, or up 1.1% excluding Bambi;
                     • volume increase of 3.3%, or 2.6%
                       excluding Bambi. Volume growth
                       accelerated strongly in Q4;
                     • 80 basis-point improvement in
                       comparable operating expenses as a
                       percentage of net sales revenue. Of this
                       improvement, 30 basis points was due to
                       revenue leverage on administration and
                       logistics costs, and 50 basis points was due
                       to lower marketing costs as we cycled the
                       investment behind the FIFA World Cup in
                       2018, as well as other one-off items;
                     • another year of strong comparable EBIT
                       growth, which was up 11.5% year-on-year;
                     • comparable EBIT margin increased
                       by 60 basis points to 10.8%;
                     • comparable EPS increased by 10.0%
                       to €1.436; and
                     • strong free cash flow generation
                       of €443 million, up 20% year-on-year
                     As we come to the end of our 2020 strategic
                     plan, we are setting our sights on 2025 and
                     the new targets that we laid out for the
                     business during our Capital Markets Day in
                     June 2019.
                     Our vision to be the leading 24/7 beverage
                     partner will see us targeting top-line growth
                     of 5% to 6% per annum. on average and
                     ongoing margin expansion of 20-40bps per
                     annum, on average, while maintaining strong
                     cash flow generation and a robust and flexible
                     balance sheet.




     Another
     strong year
                                                                                                          INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     67
                                                                                                                                                 SR

                                                                                                                                                 CG

                                                                                                                                                 FS

                                                                                                                                                 SSR

Income statement                                  Key financial information                                                                      SI
                                                                                                                                          %
During 2019 we achieved a 3.3% increase                                                                       2019           2018     change
in volume; excluding the impact of the            Volume (million unit cases)                               2,265         2,192        3.3
acquisition of Bambi, the growth was 2.6%.        Net sales revenue (€ million)                             7,026         6,657        5.5
We continue to see sparkling drinks volumes       Net sales revenue per unit case (€)                        3.10          3.04        2.2
growing faster than the overall portfolio.        Currency-neutral net sales revenue (€ million)            7,026         6,732        4.4
In 2019 sparkling drinks (including energy)       Currency-neutral net sales revenue per unit case (€)       3.10          3.07        1.0
grew by 3.5%, while still beverages grew by       Operating profit (EBIT) (€ million)                         715           639       11.9
1.7%. Volume was up 0.8% in the Established       Comparable EBIT (€ million)                                 759           681       11.5
segment, up 0.5% in the Developing                EBIT margin (%)                                            10.2            9.6     60bps
segment and up 5.7% in the Emerging               Comparable EBIT margin (%)                                 10.8          10.2      60bps
segment (4.4% excluding Bambi). The pace          Net profit (€ million)                                      487           447        9.0
of volume growth was negatively impacted by       Comparable net profit (€ million)                           522           480        8.7
unusually poor weather in several of our
                                                  Comparable basic earnings per share (€)                   1.436         1.306       10.0
larger markets during the second and third
quarter which resulted in weaker industry         Percentage changes are calculated on precise numbers.

volumes. Through this period, and the whole
                                                  Balance sheet
year, we gained or maintained share in the                                                                                2019          2018
majority of our markets.                                                                                               € million     € million
                                                  Assets
FX-neutral revenue per case increased by
                                                  Total non-current assets                                             5,138         4,416
1.0%, or 1.1% excluding the impact of Bambi.
                                                  Total current assets                                                 3,076         2,438
This performance is due to good
                                                  Total assets                                                         8,214         6,854
improvements in package and category mix,
and also to price increases taken in several      Liabilities
markets. Excluding Nigeria, where we have         Total current liabilities                                            2,667         2,019
made targeted price investments over the          Total non-current liabilities                                        2,847         1,719
course of 2019, currency-neutral revenue          Total liabilities                                                    5,514         3,738
per case increased by 2.1%.                       Equity
                                                  Owners of the parent                                                 2,697         3,111
Net sales revenue improved by 4.4% on a
                                                  Non-controlling interests                                                3             5
FX-neutral basis, or 3.7% excluding Bambi.
                                                  Total equity                                                         2,700         3,116
Reported revenue grew by 5.5% as we
                                                  Total equity and liabilities                                         8,214         6,854
benefited from favourable currency
movements of several of our operating             Figures are rounded.
currencies versus the Euro.
FX-neutral input cost per case increased
by 0.6%; a good outcome due to benign
commodity costs growth as well as successful
hedging and pre-buy actions that managed
the risk effectively.
Comparable operating expenses as a
percentage of revenue improved by 80 basis
points in the full year to 26.9%.
During the course of 2019 we issued three
bonds amounting to a total of €1.8 billion.
Net financing costs in 2019 were €67.1 million,
an increase of €25.8 million due to the higher
level of gross debt on our balance sheet.
On a comparable basis, the Group’s effective
tax rate was 25.8% for 2019 and 26.2% for
2018. On a reported basis, the effective tax
rate was 26.2% and 26.6% respectively.
The Group’s effective tax rate varies
depending on the mix of taxable profits by
territory, the non-deductibility of certain
expenses, non-taxable income and other
one-off tax items across its territories.
Comparable net profit increased by 8.7%
and net profit by 9.0% in 2019 compared to
the prior year. The increase was primarily due
to higher operating profitability, partially
offset by higher net financing costs and
increased taxes.
68   COCA-COLA HBC




Financial review continued

                             Dividend                                           Economic value
CURRENCY-NEUTRAL
REVENUE GROWTH               In view of the Group’s progressive dividend        Efficient use of capital and higher profits


+4.4%
                             policy and the assessment of the progress          resulted in an increase in return on invested
                             against the Group’s strategy, the Board of         capital (ROIC) from 13.7% in 2018 to 14.2%
                             Directors has proposed a dividend of €0.62         in 2019. At the same time, our weighted
                             per share. This is an 8.8% increase from           average cost of capital (WACC) decreased
COMPARABLE                   €0.57 per share for 2018. The dividend             from 7.4% in 2018 to 6.9% in 2019. We
OPERATING PROFIT             payment will be subject to shareholders’           continued to grow the positive economic


€759m
                             approval at our Annual General Meeting.            value generated by our operations.
                             After several years of successful progress
                             towards our 2020 objectives, and in light of
                                                                                Financial risk management
                             the positive momentum in the business, a           Although faced with a benign environment
COMPARABLE EBIT                                                                 in foreign exchange rates and commodity
                             special dividend of €2.00 per share was paid
MARGIN IMPROVEMENT                                                              prices for most of 2019, the volatility
                             to shareholders in July 2019.

+60bps                       Balance sheet
                             Total non-current assets increased by €722
                                                                                experienced in the second half of the year
                                                                                was smoothed out through our continuous
                                                                                financial risk management approach. Just as
                                                                                in 2018, the source of the volatility could be
                             million in 2019 driven by the acquisition of
                                                                                attributed to geopolitical events, trade
                             Bambi, the adoption of IFRS 16, additions to
                                                                                tensions and sanctions.
                             property, plant and equipment and foreign
                             currency impact. Net current assets decreased      In terms of managing foreign exchange risk,
                             by €11 million in 2019, mainly due to the          the Group is exposed to exchange rate
                             reclassification of our bond maturing in June      fluctuation of the Euro versus the US Dollar
                             2020 from long to short term, which was            and the local currency of each country of our
                             almost fully offset by increased current assets.   operations. Our risk management strategy
                                                                                involves hedging transactional exposures
                             Cash flow                                          arising from currency fluctuations, with
                             Net cash from operating activities increased       available financial instruments on a 12-month
                             by 16.3% in 2019 compared to the prior year,       rolling basis.
                             due to higher operating profit as well as          The Russian Rouble performed relatively well
                             improvement in working capital.                    in 2019, both against the Euro and the US
                             Capital expenditure, net of receipts from          Dollar. The imposition of new US sanctions
                             the disposal of assets and including principal     during the summer of 2019 had a temporary
                             repayments of lease obligations, as well as the    negative impact on the Rouble that was
                             impact of the adoption of IFRS 16 (leases),        largely mitigated by the hedging strategy we
                             increased by 13.4% in 2019 compared to the         had in place.
                             prior year and represented 6.9% of net sales       Following the rather smooth Nigerian
                             revenue compared to 6.4% in 2018.                  Presidential elections in the first quarter
                             We generated €443 million of free cash flow        of 2019, the Nigerian Naira benefited from
                             in 2019, compared to €370 million in 2018,         increased foreign inflows into the country,
                             representing a 19.6% increase year on year.        up until the middle of the year after which the
                             This result reflects increased operating           Naira reversed almost all of the gains versus
                             profitability and working capital improvements,    the US Dollar. As a result, the 2019 average
                             partly offset by increased capital expenditure     exchange rate of the Naira compared to
                             to support revenue growth.                         the previous year was virtually unchanged
                                                                                against the US Dollar and slightly stronger
                                                                                versus the Euro.

                             Cash flow
                                                                                                           2019            2018
                                                                                                        € million       € million

                             Cash flow from operating activities                                           926             797
                             Payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment                      (473)           (437)
                             Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment                           35              18
                             Principal repayments of lease obligations                                      46              (8)
                             Free cash flow                                                                443            370
                             Figures are rounded.
                                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        69
                                                                                                                                                        SR

                                                                                                                                                        CG

                                                                                                                                                        FS

                                                                                                                                                        SSR

In terms of commodities, our active risk           Looking ahead                                                                                        SI
management strategy allowed us to partially        Prior to the COVID-19 outbreak, external           Total tax by category in 2019 (%)
take advantage of the decreasing prices in         forecasts for 2020 pointed to an economic
aluminium and PET resin. At the same time,         outlook that was progressing well in our
the financial derivatives in fuel oil performed    territories, albeit with global risks.
very well for another year and we were also able
to benefit from fixed priced EU sugar contracts    However, given the spread of the
in certain countries and take advantage of         coronavirus, the range of potential outcomes
lower prices for a large part of 2019.             for the global economy are difficult to predict
                                                   at this point in time. Possible outcomes range
As far as interest rates are concerned, we         from successful virus containment and minor
experienced very favourable market conditions,     short-term impact, to a prolonged global
with interest rates moving to multi-year lows;     contagion resulting in potential recession. At
this enabled us to capture very competitive                                                             Corporate income tax: 47.9%
                                                   the same time, there are a number of policy          Withholding tax: 2.4%
interest rates for the 2019 Euro bond              and fiscal responses emerging across the             Payroll taxes: 40.4%
issuances through interest rate hedging.           globe intended to mitigate potential negative        VAT (cost): 3.6%
                                                                                                        Environmental taxes: 0.1%
Our general policy is to retain a minimum          economic impacts.                                    Other taxes: 5.6%
amount of liquidity reserves in the form of        When it comes to our business, we are
cash and cash equivalents on our balance           monitoring the COVID-19 outbreak                   Taxes we contribute to our
sheet. During 2019, we invested our excess         developments closely, we follow guidance           communities
cash primarily in short-term time deposits         from the World Health Organization and local       When considering tax, Coca-Cola HBC
and money market funds.                            governments and have been implementing             ensures that due consideration is given
                                                   contingency plans to mitigate the impact on        to the Group’s corporate and social
Borrowings                                         our people and operations. As the situation        responsibilities, and the value it places
Our medium- to long-term aim is to maintain        continues to unfold, our primary concern           on earning community trust. More
a ratio of net debt to comparable EBITDA           remains the welfare of our colleagues, their       specifically, Coca-Cola HBC commits
in the range of 1.5 – 2.0 times. In 2019, we       families and the local communities where we        to continue paying taxes in the countries
ended the year with a ratio of 1.54 times.         operate; our plans are focused on continuing       where value is created and ensures that
Our primary funding strategy in the debt           to serve our customers while protecting the        it is fully compliant with tax laws across
capital markets involves raising financing         well-being of our people.                          all relevant jurisdictions. In addition,
through our wholly owned Dutch financing                                                              Coca-Cola HBC commits to being open
subsidiary, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V.                                                                and transparent with tax authorities about
We use our €5 billion Euro Medium Term                                                                the Group’s tax affairs and to disclose
Note programme and our €1 billion Global                                                              relevant information to enable tax
Commercial Paper programme as the main                                                                authorities to carry out their reviews.
basis for our financing. We endeavour to           MICHALIS IMELLOS
                                                                                                      We support the communities in the
maintain our presence and profile in the           CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                                                                                                      countries where we operate directly, by
international capital markets and, where                                                              creating wealth, and also indirectly, by
possible, to broaden our investor base.                                                               paying taxes. These taxes include
We also seek to maintain a well-balanced                                                              corporate income tax calculated on each
redemption profile.                                                                                   country’s taxable profit, employer taxes
                                                                                                      and social security contributions, net VAT
                                                                                                      cost and other taxes that are reflected
                                                                                                      as operating expenses. Excise taxes
                                                                                                      and taxes borne by employees are
                                                                                                      not included.



                                                                                                     2019 Borrowing structure (€ m)




                                                                                                            €3,325m




                                                                                                       Bonds issued: 2,944m
                                                                                                       Commercial paper: 100m
                                                                                                       Leases: 211m
                                                                                                       Other: 70m
70   COCA-COLA HBC




Segment highlights

                     Established markets
                     2019 was the third consecutive year of growth in both      VOLUME VS. 2018
                     volumes and currency-neutral revenue per case in
                     our Established markets. Sparkling volume grew by
                     1.0%, fuelled by Trademark Coke and we are pleased
                                                                                +0.8%
                     to have made significant progress in areas of strategic
                                                                                CURRENCY-NEUTRAL NET
                     focus like adult sparkling and low- and no-sugar           SALES REVENUE PER CASE
                     variants which offer strong growth opportunities           VS. 2018


                                                                                +0.4%
                     while also helping to drive price and mix.




                     Developing markets
                     Developing markets saw another year of good                VOLUME VS. 2018
                     currency-neutral revenue growth development,
                     driven by price/mix, where our successful revenue
                     growth management initiatives are driving continued
                                                                                +0.5%
                     strong progress. Volume growth was impacted by
                                                                                CURRENCY-NEUTRAL NET
                     the unusually poor weather we experienced in several       SALES REVENUE PER CASE
                     of the segment’s markets during the summer months.         VS. 2018


                                                                                +3.7%
                     As weather normalised, we were encouraged to see
                     a strong improvement to volumes in the segment
                     during the fourth quarter.




                     Emerging markets
                     We benefited from another year of good                     VOLUME VS. 2018
                     volume growth in the Emerging markets, particularly
                     driven by Nigerian volume growth. Our investments
                     into pricing in Nigeria are generating a strong
                                                                                +5.7%
                                                                                +4.4% EXCLUDING BAMBI
                     response from our consumers and customers.
                     The medium-sized markets in the segment continue
                                                                                CURRENCY-NEUTRAL NET
                     to see strong growth, while Russia’s volumes were          SALES REVENUE PER CASE
                     stable, impacted by unusually poor weather during          VS. 2018


                                                                                +1.3%
                     the summer months. We continue to see good price/
                     mix development in the segment, albeit impacted in
                     2019 by the targeted investment into pricing in Nigeria.   +1.2% EXCLUDING BAMBI
                                                                                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019                  71
                                                                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                                                                       SI




                                                             2019             2018    % change
Volume (million unit cases)                                 624              619        0.8%           Volume breakdown by country (%)
Net sales revenue (€ million)                             2,518            2,470        1.9%                                                           Italy: 42%
                                                                                                                                                       Greece: 18%
Operating profit (EBIT) (€ million)                         236              232        1.7%
                                                                                                                                                       Austria: 14%
Comparable EBIT (€ million)                                 256              241        6.4%                                                           Republic of Ireland
Total taxes1 (€ million)                                    135              123        9.8%                                                           and Northern Ireland: 12%
                                                                                                                                                       Switzerland: 11%
Population2 (million)                                        91               91        0.1%                                                           Cyprus: 3%
GDP per capita (US$)                                     40,117           41,053       -2.3%
Bottling plants (number)                                     15               13       15.4%
Employees (number)                                        6,624            6,642       -0.3%
Water footprint (billion litres)                             4.2              4.3      -2.3%
Carbon emissions (tonnes)                                80,919           86,468       -6.4%
Safety rate (lost time accidents >1 day
per 100 employees)                                          0.18             0.86 -79.1%
1. Total taxes include corporate income tax, withholding tax and deferred tax, as well as social security costs and other taxes that are reflected as operating expenses;
   as per IFRS accounts.
2. Population source: International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook Database, October 2019. Northern Ireland: NISRA (Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency),
   Office for National Statistics, UK, Northern Ireland Economic Outlook, 2019. Italian data: Sicilian population excluded based on data from ISTAT (Italian National Institute of Statistics).


                                                             2019             2018    % change
Volume (million unit cases)                                 431              429   0.5%                Volume breakdown by country (%)
Net sales revenue (€ million)                             1,352            1,307   3.5%                                                                Poland: 44%
Operating profit (EBIT) (€ million)                         139              131   6.4%                                                                Hungary: 22%
                                                                                                                                                       Czech Republic: 12%
Comparable EBIT (€ million)                                 146              137   6.9%                                                                Baltics: 8%
Total taxes1 (€ million)                                     65               65      –                                                                Croatia: 7%
                                                                                                                                                       Slovakia: 5%
Population2 (million)                                        76               76      –                                                                Slovenia: 2%
GDP per capita (US$)                                     17,430           17,529 -0.6%
Bottling plants (number)                                       9                8 12.5%
Employees (number)                                        4,738            4,721   0.4%
Water footprint (billion litres)                             3.5              3.1 12.9%
Carbon emissions (tonnes)                                70,453           82.470 -14.6%
Safety rate (lost time accidents >1 day
per 100 employees)                                          0.30             0.38 -21.1%
1. Total taxes include corporate income tax, withholding tax and deferred tax, as well as social security costs and other taxes that are reflected as operating expenses;
   as per IFRS accounts.
2. Population source: International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook Database, October 2019.


                                                             2019             2018    % change
Volume (million unit cases)                              1,209            1,144   5.7%                 Volume breakdown by country (%)
Net sales revenue (€ million)                            3,156            2,880   9.6%                                                                 Russian Federation: 29%
Operating profit (EBIT) (€ million)                        340              277 23.0%                                                                  Nigeria: 23%
                                                                                                                                                       Romania: 17%
Comparable EBIT (€ million)                                356              303 17.5%                                                                  Serbia and Montenegro: 10%
Total taxes1 (€ million)                                   149              141   5.7%                                                                 Ukraine: 9%
                                                                                                                                                       Bulgaria: 5%
Population2 (million)                                      447              442   1.1%                                                                 Belarus: 3%
GDP per capita (US$)                                     6,108            6,040   1.1%                                                                 Bosnia and Herzegovina: 2%
Bottling plants (number)                                    32               31   3.2%                                                                 Armenia: 1%
                                                                                                                                                       Moldova: 1%
Employees (number)                                      17,027           17,521 -2.8%
Water footprint (billion litres)                            9.1              9.3 -2.2%
Carbon emissions (tonnes)                              330,118          369,267 -10.6%
Safety rate (lost time accidents >1 day
per 100 employees)                                          0.86             0.24 >100%
1. Total taxes include corporate income tax, withholding tax and deferred tax, as well as social security costs and other taxes that are reflected as operating expenses;
   as per IFRS accounts.
2. Population source: International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook Database, October 2019.
Figures are rounded. Percentage changes are calculated on precise numbers.
72   COCA-COLA HBC




Non-financial reporting directive



Delivering 24/7 takes an
integrated approach


Our                                 Policies and                                     Effective
purpose                             values                                           oversight

Serving as our                      Underpinning our business                        Our Board and senior
north star to guide                 and setting the direction for                    management ensure
everything we do.                   how we achieve our goals.                        we stay on course to
                                                                                     achieve our vision.




Our purpose page 12                 Values page 39
                                    • Winning with customers
                                    • Nurturing our people
                                    • Excellence
                                    • Integrity
                                    • Learning
                                                                                     Senior leadership pages 14, 22
                                    • Performing as one

                                    Policies (see our website)
                                    Environmental matters
                                    • Environmental policy
                                    • Climate Change policy
We are devoted to growing           • Packaging Waste & Recycling policy
                                    • Sustainable Agricultural Guiding Principles
every customer and                  • Water Stewardship policy
                                    Employees
delighting every consumer           • Code of Business Conduct
24/7 by nurturing passionate        • Inclusion & Diversity policy
                                    • Occupational Health & Safety policy
& empowered teams of                • Quality & Food Safety Policy

people while enriching our          Human Rights                                     How our Board considers
                                    • Human Rights policy
                                                                                     stakeholders in decision-making
communities & caring for            • Supplier Guiding Principles
                                    • Slavery & Human Trafficking statement          pages 90-91
the environment.                    Social matters
                                    • Health & Wellness policy                       Social Responsibility Committee
                                    • HIV/AIDS policy
                                    • Code of Business Conduct                       page 106
                                    • Supplier Guiding Principles
                                    • GMO position statement
                                    • Community Contributions policy
                                    • Premium spirits Responsible Marketing policy   STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
                                    • Public policy engagement
                                    • Quality & Food Safety policy                   Board engagement with
                                    Anti-bribery & Corruption                        key stakeholders
                                    • Code of Business Conduct
                                    • Anti-bribery policy & compliance handbook
                                    • Supplier Guiding Principles
                                    • Community contributions policy
                                    Principal risk
                                    • Risk policy
                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   73
                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                     SSR

                                                  This spread constitutes our non-financial information              SI
                                                  statement. The below provides page references mapping
                                                  out how our report complies with relevant regulation
                                                  on non-financial information.




Positive                         Executing                             Defining our
influence                        our vision                            success

Being conscious of               To fulfil our Growth Story            Operating in a sustainable
stakeholders, risks, market      2025 we must consider                 way to ensure our
changes and material             all stakeholders at every             remuneration and sustainability
issues, while responding         step of our journey.                  commitments are interlinked.
through our business model
in a positive way.




Business model pages 16-17

                                 Strategic pillars page 25             Remuneration report page 108


Stakeholder engagement page 19
                                  1 LEVERAGE OUR
                                    UNIQUE 24/7
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
                                        PORTFOLIO
Understanding our                                                      Maintaining our leadership of the beverage
stakeholders                                                           industry in the DJSI index is part of the


Market review pages 20-21
                                  2 WIN IN THE
                                    MARKETPLACE
                                                                       CEO’s individual performance metrics.
                                                                       See page 122
• Regulatory environment                                               CEO pay ratio
• Sustainability
                                                                       See page 125

Principal risks page 56           3     FUEL GROWTH THROUGH
                                        COMPETITIVENESS                2025 Sustainability
                                                                       Commitments page 48
                                        & INVESTMENT
  1         2        6   7                                             • Emissions reduction
                                                                       • Water reduction and stewardship
  9        11       12
                                  4 CULTIVATE THE
                                    POTENTIAL OF
                                                                       • World Without Waste
                                                                       • Ingredient sourcing
                                        OUR PEOPLE                     • Nutrition
Material issues page 55
                                                                       • Our people and communities
GRI Content Index
https://coca-colahellenic.com/
Campaigns/AnnualReport2019/
                                  5 EARN OUR LICENCE
                                    TO OPERATE
assets/pdf/Coca-Cola-HBC-2019-
GRI-Content-Index.pdf
74   COCA-COLA HBC
                      INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     75
                                                             SR

                                                             CG

                                                             FS

                                                             SSR



Corporate                                                    SI




Governance
Contents
76    Chairman’s introduction to corporate governance
80    Board of Directors
84    Corporate Governance Report
108   Directors’ Remuneration Report
130   Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
76   COCA-COLA HBC




Chairman’s introduction to corporate governance



Governing the vision

Letter from the                                        Delivering more
                                                       The long-term success of our business is intertwined with the
Chairman of the Board                                  success of our customers and partners, and our ability to delight
                                                       consumers with the beverages and brands they love. The theme of
                                                       this year’s report, “What It Takes To Deliver 24/7” highlights our focus
                                                       on providing better, faster service through more channels with more
                                                       products. This means delivering faster growth for our Company
                                                       and our customers, more opportunities for our people, more
                                                       environmental leadership spurred by more ambitious objectives
                                                       and more value created for other stakeholders, including consumers
                                                       and the communities in which we operate.
                                                       As a Board, we aim to ensure the highest standards of corporate
                                                       governance as we oversee the implementation of these plans.
                                                       See “Governance in Action” and “How the Board was involved in the
                                                       development of our Growth Story 2025” on page 93.

                                                       Importance of good governance
Dear Shareholder                                       Our internal policies and procedures, which have been consistently
As Chairman, I am pleased to introduce our             effective since the Group was formed, are properly documented
Corporate Governance Report for 2019, with details     and communicated against the framework applicable to premium
about the strong and effective governance system       listed companies in the UK. As a Board, our aim is to ensure the
                                                       highest standards of corporate governance, accountability
throughout the Group which supports the long-term
                                                       and risk management.
success of our business. Our Board’s independence
and diverse range of skills helps keep us focused on   The Board and its committees conducted an annual review of the
long-term competitiveness. I believe the Board has     effectiveness of our risk management system and internal controls,
                                                       further details of which are set out in the Audit and Risk Committee
proved that it is working well together, and the
                                                       Report on page 98. The Board confirms that it has concluded that
results of our work this year on our Growth Story
                                                       our risk management and internal control systems are effective.
2025 strategy and the reinforcement of corporate
governance and sustainability commitments is           This year we are subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018.
testament to the effectiveness of the Board.           It sets out the principles of good practice in relation to: board leadership
                                                       and company purpose; division of responsibilities; composition, success
                                                       and evaluation; audit, risk and internal controls; and remuneration.
                                                       Further information on our application of the UK Corporate Governance
                                                       Code 2018 for the year ended 31 December 2019 can be found in
                                                       this report on page 78.

                                                       Strategy and oversight
                                                       Our focus during the year was on the approval and introduction
                                                       of our Growth Story 2025 strategy. The Board was also particularly
                                                       focused on aligning strategically with our network of partners and
                                                       The Coca-Cola Company in all of our markets and managing the risks
                                                       related to the external environment. For further information see
                                                       “How the Board was involved in the development of our Growth Story
                                                       2025” on page 93.
                                                       The Board’s meetings are split between guiding the longer-term
                                                       vision and strategy of the Group, and assessing operational and
                                                       financial updates on the markets where we operate. These updates
                                                       provide links and context for the strategic discussions, as well as
                                                       governance oversight.
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019         77
                                                                                                                                                             SR

                                                                                                                                                             CG

                                                                                                                                                             FS

                                                                                                                                                             SSR

                                                                                                                                                             SI




Meetings take place in Zug, Switzerland, but also in selected markets       Our Nomination Committee has developed strong succession plans
across our footprint, to facilitate Board interaction with local            for the Board and senior management and these plans are reviewed
management and to enable Director to learn more about their                 at least annually. The Board is mindful of the overall length of service
challenges and opportunities, and the way they are operating at a local     of the Board as a whole and is committed to recruiting Directors
level. In that context, our June 2019 meeting was held in Athens,           with diverse backgrounds, personalities, skills and experience.
Greece to celebrate 50 years of the Company’s presence in Greece.           We continue to attach great importance to all aspects of diversity
                                                                            in our nomination processes at Board and senior management levels,
Culture and values                                                          while appointing candidates with the credentials that are necessary
Our strong corporate culture is fundamental to our business                 for the continuing growth of our operations within a highly competitive
continuity and success, and the Board plays a critical role in shaping      and specialised industry.
the culture of the Company by promoting growth-focused and                  Alfredo Rivera was appointed to the Board, at the 2019 Annual
values-based conduct. As our business evolves in response to an             General Meeting, as non-Executive Director and Ahmet Bozer retired
evolving business environment, in 2019 the Board approved and               on the same date.
endorsed an update to our core values. We retained our enduring core
values of excellence and customer service while increasing focus on
continual learning and smart risk taking. Our six Growth Mindset
Values are: winning with customers; nurturing our people; excellence;
integrity; learning; and performing as one. These values make for a
culture where our people are clear on our purpose, our growth pillars
and the elements of how we grow as well as on our targets.                  ANASTASSIS G. DAVID
                                                                            CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
We monitor our progress in integrating our values through various
indicators, including our Employee Engagement Index, diversity
indicators, and health and safety indicators in order to ensure that
these remain relevant and in line with our strategy pillars, especially
around cultivating the potential of our people and earning our licence
to operate. We understand the importance of the Board’s role in
establishing the Company’s ‘tone from the top’ in terms of its culture
and values, and our Directors lead by example as ambassadors of our
values in order to cascade good behaviour through the organisation.          How the Board was involved in the development
By focusing on continuous improvement, we model the values of                of our 24/7 vision
excellence and learning. Equally importantly and as illustrated in other
sections of the report, the Board reviewed during 2019 the feedback
of the employee and customer satisfaction surveys and as a result the
Board approved additional investments in coolers and technology to
support evolving consumer needs.
Charlotte Boyle has been appointed as non-Executive Director
responsible for engaging with our people to provide feedback to the
Board to ensure Board discussions and decisions take into account
                                                                                 To ensure that our vision to become the leading 24/7 beverage
our people’s concerns.                                                           partner is successful, the Board has the important responsibility
                                                                                 of ensuring that our Company culture and values are aligned with
Board evaluation                                                                 our business model and strategy. Our talented people are being
                                                                                 asked to be even more agile and more entrepreneurial, focusing
In line with our commitment to adhere to best corporate governance               efforts on the highest-return opportunities. As a Board, we have to
practices, an externally facilitated Board effectiveness evaluation was          foster an environment that empowers our people and supports the
conducted in the second half of 2019. In line with past practice, we will        informed risk-taking, collaboration and inclusion which is necessary
                                                                                 for innovation.
do this once again in 2020 to build upon the learnings of the 2019
                                                                                 To achieve alignment between the Company’s culture and values
evaluation. Further details are set out in the Nomination Committee
                                                                                 and our new growth mindset, in 2019 the Board oversaw changes
Report on page 104.                                                              to the Group’s ERM system as well as evolution in employee
                                                                                 development and remuneration programmes. For more information
Board composition and diversity                                                  about our evolving culture, see the sections of this report on risk,
                                                                                 people and remuneration, on pages 58, 38, 108 respectively.
The composition and size of the Board will continue to be under
review. We believe that our Board is well-balanced and diverse,
with the right mix of international skills, experience, background,                    See page 93 for more information.
independence and knowledge in order to discharge its duties and
responsibilities effectively.
78    COCA-COLA HBC




The UK Corporate
Governance Code 2018
As a Swiss corporation listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) with a secondary listing on the Athens Exchange, we aim to ensure that
our corporate governance systems remain in line with international best practices. Our corporate governance standards and procedures are
continuously reviewed in light of current developments and rulemaking processes in the UK, Switzerland and also the EU. Further details are
available on our website.
In respect of the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company was subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (a copy is available
from: frc.org.uk).
Our Board believes that the Company applied the principles and complied with, except as set out in this report, the provisions of the UK
Corporate Governance Code throughout 2019. The Chairman was not independent on appointment. In addition, the Chairman has been a
Board member for more than nine years, see page 84 for further details. Pursuant to our obligations under the Listing Rules, we intend to apply
the principles and continually comply with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code or to explain any instances of non-compliance
in our Annual Report. The Company has applied the principles insofar as possible and in accordance with and permitted by Swiss law. Further
information on appointment of Directors and compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code can be found as follows:



 Section 1: Board leadership and company purpose             See page       Section 3: Composition, succession and evaluation              See page
 A. Effective and entrepreneurial board to promote the                      J.   Board appointments and succession plans for board and
    long-term sustainable success of the company,                                senior management and promotion of diversity
    generating value for shareholders and contributing to                   K.   Skills, experience and knowledge of Board and length of
    wider society                                                                service of board as a whole
 B. Purpose, values and strategy with alignment to culture                  L.   Annual evaluation of board and directors and
 C. Resources for the company to meet its objectives and                         demonstration of whether each director continues to
    measure performance. Controls framework for                                  contribute effectively
    management and assessment of risks
                                                                            •    Board composition                                         84
 D. Effective engagement with shareholders and
    stakeholders                                                            •    Diversity, tenure and experience                          87
 E. Consistency of workforce policies and practices to
                                                                            •    Board, committee and director performance evaluation      88, 105
    support long-term sustainable success
                                                                            •    Nomination committee report                               104
 •    Chairman’s letter                                      14
 •    Strategic report                                       12-72          Section 4: Audit, risk and internal controls                   See page
 •    Board engagement with key stakeholders                 90             M. Independence and effectiveness of internal and external
 •    Shareholder engagement                                 92                audit functions and integrity of financial and narrative
                                                                               statements
 •    Audit and Risk Committee Report                        98             N. Fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the
 •    Conflicts of interest                                  89                company’s position and prospects
                                                                            O. Risk management and internal control framework and
 Section 2: Division of responsibilities                     See page          principal risks company is willing to take to achieve its
                                                                               long-term objectives
 F.   Leadership of board by chair                                          •    Audit and Risk Committee report                           98
 G.   Board composition and responsibilities
 H.   Role of non-executive directors                                       •    Strategic report                                          12-72
 I.   Company secretary, policies, processes, information,                  •    Fair, balanced and understandable annual report           129
      time and resources
                                                                            •    Going concern basis of accounting                         129
 •    Board composition                                      84
                                                                            •    Viability statement                                       64
 •    Key roles and responsibilities                         85
 •    General qualifications required of all Directors       87
                                                                            Section 5: Remuneration                                        See page

 •    Information and training                               89             P. Remuneration policies and practices to support strategy
                                                                               and promote long-term sustainable success with
 •    Board appointments and succession planning             89                executive remuneration aligned to company purpose and
                                                                               value
                                                                            Q. Procedure for executive remuneration, director and
                                                                               senior management remuneration
                                                                            R. Authorisation of remuneration outcomes
                                                                            •    Remuneration committee report                             108-128
                                                                                                             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019         79
                                                                                                                                                        SR

                                                                                                                                                        CG

                                                                                                                                                        FS

                                                                                                                                                        SSR

                                                                                                                                                        SI




Certain differences between the Company’s                                 Amending the articles of association
corporate governance practices and the UK                                 The Articles of Association may only be amended by a resolution
                                                                          of the shareholders passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of the
Corporate Governance Code
                                                                          voting rights represented and an absolute majority of the nominal
The Swiss Ordinance against Excessive Compensation in Listed              value of the shares represented.
Companies further limits the authority of the Remuneration
Committee and the Board to determine compensation. The effective          Share capital structure
limitations include requiring that the Annual General Meeting approve
                                                                          The Company has ordinary shares in issue with a nominal value of
the maximum total compensation of each of the Board and the
                                                                          CHF 6.7 each. Rights attaching to each share are identical and each
Operating Committee, requiring that certain compensation elements
                                                                          share carries one vote. The Company’s Articles of Association also
be authorised in the Articles of Association and prohibiting certain
                                                                          allow, subject to shareholder approval, for the conversion of registered
forms of compensation, such as severance payments and financial
                                                                          shares into bearer shares and bearer shares into registered shares.
or monetary incentives for the acquisition or disposal of firms. We are
                                                                          Details in the movement in ordinary share capital during the year can
in compliance with the requirements of the Swiss Ordinance against
                                                                          be found on page 192. There are no persons holding shares that carry
Excessive Compensation in Listed Companies and have amended our
                                                                          special rights with regard to the control of the Company.
Articles of Association to that effect.
Anastassis G. David was originally appointed at the request of            Powers of directors to issue and buy back shares
Kar-Tess Holding and was not, at the time of his appointment as
                                                                          Subject to the provisions of the relevant laws and the Articles
Chairman, independent as defined by the UK Corporate Governance
                                                                          of Association, the Board acting collectively has the ultimate
Code. In view of Anastassis David’s strong identification with the
                                                                          responsibility for running the Company and the supervision and
Company and its shareholder interests, combined with his deep
                                                                          control of its executive management. The Directors may take
knowledge and experience of the Coca-Cola System, the Board
                                                                          decisions on all matters which are not expressly reserved to the
deemed it to be in the best interests of the Group and its shareholders
                                                                          shareholders or by the Articles of Association. Pursuant to the
for him to be appointed as Chairman, to continue to promote an
                                                                          provisions of the Articles of Association, the Directors require
effective and appropriately balanced leadership of the Group. In
                                                                          shareholder authority to issue and repurchase shares. At the Annual
accordance with the established policy of appointing all Directors for
                                                                          General Meeting on 11 June 2018, the shareholders authorised the
one year at a time, the Board intends to continue to keep all positions
                                                                          Directors to repurchase ordinary shares of CHF 6.70 each in the
under regular review and subject to annual election by shareholders
                                                                          capital of the Company up to a maximum aggregate number of
at the Annual General Meeting.
                                                                          7,500,000 representing approximately 2% of the Company’s issued
                                                                          share capital as at 30 April 2018. The authority expired at the
Application of governance codes                                           conclusion of the 2019 Annual General Meeting on 18 June 2019.
                                                                          The Company commenced a share buy-back programme on
Other corporate governance codes                                          3 December 2018 and reported on the shares repurchased as at
There is no mandatory corporate governance code under Swiss law           13 March 2019 in the 2018 integrated annual report. The programme
applicable to us. The main source of law for Swiss governance rules is    continued after 13 March 2019 and concluded on 29 May 2019.
the company law contained in article 620 ff. of the Swiss Code of         Between 14 March and 29 May 2019, 2,921,668 shares were
Obligations, as well as the Ordinance against Excessive Compensation      purchased at an average of 2,575.74 pence per share. Following the
in Listed Companies.                                                      completion of the buy-back programme 3.249.803 shares have been
In addition, the UK’s City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (the ‘City       cancelled. Total shares held in treasury being 6,658,233 of which
Code’) does not apply to the Company by operation of law, as the          3,228,098 shares are held by Coca-Cola HBC AG and 3,430,135
Company is not incorporated under English law. The Articles of            shares are held by its subsidiary, Coca-Cola HBC Services MEPE.
Association include specific provisions designed to prevent any           There is no outstanding authority for the Directors to repurchase
person acquiring shares carrying 30% or more of the voting rights         or issue shares, since no authority of the shareholders was sought
(taken together with any interest in shares held or acquired by the       or approved at the Annual General Meeting on 18 June 2019.
acquirer or persons acting in concert with the acquirer) except if
(subject to certain exceptions) such acquisition would not have been
prohibited by the City Code or if such acquisition is made through an
offer conducted in accordance with the City Code. For further details,
please refer to the Company’s Articles of Association, which are
available on our website.
80     COCA-COLA HBC




Board of directors




From left to right: Alfredo Rivera, Reto Francioni, José Octavio Reyes, Olusola (Sola) David-Borha, Zoran Bogdanovic, Charlotte J. Boyle


Anastassis G. David                                            Charlotte J. Boyle                                             Sola holds a first degree in Economics, and obtained
Non-Executive Chairman                                         Independent non-Executive Director                             an MBA degree from Manchester Business School.
                                                                                                                              Her executive education experience includes the
Appointment: Anastassis David was appointed                                                                                   Advanced Management Programme of the Harvard
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola                Appointment: Charlotte Boyle was appointed to                  Business School and the Global CEO Programme
HBC on 27 January 2016. He joined the Board of                 the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC on 20                  of CEIBS, Wharton and IESE.
Coca-Cola HBC as a non-Executive Director in                   June 2017.                                                     External appointments: Since January 2017, Sola
2006 and was appointed Vice Chairman in 2014.                                                                                 is the Chief Executive of the Africa Regions
                                                               Skills and experience: Charlotte joined The Zygos
Skills and experience: Anastassis brings to his role           Partnership, an international executive search and             (excluding South Africa) for Standard Bank Group,
more than 20 years’ experience as an investor and              board advisory firm, as a consultant in 2003 and was           Africa’s largest bank by assets with operations in 20
non-executive director in the beverage industry.               subsequently appointed associate partner in 2006               countries across the continent. Sola is an Honorary
Anastassis is also a former Chairman of Navios                 and partner in 2008. After 14 years with the firm,             Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Bankers of
Corporation. He holds a BA in History from Tufts               she retired from her position in July 2017. Prior              Nigeria (CIBN) and a former Vice Chairman of the
University.                                                    to that, Charlotte worked at Goldman Sachs                     Nigerian Economic Summit Group.
External appointments: Anastassis is active in                 International between 2000 and 2003. Between                   Nationality: Nigerian
the international community and serves on the                  1996 and 1999 she was a consultant at Egon
International Board of Advisors of Tufts University.           Zehnder International, an international executive
He serves as vice-chairman of Aegean Airlines S.A.             search and management assessment firm.                         William W. (Bill) Douglas III
and vice-chairman of the Cyprus Union of                       Charlotte obtained an MBA from the London                      Independent non-Executive Director
Shipowners. He is also a member of the Board of                Business School and an MA from Oxford University,
Trustees of College Year in Athens.                            and was a Bahrain British Foundation Scholar.
Nationality: British                                           External appointments: Charlotte serves as an                  Appointment: Bill Douglas was appointed to
                                                               independent non-executive director and chair                   the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC on 21
                                                               of the Remuneration Committee of Capco plc,                    June 2016.
                                                               a non-executive adviser to the Global Board of
Zoran Bogdanovic                                                                                                              Skills and experience: Bill is a former Vice
                                                               Knight Frank LLP and as a member of the board
Chief Executive Officer,                                                                                                      President of Coca-Cola Enterprises, a position in
                                                               and chair of the Finance Committee of Alfanar,
Executive Director                                                                                                            which he served from July 2004 until his retirement
                                                               the venture philanthropy organisation.
                                                                                                                              in June 2016. Bill has held various positions within
Appointment: Zoran Bogdanovic was appointed                    Nationality: British                                           the Coca-Cola System since 1985. In 1991, he was
to the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC in                                                                                 appointed Division Finance Manager for the Nordic
2018.                                                                                                                         & Northern Eurasia Division of The Coca-Cola
Skills and experience: Zoran was previously                    Olusola (Sola) David-Borha                                     Company. Bill moved to Atlanta in 1994 as Executive
the Company’s Region Director responsible for                  Independent non-Executive Director                             Assistant to the President of The Coca-Cola
operations in 12 countries, and has been a member                                                                             Company’s Greater Europe Group. In 1996, he
of the Operating Committee since 2013. He joined                                                                              became Nordic Region Manager. In 1998, he was
the Company in 1996 and has held a number of                   Appointment: Sola David-Borha was appointed to                 appointed Controller of Coca-Cola Beverages plc.
senior leadership positions, including as General              the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC in 2015.               From 2000 until 2004, Bill served as Chief Financial
Manager of the Company’s operations in Croatia,                                                                               Officer of Coca‑Cola HBC. He joined Coca-Cola
Switzerland and Greece. Zoran has a track record               Skills and experience: Sola was Chief Executive
                                                               Officer of Stanbic IBTC Holdings plc, a full service           Enterprises in 2004 when he was appointed Vice
of delivering results across our territories and                                                                              President, Controller and Principal Accounting
demonstrating the values that are the foundation               financial services group with subsidiaries in
                                                               commercial banking, investment banking, pension                Officer. He was appointed Senior Vice President
of our Company culture.                                                                                                       and Chief Financial Officer in 2005 and Executive
                                                               and non-pension asset management and
External appointments: None                                    stockbroking. Stanbic IBTC Holdings is listed on               Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
                                                               the Nigerian Stock Exchange and is a member of                 Coca‑Cola Enterprises in 2008. From 2013 to
Nationality: Croatian                                                                                                         2015, Bill was the Executive Vice President, Supply
                                                               Standard Bank group.
                                                                                                                              Chain. Before joining the Coca‑Cola System, Bill
                                                               Sola has more than 30 years’ experience in financial           was associated with Ernst & Whinney, an
                                                               services and held several senior roles within the              international accounting firm. He received his
                                                               Stanbic Group, including the position of Chief                 undergraduate degree from the J.M. Tull School
                                                               Executive of Stanbic IBTC Bank from May 2011 to                of Accounting at the University of Georgia.
                                                               November 2012. She also served as Deputy Chief
                                                               Executive Officer of Stanbic IBTC Bank and Head
                                                               of Investment Banking Coverage Africa (excluding
                                                               South Africa).
                                                                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       81
                                                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                                                       SI




From left to right: Anastassis G. David, William W. (Bill) Douglas III, Alexandra Papalexopoulou, John P. Sechi, Christo Leventis, Anastasios I. Leventis, Ryan Rudolph


External appointments: Bill is the Lead Director                Anastasios I. Leventis                                           Alexandra Papalexopoulou
and Chairman of the Audit Committee of SiteOne                  Non-Executive Director                                           Independent non-Executive Director
Landscape Supply, Inc. He is also a member of the
Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee
for The North Highland company. Finally, he is on               Appointment: Anastasios Leventis was appointed                   Appointment: Alexandra Papalexopoulou was
the Board and past Chair of the University of                   to the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC in 2014.              appointed to the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola
Georgia Trustees.                                                                                                                HBC in 2015.
                                                                Skills and experience: Anastasios previously
Nationality: American                                           worked as a banking analyst at Credit Suisse and                 Skills and experience: Alexandra worked
                                                                American Express Bank. He holds a BA in Classics                 previously for the OECD and the consultancy firm
                                                                from the University of Exeter and an MBA from New                Booz, Allen & Hamilton, in Paris. From 2003 until
Reto Francioni                                                  York University’s Leonard Stern School of Business.              February 2015, she served as a member of the
Senior Independent non-Executive Director                                                                                        board of directors of Frigoglass S.A.I.C. From 2010
                                                                External appointments: Anastasios currently
                                                                                                                                 to 2015, she served as a member of the board of
                                                                works for Leventis Overseas Limited, a company
                                                                                                                                 directors of National Bank of Greece and from 2007
                                                                that provides goods and services to companies
Appointment: Reto Francioni was appointed to                                                                                     to 2009, she served as a member of the board of
                                                                in West Africa, and is a board member of A.G.
the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC on 21                                                                                    directors of Emporiki Bank. Alexandra holds a BA
                                                                Leventis (Nigeria) Plc. Anastasios is also a director
June 2016.                                                                                                                       in Economics and Mathematics from Swarthmore
                                                                of Alpheus Administration, a private company that
                                                                                                                                 College, USA, and an MBA from INSEAD, France.
Skills and experience: Reto has been Professor                  administers assets for private clients and charitable
of Applied Capital Markets Theory at the University             foundations. In addition, he serves as a trustee                 External appointments: Alexandra is the Strategic
of Basel since 2006 and is the author of several                of the A.G. Leventis Foundation, a member of the                 Planning Director at Titan Cement Company S.A.,
highly respected books on capital market issues.                board of overseers of the Gennadius Library in                   where she has been employed since 1992 and has
From 2005 until 2015, Reto was Chief Executive                  Athens and a member of the Campaign board                        served as Executive Director since 1995. Alexandra
Officer of Deutsche Börse AG and from 2002 until                of the University of Exeter.                                     is treasurer and a member of the board of directors
2005, he served as Chairman of the Supervisory                                                                                   of the Paul and Alexandra Canellopoulos Foundation,
                                                                Nationality: British
Board and President of the SWX Group, which owns                                                                                 a member of the board of directors of the INSEAD
the Swiss Stock Exchange and has holdings in other                                                                               business school and a member of the board of
exchanges. Between 2000 and 2002, Reto was                                                                                       trustees of the American College of Greece.
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Spokesman for the                Christo Leventis
                                                                Non-Executive Director                                           Nationality: Greek
Board of Directors of Consors AG. Between 1993
and 2000, he held various management positions
at Deutsche Börse AG, including that of Deputy                  Appointment: Christo Leventis was appointed to
Chief Executive Officer. From 2003 until 2005, Reto             the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC in 2014.
was an Adjunct Professor of Economics and                       Skills and experience: Christo worked as an
Finance at Zicklin School of Business, part of the              Investment Analyst with Credit Suisse Asset
City University of New York. He earned his                      Management from 1994 to 1999. In 2001, he joined
Doctorate of Law at the University of Zurich.                   J.P. Morgan Securities as an Equity Research
External appointments: Reto serves as a member                  Analyst focusing on European beverage
of the Board of Directors of UBS Group and also                 companies. From 2003 until March 2014, Christo
as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Swiss               was a member of the Board of Directors of
International Airlines. Reto is also a Vice Chairman            Frigoglass S.A.I.C., a leading global manufacturer
at the Board of Directors of Medtech Innovation                 of commercial refrigeration products for the
Partners AG, Basel.                                             beverage industry. Christo holds a BA in Classics
                                                                from University College London and an MBA from
Nationality: Swiss                                              the Kellogg School of Management in Chicago.
                                                                External appointments: In 2003, Christo started
                                                                the private equity investment arm of Alpheus,                    Board committees
                                                                a private asset management company, and he
                                                                continues to serve as a member of its investment                       Audit and Risk Committee page 98
                                                                advisory committee.                                                    Nomination Committee page 104
                                                                Nationality: British
                                                                                                                                       Social Responsibility Committee page 106
                                                                                                                                       Remuneration Committee page 108
                                                                                                                                       Committee Chair
82    COCA-COLA HBC




Board of directors continued

José Octavio Reyes                                     External appointments: Alfredo is President of the       John P. Sechi
Non-Executive Director                                 Latin American Group for The Coca-Cola Company.          Independent non-Executive Director
                                                       He oversees the Coca-Cola business across four
                                                       business units in Latin America: South Latin, Brazil,
Appointment: José Octavio Reyes was appointed          Latin Center and Mexico. A long-time veteran of          Appointment: John Sechi was appointed to the
to the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC in 2014.    The Coca-Cola System, Alfredo is also contributing       Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC in 2014.
                                                       to crafting the short- and long-term growth
Skills and experience: José is the former Vice         strategies of The Coca-Cola Company.                     Skills and experience: John started his career
Chairman of The Coca-Cola Export Corporation,                                                                   as a financial analyst and audit manager. In 1985,
a position in which he served from January 2013        Nationality: Honduran                                    he joined The Coca-Cola Company as an internal
until his retirement in March 2014. He was president   Ryan Rudolph                                             auditor. In 1987, John became the Finance Director
of the Latin America Group of The Coca-Cola            Non-Executive Director                                   for Coca-Cola Great Britain Limited based in
Company from December 2002 to December                                                                          London. The following year, he was appointed
2012. Following various managerial positions in        Appointment: Ryan Rudolph was appointed                  General Manager of the European Supply Point
Mexico, Brazil and in The Coca-Cola Company            to the Board of Directors of Coca‑Cola HBC on            Group and in 1990 he moved to Madrid to join the
headquarters in Atlanta, José was named President      21 June 2016.                                            Iberian Division as Chief Financial Officer. In 1993,
of the North Latin America Division of Coca-Cola                                                                John was promoted to President of the Central
in 2002. Prior to joining Coca-Cola, José spent five   Skills and experience: From 1993 until 2006,             Mediterranean Division of The Coca-Cola
years with Grupo IRSA, a Monsanto Company joint        Ryan worked as an attorney at the business law           Company, based in Milan, where he was responsible
venture. José holds a BSc in Chemical Engineering      firm Lenz & Staehelin in Zurich. Prior to that, he       for operations in Greece, Cyprus, Malta, Bulgaria,
from the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de              worked as a public relations consultant at the public    Former Yugoslavia (Croatia, Serbia, Bosnia,
México and an MBA from the Instituto Tecnológico       relations agency Huber & Partner in Zurich, as           Montenegro, Kosovo and North Macedonia),
de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey.                   marketing assistant and subsequently as manager          Albania and Italy. In 1998, he was promoted to
                                                       at Winterthur Life Insurance as well as part-time with   President of the German Division, based in
External appointments: José has been a member          D&S, the Institute for Marketing and Communications      Düsseldorf. John was Chairman of Globalpraxis,
of the board of directors of MasterCard WorldWide      Research in Zurich. Ryan obtained an LLM from the        a commercial consulting firm, from 2001 to 2008.
since January 2008. He has been a Director             University of Zurich and is admitted to the Zurich       From 2007 until 2013, he was President, Greater
of Coca-Cola FEMSA S.A.B. de C.V. since 2016.          bar. Ryan also studied at the Faculté des Lettres        Europe of The Campbell Soup Company, and from
Nationality: Mexican                                   of the University of Geneva, as well as the Ecole        2006 to 2011, a non‑executive Board member and
                                                       Polytechnique in Lausanne.                               Chairman of the Audit Committee of Coca-Cola
                                                       External appointments: Ryan is an attorney and           Içecek. John has a BA in Business Management
Alfredo Rivera                                         partner at the Zurich-based law firm Oesch &             from Ryerson University in Toronto and is a
Non-Executive Director                                 Rudolph. In addition, he serves as a member of the       Chartered Accountant (Canada) and a Chartered
                                                       Foundation Board of the A.G. Leventis Foundation         Professional Accountant.
Appointment: Alfredo Rivera was appointed to           and as a member of the board of various                  External appointments: John is a non-executive
the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC on 18          privately-held companies.                                director and advisor to various privately-held
June 2019.                                                                                                      companies, and serves as Executive Chairman
                                                       Nationality: Swiss
Skills and experience: From 2013 to 2016, Alfredo                                                               of Sechi & Sechi Properties Limited.
was President of the Latin Center Business Unit for                                                             Nationality: Canadian
The Coca-Cola Company. Before joining the Latin
Center, from September 2006 to December 2012,
Alfredo was Sparkling Beverages General Manager
for the Mexico Business Unit, where he was
responsible for leading the Franchise and Customer
& Commercial Leadership functions in the second
largest business unit of The Coca-Cola Company.
Alfredo joined The Coca-Cola Company in the
Central America and Caribbean Division in 1997
as District Manager for Guatemala and El Salvador.
From 1999 to 2003 he was appointed Southeast
Region Manager in the Brazil Division and from
2004 to 2006, he served as General Manager
of the Ecuador business, leading the turnaround
of the business under challenging circumstances.
Prior to joining The Coca-Cola Company, Alfredo
worked for two independent Coca-Cola bottlers
in Honduras and El Salvador over a 13 year period.
Alfredo holds a Bachelor’s degree in History and
an MBA from the University of Mississippi.




Board committees
     Audit and Risk Committee page 98
     Nomination Committee page 104
     Social Responsibility Committee page 106
     Remuneration Committee page 108
     Committee Chair
                                                                                        INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019               83
                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                         SSR

GOVERNANCE IN ACTION                                                                                                                     SI

Board meetings
The Board met six times during 2019. Board meetings took place over two days to allow the Board sufficient time
for deep-dives, reflection and candid discussion, and to take stock of the business environment and geographies
in which we operate. The structure and nature of these meetings also allows time for Directors to socialise, which
facilitates cordial relations and supports forthright discussion during Board meetings. Two of the meetings were
held by conference call.
The Directors have and are encouraged to have free and open contact with management at all levels, and have full
access to all relevant information. Board meetings are normally held over almost two days in Zug, Switzerland, with one
of the Board meetings every year being held in one of our countries so that the Board will have the opportunity to visit
the facilities and the respective markets in one of the 28 countries that make up our geographic footprint. In June 2019,
our Board meeting was held in Athens, Greece.
This allows Directors to gain a better understanding of regional differences in our business and the specifics of various
markets. At each Board meeting, the Board receives reports and in-depth presentations from line and functional
executives. The chairperson of each committee also reports to the Board on matters considered or decided in meetings
of the respective Board committees. The Board also frequently reviews the actual performance of the Group versus its
long-term strategy. In particular, the Board scrutinises the performance of the Chief Executive Officer, holding him and
his management team to account when reviewing the performance of the Group against the agreed business plan.




                                                Board1     Audit and Risk2    Remuneration       Nomination7     Social Responsibility
                                             Attended/         Attended/         Attended/         Attended/              Attended/
Director                                 Total meetings    Total meetings    Total meetings    Total meetings         Total meetings
Anastassis G. David                               6/6
Zoran Bogdanovic                                  6/6
Charlotte J. Boyle                                6/6                                 4/4               5/5
Ahmet C. Bozer3                                   3/3                                   –                 –
Olusola (Sola) David-Borha                        6/6               8/8                 –                 –
William W. (Bill) Douglas III                     6/6               8/8                 –                 –
Reto Francioni6                                   6/6                                 3/4               4/5
Anastasios I. Leventis                            6/6                                                                           4/4
Christo Leventis                                  6/6                                   –                 –
Alexandra Papalexopoulou                          6/6                                 4/4               5/5                     4/4
José Octavio Reyes                                6/6                                                                           4/4
Alfredo Rivera4                                   2/3
Ryan Rudolph                                      6/6                                    –                 –
John P. Sechi5                                    5/6               7/8
1. Includes two conference calls.
2. Includes four conference calls.
3. Ahmet Bozer retired from the Board at the Annual General Meeting on 18 June 2019.
4. Alfredo Rivera was appointed to the Board at the Annual General Meeting on 18 June 2019. He did not attend the August 2019 Board
   Conference Call due to a long-standing prior commitment.
5. John Sechi did not attend the June 2019 Audit and Risk Committee and Board meetings due to long-standing other commitments.
6. Reto Francioni did not attend the September 2019 Renumeration and Nomination Committee meetings due to long-standing
   other commitments.
7. Includes one conference call.
84   COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report


Board composition                                                        Anastassis G. David was appointed as Chairman on 27 January 2016.
                                                                         The Board firmly believes that Anastassis David embodies the
Membership of the Board                                                  Company’s core values, heritage and culture and that these attributes,
On 31 December 2019, our Board comprised 13 Directors: the               together with his strong identification with the Company and its
Chairman, one Senior Independent Director, 10 non-Executive              shareholders’ interests, and his deep knowledge and experience
Directors and one Executive Director. The biographies of each            of the Coca-Cola System, ensure an effective and appropriately
member of the Board are set out on pages 80 to 82.                       balanced leadership of the Board and the Company. Anastassis David
                                                                         was first appointed as a member of the Board in 2006 before being
The Operating Committee, described on pages 94-96, supports              appointed Chairman in 2016. Prior to his appointment as Chairman,
Zoran Bogdanovic in his role as Chief Executive Officer.                 major shareholders were consulted and an external search
The non-Executive Directors, of whom six (representing half of the       consultancy engaged to find suitable candidates. The consensus
members excluding the Chairman) are determined by the Board to be        and recommendation was that Anastassis David was the appropriate
independent, are experienced individuals from a range of backgrounds,    candidate to become Chairman and that he continues to be effective
countries and industries. The composition of the Board complies with     in his leadership of the Board. Anastassis David has the continuing
the UK Corporate Governance Code’s recommendation that at least          support of the Board and major shareholders to remain as Chairman.
half of the Board, excluding the Chairman, comprise independent
Directors. At the Annual General Meeting held on 18 June 2019            Shareholders’ nominees
Alfredo Rivera was appointed as a non-Executive Director and Ahmet       As described under the heading ‘Major shareholders’ on page 233,
Bozer retired as a non-Executive Director. There were no other           since the main listing of the Company on the Official List of the London
changes to the Board or committee membership during 2019.                Stock Exchange in 2013, Kar-Tess Holding, The Coca-Cola Company
                                                                         and their respective affiliates have no special rights in relation to the
Outside appointments                                                     appointment or re-election of nominee Directors, and those Directors
The Articles of Association of the Company (article 36) set out limits   of the Company who were originally nominated at the request of The
on the maximum number of external appointments that members of           Coca-Cola Company or Kar-Tess Holding will be required to stand for
our Board and executive management may hold. In addition, if a Board     re-election on an annual basis in the same way as the other Directors.
member wishes to take up an external appointment he or she must          The Nomination Committee is responsible for identifying and
obtain prior Board approval. The Board will assess all requests on a     recommending persons for subsequent nomination by the Board
case-by-case basis, including whether the appointment in question        for election as Directors by the shareholders on an annual basis.
could negatively impact the Company or the performance of the            As our Board currently comprises 13 Directors, neither Kar-Tess
Director’s duties to the Group.                                          Holding nor The Coca-Cola Company is in a position to control
The nature of the appointment and the expected time commitment           (positively or negatively) decisions of the Board that are subject to
are also assessed to ensure that the effectiveness of the Board would    simple majority approval. However, decisions of the Board that are
not be compromised.                                                      subject to the special quorum provisions and supermajority
                                                                         requirements contained in the Articles of Association, in practice,
Details of the external appointments of our non-Executive Directors
                                                                         require the support of Directors nominated at the request of at least
are contained in their respective biographies set out on pages 80-82.
                                                                         one of either The Coca-Cola Company or Kar-Tess Holding in order
Our Chairman serves on the International Board of Advisors of Tufts      to be approved. In addition, based on their current shareholdings,
University. He serves as vice-chairman of Aegean Airlines S.A. and       neither Kar-Tess Holding nor The Coca-Cola Company is in a position
vice-chairman of the Cyprus Union of Shipowners. He is also a member     to control a decision of the shareholders (positively or negatively),
of the Board of Trustees of College Year in Athens. In this context,     except to block a resolution to wind up or dissolve the Company or
the Board considers that fewer than four of the positions held by the    to amend the supermajority voting requirements. The latter requires
Chairman are considered to be significant.                               the approval of 80% of shareholders where all shareholders are
Having considered the scope of the external appointments of all          represented and voting. Depending on the attendance levels at
Directors, including the Chairman, our Board is satisfied that they      Annual General Meetings, Kar-Tess Holding or The Coca-Cola
do not compromise the effectiveness of the Board as each Director        Company may also be in a position to control other matters requiring
has sufficient time to devote to his or her role on the Board as the     supermajority shareholder approval.
Board requires.                                                          Anastassis G. David, Anastasios I. Leventis, Christo Leventis and
                                                                         Ryan Rudolph were all originally appointed at the request of Kar-Tess
Independence                                                             Holding. José Octavio Reyes and Alfredo Rivera have been appointed
Our Board has concluded that Charlotte J. Boyle, Olusola (Sola)          at the request of The Coca-Cola Company.
David-Borha, William W. (Bill) Douglas III, Reto Francioni, Alexandra
Papalexopoulou and John P. Sechi are deemed to be independent in         Separation of roles
accordance with the criteria set out in the UK Corporate Governance      There is a clear separation of the roles of the Chairman and the Chief
Code, with such individuals being independent in both character          Executive Officer. The Chairman is responsible for the operation of
and judgement.                                                           the Board and for ensuring that all Directors are properly informed and
The other non-Executive Directors, Anastassis G. David (Chairman),       consulted on all relevant matters. The Chairman, in the context of the
Anastasios I. Leventis, Christo Leventis, José Octavio Reyes,            Board meetings and as a matter of practice, meets also separately
Alfredo Rivera and Ryan Rudolph, were appointed at the request of        with the non-Executive Directors without the presence of the Chief
shareholders of the Company: Kar-Tess Holding and The Coca-Cola          Executive Officer and promotes the culture of openness and debate
Company. They are therefore not considered, by the Board, to be          within the Board sessions as well as outside.
independent as defined by the UK Corporate Governance Code.
                                                                                                                          INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019             85
                                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                                         SSR

The Chairman is also actively involved in the work of the Nomination Committee concerning succession planning and the selection of key                                   SI
people. The Chief Executive Officer, Zoran Bogdanovic, is responsible for the day-to-day management and performance of the Company
and for the implementation of the strategy approved by the Board.


                                                               Key roles and responsibilities
 Board of Directors
 Our Board has ultimate responsibility for our long-term success and for delivering sustainable shareholder value as well as contributing to wider society.
 The Board is responsible for setting the Company’s purpose, values and strategy and ensures the alignment with its culture; this includes ensuring that
 workforce policies and practices are consistent with the Company’s values and support its long-term sustainable vision. Further details are set out on page 86.
 This is achieved by approving the corporate strategy, monitoring performance toward strategic objectives, overseeing implementation of the strategy by the
 Operating Committee and approving matters reserved by the Articles of Association for decision by the Board. Specific tasks are delegated by the Board to its
 committees for audit and risk, nomination, remuneration and social responsibility.
 The governance process of the Board is set out in our Articles of Association and the Organisational Regulations. These regulations define the role and
 responsibilities of the Board and its committees, and can be found at https://coca-colahellenic.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/corporate-
 governance-overview/. In addition, the Swiss Ordinance against Excessive Compensation in Listed Companies imposes certain obligations on the Board,
 including a requirement to prepare and make available a remuneration report pursuant to Swiss law.


 Chairman                         Chief Executive                  Senior Independent                Non-Executive                    Company Secretary
 • leads the Board, sets          Officer                          Director                          Directors                        • ensures that correct
   the agenda and                 • leads the business,            • acts as a sounding board        • contribute to developing         Board procedures are
   promotes a culture of            implements strategy              for the Chairman and              Group strategy;                  followed and ensures the
   openness and debate;             and chairs the Operating         appraises his                   • scrutinise and                   Board has full and timely
 • is responsible for overall       Committee; and                   performance;                      constructively challenge         access to all relevant
   effectiveness in leading       • communicates with the          • leads the independent             the performance of               information;
   the Company and setting          Board, shareholders,             non-Executive Directors           management in the              • facilitates induction and
   the culture;                     employees, government            on matters that benefit           execution of the Group’s         training programmes,
 • ensures the highest              authorities, other               from an independent               strategy; and                    and assists with the
   standards of corporate           stakeholders and                 review; and                     • oversee succession               Board’s professional
   governance;                      the public.                    • is available to                   planning, including the          development
 • is the main point of                                              shareholders if they have         appointment of                   requirements; and
   contact between the                                               concerns which have not           Executive Directors.           • advises the Board on
   Board and management;                                             been resolved through                                              governance matters.
   and                                                               the normal channels of
 • ensures effective                                                 communication.
   communication with
   shareholders and
   stakeholders.


 Board committees
 Our Board has delegated specific tasks to its committees as set out in the Organisational Regulations and reports from these committees are set out in
 this Corporate Governance Report. Biographies of the Chairs of the Board committees and the other members of the Board, the Audit and Risk Committee,
 the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Social Responsibility Committee are set out on pages 80-82.


 Audit and Risk Committee                 Remuneration Committee                    Nomination Committee                      Social Responsibility
                                                                                                                              Committee
 Responsibilities                         Responsibilities                          Responsibilities
 • Oversight of the accounting            • Establishment of the                    • Identification and nomination           Responsibilities
   policies, financial reporting and        remuneration strategy for the             of new Board members, including         • Supports the Board in its
   disclosure controls; the Group’s         Group; determines and agrees              recommending Directors to                 responsibilities to safeguard
   approach to internal controls and        with the Board the remuneration           be members of each Board                  the Group’s reputation for
   risk management; and the quality,        of Group Executives and                   Committee                                 responsible and sustainable
   adequacy and scope of internal           approves remuneration for               • Ensuring adequate Board training;         operations.
   and external audit functions.            the Chairman and the Chief                supporting the Board and each           • Oversight of the Group’s
 • Oversight of the Company’s               Executive Officer.                        committee in conducting a                 engagement with stakeholders
   compliance with legal, regulatory      • Makes recommendations to the              self-assessment;                          to assess their expectations,
   and financial reporting                  Board regarding remuneration            • Oversight of the establishment            and the possible consequences
   requirements, and the work               matters to be approved at the             of a talent development                   of these expectations for
   programme of the internal audit          Annual General Meeting.                   framework for the Group.                  the Group.
   function.                              • Implementation or modification          • Oversees effective succession           • Establishes principles governing
 • External auditor reports directly        of any employee benefit plan              planning for the Chief Executive          social and environmental
   to the Committee.                        resulting in an increased annual          Officer, in consultation with the         management, and oversees
                                            cost of €5 million or more.               Chairman, and for the Operating           development of performance
                                                                                      Committee, in consultation with           management to achieve social
                                                                                      the Chief Executive Officer.              and environmental goals.


 Operating Committee
 The Operating Committee, led by the Chief Executive Officer, meets 12 times each year and provides the Group with executive leadership. The Committee
 has responsibility for: the development of long-term strategies and the implementation of strategies approved by the Board; providing adequate head-office
 support for each of the Group’s countries; working closely with the country General Managers, as set out in our operating framework; and the setting of annual
 targets and approval of annual business plans which form the basis of the Group’s performance management.
86   COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued


Summary of key Board activities for 2019 and priorities for 2020
 Topic                2019 activity                                          2020 priority

 Strategy             • Working towards the 2025 sustainability              • Monitoring progress towards our 2025 Growth Story
                        targets Close collaboration and alignment with       • Ongoing support on product innovation and new
                        The Coca‑Cola Company                                  product and package launches
                      • Monitoring of potential acquisition opportunities    • Continued close alignment with The Coca-Cola
                      • Approving the Group’s 2025 Growth Story                Company
                        and strategy                                         • Monitoring progress towards our 2025 sustainability
                      • Continuous support of new product and                  commitments
                        package launches

 Performance          • Regular business overviews and monitoring progress   • Regular performance reviews with focus on Group’s
                        towards the Group’s long-term growth targets           key business indicators
                      • Periodic reviews of specific markets, regions        • Deep dive reviews of regions and key functions
                        and functions                                        • Review of the performance of the Company’s
                      • Reviewing the macroeconomic outlook, commodities       innovation initiatives
                        hedging and currency trends

 Risk management • Ongoing overview of the principal and emerging            • Continued review of emerging principal risks and
 and internal      risks with focus on cyber-security                          mitigation programmes
 control         • Ongoing reviews of mitigation plans for commodities       • Reviewing mitigation plans for currency and
                        and currency volatility                                commodities volatility
                                                                             • Reviewing information technology plans, including
                                                                               cyber-security

 Operational          • Detailed review and approval of capex investments    • Ongoing review of the Group’s cost optimisation and
                      • Review of the Company’s cost optimisation plans        investment programmes
                      • Consolidation of new acquisitions (Bambi)            • Consolidation of new acquisitions
                      • Contingency plans for hard Brexit                    • Review of material capital expenditure projects

 Culture and values • Reviewing the results of the Company’s                • Monitoring the engagement surveys and
                        engagement actions                                    people plans
                      • Discussing talent and people capability plans       • Continuing working with the designated
                      • Appointment of designated non-Executive Director for non‑Executive Director on issues that are
                        employee engagement                                   identified through the employee engagement

 Succession           • Ongoing succession planning work and preparing       • Reviewing the succession planning work for Board
 planning and           succession planning and bench strength initiatives     and senior management
 diversity              for senior management and Board vacancies            • Reviewing the Company’s talent development plans
                      • Discussed Board effectiveness
                                                                                                             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        87
                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                       SSR

General qualifications required of all Directors                                                                                                       SI
Coca-Cola HBC’s Board Nomination Policy requires that each Director is recognised as a person of the highest integrity and standing, both
personally and professionally. Each Director must be ready to devote the time necessary to fulfil his or her responsibilities to the Company
according to the terms and conditions of his or her letter of appointment. Each Director should have demonstrable experience, skills and
knowledge which enhance Board effectiveness and will complement those of the other members of the Board to ensure an overall balance of
experience, skills and knowledge on the Board. In addition, each Director must demonstrate familiarity with and respect for good corporate
governance practices, sustainability and responsible approaches to social issues.


 Business characteristics                                              Qualifications, skills and experience                     Directors

         Our business is extensive and involves complex financial      Experience in finance, investments and accounting                     12
         transactions in the various jurisdictions where we operate

         Our business is truly international with operations in 28     Broad international exposure, and emerging and                        12
         countries, at different stages of development, on three       developing markets experience
         continents

         Our business involves the preparation, packaging, sale        Extensive knowledge of our business and the fast-                      6
         and distribution of the world’s leading non-alcoholic         moving consumer goods industry, as well as experience
         beverage brands                                               with manufacturing, route to market and customer
                                                                       relationships

         Our Board’s responsibilities include the understanding and    Risk oversight and management expertise                               12
         oversight of the key risks we are facing, establishing our
         risk appetite and ensuring that appropriate policies and
         procedures are in place to effectively manage and
         mitigate risks

         Building community trust through the responsible and          Expertise in sustainability and experience in community                7
         sustainable management of our business is an                  engagement
         indispensable part of our culture

         Our business involves compliance with many different          Expertise in corporate governance and/or government                    6
         regulatory and corporate governance requirements              relations
         across a number of countries, as well as relationships with
         national governments and local authorities



Diversity, tenure and experience of the Board
Board gender diversity                           Board tenure                                     Board experience
                                   Men: 10
                                                 0-1 years                                   1    Finance, investments
                                                                                                                                         12
                                   Women: 3                                                       and accounting
                                                 1-2 years                                   1
                                                                                                  International exposure                 12
                                                 2-3 years                                   1
                                                                                                  FMCG knowledge/
                                                                                                                                 6
                                                 3-4 years                                   3    experience
                                                                                                  Risk oversight
                                                 4-5 years                                   2    and management
                                                                                                                                         12

                                                 5-6 years                                   4    Sustainability and
                                                                                                                                     7
                                                                                                  community engagement
                                                 12-13 years                                 1
                                                                                                  Corporate governance           6
88     COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued


Board, committee and Director performance                                 Lintstock report
evaluation
At least annually, on the basis of an assessment conducted by the            In 2019, we once again engaged advisory firm Lintstock to facilitate
Nomination Committee, the Board reviews its own performance as               an evaluation of the performance of the Board. Lintstock specialises
                                                                             in Board performance reviews and has no other connection with
well as the performance of each of the Board committees. This review         Coca-Cola HBC.
seeks to determine whether the Board and its committees function
effectively and efficiently. During the year, the Chairman meets with
the Directors to receive feedback on the functioning of the Board and
its committees, the boardroom dynamics, and the Group’s strategy.            Process
Particular focus is given to areas where a Director believes the             The first stage of the review involved Lintstock engaging with the
                                                                             Company Secretary to set the context for the evaluation, and to tailor
performance of the Board and its committees could be improved.               survey content to the specific circumstances of Coca-Cola HBC.
A report is prepared for the Board on its effectiveness and that             The surveys were designed to follow up on, and further explore, key
of its committees.                                                           themes identified in last year’s evaluation, so that year-on-year
                                                                             progress can be tracked. The anonymous online surveys permitted
For the past four years, the evaluation of the Board’s effectiveness         detailed narrative feedback.
has been facilitated by Lintstock, and details of the 2019 Lintstock         The surveys addressed core aspects of the Board’s performance,
Report are set out below. A summary of the Board evaluation findings         and had a particular focus on the following areas:
for 2018, the actions taken in response to improve Board                     • The appropriateness of the Board’s composition, including the skills
effectiveness in 2019, the Board evaluation findings for 2019, and             represented and the level of diversity among members.
the resulting priorities for 2020 is as follows:                             • The Board’s understanding of the views of key stakeholders (including
                                                                               shareholders, customers, employees and suppliers) and monitoring
2018 Board evaluation findings   2019 actions
                                                                               of the Company’s culture and values.
• Focus on strategy       • Continued development of our 24/7                • The dynamics between Board members, and between the Board
• Continue to engage        Total Beverage Company strategy                    and the Operating Committee, as well as the atmosphere in the
  with key stakeholders   • Maintaining relationships with key                 boardroom.
• Keep abreast of relevant stakeholders                                      • The management and focus of meetings, including the extent to
                                                                               which the Board’s agendas manage to strike the correct balance
  technological           • Focusing on digital and technological              between strategic and operational issues.
  developments              developments that will support the               • The flow of information to the Board with regard to potential
                            business                                           acquisition opportunities, and the Board’s performance in reviewing
2019 Board evaluation findings   2020 priorities                               the effectiveness of past decisions.
                                                                             • The Board’s oversight of the implementation of the Company’s
• Focus on strategy       • Monitoring the development of our
                                                                               strategy, as well as the capacity of the organisation to deliver the
• Broaden exposure to       2025 Growth Strategy                               strategy.
  colleagues throughout • Continued alignment with key                       • The Board’s understanding of the competitive landscape and relevant
  the Company               stakeholders                                       technological developments, in terms of the opportunities and threats
                                                                               they represent for the business.
• Continued focus on risk • Enhance exposure to colleagues
                                                                             • The appropriateness of the structure of the Company at senior levels,
  oversight                 throughout the organisation                        in terms of delivering the strategic plan, and the Board’s oversight
                                                                               of talent and succession.
The independent Directors meet separately at every regular Board
                                                                             All Board members were requested to complete online surveys on
meeting to discuss a variety of issues, including the effectiveness          the performance of the Board, its committees and the Chairman.
of the Board. An evaluation of each Director, other than the Chairman,       The performance of the committees of the Board was also evaluated,
is conducted by the Chairman and the Senior Independent Director.            as was the performance of the Chairman. The anonymity of all
                                                                             responses was guaranteed throughout the process to promote open,
The Senior Independent Director leads the evaluation of the Chairman
                                                                             detailed and honest feedback.
in conjunction with the non-Executive Directors, taking into account
the views of the Chief Executive Officer, and, as a matter of practice,
meets with the other independent non-Executive Directors when                Lintstock subsequently analysed the results and delivered reports
each Board meeting is held to discuss issues together, without the           on the performance of the Board, the committees and the Chairman,
                                                                             which were considered at a subsequent Board meeting.
Chief Executive Officer or other non-Executive Directors present.


                                                                          The results of the review were positive overall, and there was consensus
                                                                          among members that the Board’s performance continues to improve.
                                                                          A continued focus on strategy was prioritised, as was gaining exposure
                                                                          to colleagues throughout the organisation, as part of the Board’s
                                                                          oversight of talent and succession.
                                                                                                                    INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        89
                                                                                                                                                              SR

                                                                                                                                                              CG

                                                                                                                                                              FS

                                                                                                                                                              SSR

Information and training                                                        In making such recommendations, the Nomination Committee                      SI
The practices and procedures adopted by our Board ensure that                   and the Board must consider objective criteria including the overall
the Directors are supplied on a timely basis with comprehensive                 balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the
information on the business development and financial position of the           Board member, as well as diversity considerations including gender
Company, the form and content of which is expected to enable the                but also social and ethnic backgrounds. Consideration is also given to
Directors to discharge their duties and carry out their responsibilities.       the overall length of service of the Board as a whole when refreshing
All Directors have access to our General Counsel, as well as                    its membership. See the Nomination Committee report on page
independent professional advice at the expense of the Company.                  104 for further information on the role and work of the Nomination
All Directors have full access to the Chief Executive Officer and senior        Committee, including the Board Diversity Policy. Through this
management, as well as the external auditor and internal audit team.            process, the Board is satisfied that the Board and its committees
                                                                                have the appropriate balance of experience and skills, diversity,
The Board has in place an induction programme for new Directors.                independence and knowledge of the Company to enable them to
Generally, it involves meeting with the Chairman, members of the                discharge their duties and responsibilities effectively, including
Operating Committee and other senior executives, as well as                     sufficient time commitment.
receiving orientation training in relation to the Group and its corporate
governance practices. The induction programme also includes                     Conflicts of interest
meetings with representatives of our sales force, customers and
                                                                                In accordance with the Organisational Regulations, Directors are
major shareholders, and visits to our production plants. Alfredo Rivera
                                                                                required to arrange their personal and business affairs so as to avoid
participated in the induction programme during 2019 as part of his
                                                                                a conflict of interest with the Group.
onboarding process.
                                                                                Each Director must disclose to the Chairman the nature and extent
All Directors are given the opportunity to attend training to ensure
                                                                                of any conflict of interest arising generally or in relation to any matter
that they are kept up to date on relevant legal, accounting and
                                                                                to be discussed at a Board meeting, as soon as the Director becomes
corporate governance developments. The Directors individually
                                                                                aware of its existence. In the event that the Chairman becomes aware
attend seminars, forums, conferences and working groups on
                                                                                of a Director’s conflict of interest, the Chairman is required to contact
relevant topics. The Nomination Committee reviews our Director
                                                                                that Director promptly and discuss with him or her the nature
training activities regularly. Finally, as part of the continuing development
                                                                                and extent of such a conflict of interest. Subject to exceptional
of the Directors, the Company Secretary ensures that our Board
                                                                                circumstances in which the best interests of the Company dictate
is kept up to date with key corporate governance developments.
                                                                                otherwise, the Director affected by a conflict of interest is not
The Board appoints the Company Secretary, who acts as secretary
                                                                                permitted to participate in discussions and decision-making involving
to the Board.
                                                                                the interest at stake.
Board appointments and succession planning
Our Board has in place plans to ensure the progressive renewal of the
Board and appropriate succession planning for senior management.
Appointments and succession plans are based on merit and objective
criteria to ensure the Company is promoting diversity (including gender),
social and ethnic backgrounds, cognitive and personal strengths.
Pursuant to our Articles of Association, the Board consists of a
minimum of seven and a maximum of 15 members, and the Directors
are elected annually for a term of one year by the Company’s
shareholders. All Directors are subject to annual re-election by
shareholders, in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance
Code. In case of resignation or death of any member of the Board,
the Board may elect a permanent guest, whom the Board will propose
for election by the shareholders at the next Annual General Meeting.
In accordance with the Organisational Regulations, the Board
proposes for election at the shareholders’ meeting new Directors
who have been recommended by the Nomination Committee after
consultation with the Chairman.
90   COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued




STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT


Board engagement with key stakeholders
Engagement with key stakeholder groups
strengthens our relationships and is an        Description              How the Board is kept informed                           Read more
ongoing part of the operational management     Our people               Reviewing and developing plans that promote an
of the Group. This includes employee                                                                                                Pages 38
                                                                        inclusive growth culture and investing in building the
surveys, assessments of customer                                        best teams in the industry. Designated non-
satisfaction and ongoing conversations                                  Executive Director for engagement with our people.
with regulators and non-governmental           Our communities          Plant visits, community meetings, partnerships on
                                                                                                                                    Pages 42
organisations. The Board receives regular                               common issues, sponsorship activities, lectures at
updates from senior management on                                       universities, training opportunities and support to
                                                                        young people currently not in education, training or
insights and feedback from stakeholders,                                employment.
which allows the Board to understand and
                                               Our consumers            Consumer hotlines, local websites, plant tours,
consider the perspectives of key                                        research, surveys, focus groups.
                                                                                                                                    Pages 26
stakeholders in decision-making.
Our employees are one of our most
important stakeholder groups and the Board     Our customers            Regular visits, dedicated account teams, joint
                                                                                                                                    Pages 30
therefore understands the importance of                                 business planning, joint value-creation initiatives,
                                                                        customer care centres, customer satisfaction
engaging with its workforce.                                            surveys.
The Board closely monitors and reviews the
                                               Partners in efficiency   Engagement with our suppliers, consultants and
results of the Company’s annual Employee                                counterparts in related industries.
                                                                                                                                    Pages 34
Engagement, Values and Ambassadorship
surveys. In 2019, to assist the Board in its
communications between the Board and the
                                               NGOs                     Dialogue, policy work, partnerships on common
workforce, Charlotte Boyle (non-Executive                                                                                           Pages 54
                                                                        issues, membership of business and industry
Director) was appointed to help with the                                associations.
engagement to enable employees to share
ideas and concerns with senior management      Shareholders             Annual General Meetings, investor roadshows and
                                                                                                                                    Pages 92
and the Board.                                                          results briefings, webcasts, ongoing dialogue with
                                                                        analysts and investors.
The Board likewise closely monitors the
Company’s annual customer survey, which
we commission to assess the satisfaction       Governments              Recycling and recovery initiatives, EU Platform for
                                                                                                                                    Pages 42
                                                                        Action on Diet, Physical Activity and Health, foreign
of more than 15,000 customers. For more                                 investment advisory councils, chambers of
information about these surveys, see the                                commerce.
People and Customer sections on pages
                                               The Coca-Cola Company Day-to-day interaction as business partners, joint
38 and 30, respectively.                                             projects, joint business planning, functional groups
                                                                                                                                    Pages 16

We also work with our customers, consumers,                          on strategic issues, ‘top-to-top’ senior management
                                                                     meetings.
suppliers, local community representatives
and other business partners across the value
chain every day. The infographic below sets
out the different stakeholders with whom we
engage, which in turn is reported on to the
Board. Examples of governance in action are
on page 91.
                                                                                                         INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019          91
                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                     SSR

                                                                                                                                                     SI
Workforce engagement statement                                           Wider stakeholder engagement statement
The Company’s success largely depends on the passion of our              Effective engagement with key stakeholder groups
people and our ability to attract, retain and develop the best           strengthens our relationships and ensures the right operational
talent. The Board therefore closely monitors and reviews the             management of the Group. This engagement includes surveys
results of the Company’s annual Employee Engagement                      of employees and customers and ongoing conversations with
survey. We engage with our workforce to ensure that we are               regulators and non-governmental organisations. As part of
supporting a healthy working environment and making                      day-to-day operations, we also work on a regular basis with our
appropriate business decisions. In addition, the Board reviews           customers, consumers, suppliers, local community
talent development initiatives designed to support long-term             representatives and other business partners across the value
success. For further details please see below and growth pillar 4.       chain. Their input, cooperation and trust factors in to Board
                                                                         decision-making and the success of the business.




GOVERNANCE IN ACTION                                                     GOVERNANCE IN ACTION

Employee engagement                                                      Considering stakeholders
                                                                         in decision‑making
How the Board was involved in new
employee initiatives                                                     Issues the Board considered – Acquisition of Bambi
During 2019, several Directors were involved in the                      During the Board’s consideration of the acquisition of Bambi
introduction of the Group’s new Performance for Growth                   in Serbia, important factors included Bambi’s reputation, its
programme. Based on continual feedback, this performance                 iconic complementary consumer brands and its distribution
management approach is designed to accelerate growth,                    strengths. The Bambi acquisition fits perfectly also within the
drive business impact and simplify processes. The Board                  Group’s strategy as it is a supplementary category which
also endorsed the employer branding strategy and employee                helps us in leveraging our unique 24/7 portfolio. Apart from
value proposition for 2020. These initiatives have been                  financial benefits and revenue synergies, the Board’s decision
communicated to employees through social media, our                      weighed the relevance with customers, our aim to win in
corporate websites and a series of webinars, and build on                the marketplace, the potential for an increased presence
ongoing employer branding efforts that were recognised                   in key consumption occasions and expanding our
in 2019 with 60 awards.                                                  opportunities to delight consumers.




                      Workforce engagement mechanism
                      During the year, the Board appointed Charlotte Boyle      Charlotte also met with our Group Employee Relations
                      as the designated non-Executive Director for workforce    Director, who has responsibility for diversity and inclusion,
                      engagement, in line with UK Corporate Governance          to better understand the steps that the Company is
                      Code recommendations. The two-day annual meeting          taking to become more diverse and inclusive (see page 39)
                      of our European Works Council in September 2019           for activities in this area). To embed these attributes
                      gave Charlotte an opportunity to meet with elected        within the Company’s culture, a communications
                      employee representatives from our businesses in           campaign and training have been launched to increase
                      EU countries. This meeting allows employee                awareness and understanding. The Company is also
                      representatives to hear from senior leaders – including   promoting employee affinity groups, such as women’s
                      the CEO – about significant matters affecting the         networks. The Board takes the lead by recognising good
                      workforce, and to ask questions and give feedback.        practices and driving accountability.
                      Charlotte was able to hear from employee                  Charlotte reported back to the Board on her observations
                      representatives about topics raised by employees          and matters raised by employees, ensuring Board
                      and their experience of the Company’s approach to         deliberations and decision-making are fully informed.
                      the workforce.
92   COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued


Shareholder engagement
The Chairman, the Senior Independent Director and the Chair of
the Audit and Risk Committee will be available at the Annual General
Meeting of the Company to answer questions from shareholders.
The Board encourages shareholders to attend as it provides
an opportunity to engage with the Board.
Pursuant to Swiss law and the Articles of Association, shareholders
annually elect an independent proxy and we have adopted an
electronic proxy voting system for our Annual General Meetings.
The Company has a dedicated investor relations function which
reports to the Chief Financial Officer. Through the investor relations
team, the Company and Board maintain a dialogue with institutional
investors and financial analysts on operational financial performance
and strategic direction items. We engaged with the investment
community and our shareholders throughout the year, as outlined
in the diagram below, demonstrating our commitment to being
accessible and transparent. The feedback from shareholders has
been regularly considered by the Board and, where necessary,
appropriate action to further engage with shareholders was taken.




 Key investor relations activities in 2019



                                                                                                             June
                                                                                                             • Capital Markets Day
                                                                                                               in London
                                           March                                                             • Annual General Meeting
                                           • Credit Suisse Consumer/                                           in Zug
                                             Retail Conference                                               • Deutsche Bank Access
                                             in London                                                         Global Consumer
         February                          • Societe Generale                                                  conference in Paris
         • IR roadshows in                   Consumer Staples                                                • Exane BNP Paribas 21st
           Edinburgh and London              Conference in London             April                            European CEO
         • IR roadshow in Paris            • IR roadshow in London            • IR roadshow in the US          Conference in Paris




                                     September
                                     • Barclays Global
                                       Consumer Staples                  November
                                       Conference in Boston              • Roadshows in Edinburgh,
                                     • Greek institutional                 London and New York
                                       investor breakfast                • Roadshow in the US
                                       in Athens
                                                                         • IR Berenberg West Coast
                                     • IR roadshow in Paris                Consumer &
                                     • IR roadshow in Frankfurt            E-Commerce
                                     • IR roadshow in Zurich               Conference in San            December
                                     • Exane BNP – IR Insight              Francisco                    • Citi’s Global Consumer
                                       Day Milan                         • IR roadshow in London          Conference in London
                                                                                                        INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   93
                                                                                                                                             SR

                                                                                                                                             CG

                                                                                                                                             FS

                                                                                                                                             SSR

GOVERNANCE IN ACTION                                                                                                                         SI


Board oversight of Growth Story 2025
How the Board was involved in the development of Growth Story 2025



              LEVERAGE OUR UNIQUE 24/7 PORTFOLIO
      1       The Board reviewed the Group’s performance in the different beverage categories
              as well as the strategy behind categories with specific focus. Beyond the core
              sparkling category, this includes new and fast-growing categories such as energy,
              plant-based beverages and coffee.




              WIN IN THE MARKETPLACE
      2       Management presented to the Board the Group’s plans to create joint value with
              customers. This includes projects to further develop commercial capabilities and
              initiatives for in-store execution, as well as findings from customer satisfaction
              surveys. To address evolving consumer needs, the Board also approved continued
              investments in coolers and technology to support online shopping experiences.




              FUEL GROWTH THROUGH
      3       COMPETITIVENESS AND INVESTMENT
              The Board approved plans to increase the Group’s production capacity and investments
              in technology to enhance productivity. In line with the Company’s sustainability objectives,
              the Board endorsed the Group’s elimination of plastic film from can multi-packs and continued
              light-weighting of plastic packaging. These efforts reduce the Company’s resin costs while
              supporting achievement of sustainability targets.




              CULTIVATE THE POTENTIAL OF OUR PEOPLE
      4       In 2019 the Board discussed, reviewed or approved the most important people
              development initiatives of the Group. This included a deep dive into the employee
              engagement score, the launch of the new people-powered performance evaluation
              system and updated Growth Mindset Values to support Growth Story 2025.




              EARN OUR LICENCE TO OPERATE
      5       The Board approved a plan to introduce 100% recycled PET packaging for four water
              brands. The Board also reviewed the plans to source 100% of our electricity needs
              from renewable and clean sources in the EU and Switzerland by 2025. In many of these
              markets, including Austria, Italy and Romania, the Group has already achieved this
              target, using only renewable and clean electricity sourced from the grid in our plants.
94   COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued



The Operating Committee
represents the executive
leadership of the Company

The Operating Committee is chaired by                                   Naya Kalogeraki
Zoran Bogdanovic, Chief Executive Officer,                              (50) Group Chief Customer and Commercial Officer
and his biography is set out on page 80.                                Senior management tenure: Appointed July 2016 (3 years)
Other members of the Operating Committee:
                                                                        Previous Group roles: Director of Strategy, CEO office. From 1998,
                                                                        when Naya joined the Company, she built her career assuming roles
Michalis Imellos                                                        of increased scale and scope, including Marketing Director, Trade
(51) Group Chief Financial Officer                                      Marketing Director, Sales Director and Country Commercial Director,
                                                                        Greece. She has been heavily involved in Group strategic projects
Senior management tenure: Appointed April 2012 (7 years)
                                                                        and task forces addressing mission-critical business imperatives.
Previous Group roles: Region Finance Director responsible for           In September 2013, Naya was appointed to the role of General
Nigeria, Romania, Moldova, Bulgaria, Greece, Cyprus, Serbia and         Manager, Greece and Cyprus.
Montenegro; General Manager, Romania and Moldova.
                                                                        Previous relevant experience: Naya joined the Company in 1998
Previous relevant experience: Michalis held a number of finance         from The Coca-Cola Company where she held a number of marketing
positions in the UK-based European headquarters of Xerox, including     positions up to Marketing Manager.
those of European Mergers & Acquisitions Director and Finance
                                                                        Nationality: Greek
Director of the Office Europe Division. He managed the financial, tax
and legal aspects of Xerox’s sponsorship of the Athens 2004 Olympic
Games, as well as the finance function of the company’s operations
in Greece. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
in England and Wales, and started his career at Ernst & Young.
Nationality: Greek
                                                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       95
                                                                                                                                                            SR

                                                                                                                                                            CG

                                                                                                                                                            FS

                                                                                                                                                            SSR

                                                                                                                                                            SI




Minas Angelidis                                                                Marcel Martin
(50) Region Director: Austria, Belarus, Czech Republic, Estonia,               (61) Group Supply Chain Director
Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Island of Ireland, Slovakia                Senior management tenure: Appointed January 2015 (5 years)
and Switzerland
                                                                               Previous Group roles: Marcel joined the Group in 1993, holding
Senior management tenure: Appointed April 2019
                                                                               positions with increasing responsibility in the supply chain and
Previous Group roles: Minas joined the Group in 1999 holding                   commercial functions. Since 1995, he has held general management
positions with increasing responsibility in the commercial function            assignments in several of our markets, including as General Manager
in Greece (National Account Manager, Athens Region Sales Manager,              for Eastern Romania, Regional Manager Russia, Country General
National Wholesale Manager, Country Sales Director). Since 2008,               Manager Ukraine and General Manager Nigeria. He became General
Minas has held general management assignments in a number of                   Manager of our Irish operations in 2010 and is now our Group Supply
our markets, including those of Country General Manager Cyprus,                Chain Director.
Country General Manager Bulgaria and Country General
                                                                               Nationality: Romanian
Manager Hungary.
Previous relevant experience: Prior to joining the Group, Minas
spent seven years in Unilever Greece in managerial positions in sales
and marketing including those of Brand Manager, Trade Marketing
Manager and National Account Manager.
Nationality: Greek




                                               From left to right

                                               Row one
                                               Michalis Imellos, Zoran Bogdanovic, Naya Kalogeraki, Jan Gustavsson, Sanda Parezanovic, Mourad Ajarti

                                               Row two
                                               Marcel Martin, Minas Angelidis, Sean O’Neill, Nikos Kalaitzidakis
96   COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued


Jan Gustavsson                                                              Mourad Ajarti
(54) General Counsel, Company Secretary and Director                        (43) Chief Information Officer
of Strategic Development                                                    Senior management tenure: Appointed October 2019
Senior management tenure: Appointed August 2001 (18 years)
                                                                            Previous Group roles: None.
Previous Group roles: Jan served as Deputy General Counsel for
                                                                            Previous relevant experience: Mourad holds an MSc in Computer
Coca‑Cola Beverages plc from 1999-2001.
                                                                            Systems Networking & Tele-communications from L’École
Previous relevant experience: Jan started his career in 1993 with           Mohammadia d’Ingénieurs. He has 20 years’ experience with two
the law firm White & Case in Stockholm, Sweden. In 1995, he joined          fast moving consumer goods industry leaders, Procter & Gamble
The Coca‑Cola Company as Assistant Division Counsel in the Nordic           and L’Oréal. Mourad started with Procter & Gamble leading SAP
and Northern Eurasia Division. From 1997 to 1999, Jan was Senior            implementation in Morocco, Saudi Arabia and Europe, and later was
Associate in White & Case’s New York office, practicing securities          CIO for different lines of business. From 2014 to 2019, Mourad was
law and M&A.                                                                CIO for the Asia and Pacific region for L’Oréal, leading consumer
Nationality: Swedish                                                        and customer journey transformation and enabling the use of big
                                                                            data and advanced analytics.
Sanda Parezanovic                                                           Nationality: British

(55) Group Human Resources Director
                                                                            Sean O’Neill
Senior management tenure: Appointed June 2015 (4 years)
                                                                            (55) Group Public Affairs and Communication Director
Previous Group roles: Sanda’s previous roles in the Group include:
Public Affairs & Communications Manager, Serbia and Montenegro              Senior management tenure: Appointed January 2019 (1 year)
from 2003 to 2006; Country Human Resources and Public Affairs               Previous Group roles: None.
& Communications Manager, Serbia and Montenegro from 2006 to
                                                                            Previous relevant experience: Sean joined Coca-Cola HBC in
2010; and Region Human Resources Director Bosnia & Herzegovina,
                                                                            January 2019 as Group Public Affairs and Communication Director.
Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Greece, Northern Ireland, the Republic of
                                                                            His previous roles include 12 years as Chief Corporate Relations
Ireland, North Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Nigeria, Romania,
                                                                            Officer for Heineken NV in the Netherlands, where he was a member
Serbia and Slovenia from 2010 to 2015.
                                                                            of the company’s global executive committee with responsibility
 Previous relevant experience: Sanda started in 1989 as Market              for public and government affairs, sustainability, communication
Researcher and later Strategic Planner working for various local            and consumer public relations. Prior to that, Sean held senior
research and marketing agencies in SFR Yugoslavia. She joined               international corporate affairs leadership roles with Diageo and
Saatchi & Saatchi Balkans in 1994, holding various senior management        Guinness. This followed a variety of international management roles
positions in several Balkan countries, including Managing Director          in the UK, Russia, Egypt and Australia with the communication
of two start-up agencies, first in North Macedonia and later in Serbia.     and corporate affairs consultancy, Burson-Marsteller. Sean is
In 1999 she relocated to London, where she worked for Saatchi               an ex-Chairman of ICAP, the drinks industry’s main international
& Saatchi and Marketing Drive on a number of pan‑European and               organisation, a former adviser to the Russian and Egyptian
business development projects, before she joined our Group in 2003.         governments and a board member of Try for Change, the charity
Nationality: Serbian                                                        of the England Rugby Football Union.
                                                                            Nationality: British
Nikos Kalaitzidakis
(50) Region Director: Armenia, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Moldova,               OpCo gender diversity
Croatia, Slovenia & Ukraine, Bulgaria, Greece, Cyprus, Republic
                                                                                                              Men: 8
of North Macedonia, Romania and Serbia & Montenegro                                                           Women: 2
Senior management tenure: Appointed May 2018 (2 years)
Previous Group roles: Nikos joined the Group in 2006 as Regional
Manager for Northwest Russia and then moved to general manager roles
in Croatia (2008), Bulgaria (2010), Hungary (2013) and Poland (2014).
Previous relevant experience: Prior to joining the Group, Nikos spent
five years in technology and telecommunications and seven years
with Phillip Morris International in various roles and geographies across
Europe and Central Asia.
Nationality: Greek                                                          OpCo tenure

                                                                            0-1 years                                    3
                                                                            2-3 years                                    2
                                                                            4-5 years                                    2
                                                                            6-7 years                                    1
                                                                            17-18 years                                  1
                                                                                                         INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      97
                                                                                                                                                 SR

                                                                                                                                                 CG

                                                                                                                                                 FS

                                                                                                                                                 SSR

                                                                                                                                                 SI
Key responsibilities of the Operating Committee

 The key responsibilities and elements of the Operating                • the setting of annual targets and approval of annual business
 Committee’s role are:                                                   plans which form the basis of the Group’s performance
 • the day-to-day executive management of the Group and its              management, including a comprehensive programme of
   businesses, including all matters not reserved for the Board          strategies and targets agreed between the Country General
   or other bodies;                                                      Managers and the Region Directors;
 • the development of Group strategies and implementation              • working closely with the Country General Managers, as set out
   of the strategies approved by the Board;                              in the Group’s operating framework, in order to capture benefits
 • providing adequate head-office support for each of the                of scale, ensuring appropriate governance and compliance, and
   Group’s countries;                                                    managing the performance of the Group; and
                                                                       • leading the Group’s talent and capability development
                                                                         programmes.


Key activities and decisions in 2019

 Long-term direction setting                  Business planning                                 Policy formulation, reviews
 • Deployment and cascading our 2025          • Evaluating and updating the Group’s             • Sustainability commitments.
   organisational strategy, targets and         long-range business plan.                       • Updates on our Commercial policy.
   growth pillars.
                                              • Reviewing and approving annual business
 • Articulating during the Capital Markets      plans for 2019 for all operations and central   Priority projects
   Day in June 2019 our 2025                    functions.                                      • 2025 strategy deployment
   organisational strategy, targets and                                                         • Redesign of business planning process
                                              • Approving Group and country talent,
   growth pillars.                                                                              • Revenue Growth Management
                                                capabilities development and
 • Optimising the Group’s organisational        succession plans.                               • Route-to-Market Reboot
   and reporting structure, both                                                                • Renewing Category Growth
   geographically as well as functionally.    Risk, safety and business resilience
                                                                                                • Right Execution Daily
 • Reviewing and updating our revenue         • Evaluating the Group’s business                 • Innovation for Growth
   growth management strategies and             resilience strategies.
                                                                                                • Digital and Big Data and Advanced
   implementing these in our local            • Evaluating the Group’s Risk Register of           Analytics (BDAA)
   commercialisation plans.                     major business risks as well as associated      • Capabilities for Growth
 • Rebooting our route-to-market                risk response plans.                            • Engagement
   approach in selected markets.              • Reviewing the Group’s health & safety
 • Assessing our sustainability priorities      policies and material incidents.
   and initiatives on the way to deliver
                                              Business case reviews and approvals
   2025 commitments.
                                              • Assessing the strategic acquisitions
 • Setting long-term capability building        of Bambi in Serbia, Lurisia in Italy and Toma
   priorities and programmes.                   in Czech Republic.
 • Evaluating and evolving our 24/7           • Assessing strategic revenue-generating
   portfolio strategy together with our         initiatives and product / packaging
   brand partners.                              innovation business cases.
                                              • Overseeing the strategic evolution
                                                of Supply Chain, Human Resources,
                                                Commercial, Finance and BSS
                                                departments.
                                              • The optimisation and expansion of our
                                                logistics and manufacturing infrastructure.
                                              • Capital expenditure proposals review
                                                and approval.

   2019
98     COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued



Raising the bar for
risk management
Letter from the Chair of the                                Dear Shareholder
                                                            The Audit and Risk Committee focused its work during
Audit and Risk Committee                                    2019 on enhancing and strengthening the Group’s
                                                            existing financial controls, risk management and
                                                            compliance systems, which the Board recognises as
                                                            essential components of effective corporate governance.
                                                            During 2019, the Audit and Risk Committee worked closely with the
                                                            internal audit and finance teams in implementing the Group’s internal
                                                            control framework. The Committee also reviewed developments
                                                            in accounting and regulatory matters, including changes to IFRS,
                                                            initiatives around human rights and gender diversity, and the EU Data
                                                            Protection Regulation.
                                                            The Audit and Risk Committee Report describes in more detail the
                                                            work of the Audit and Risk Committee during 2019. In performing its
                                                            work, the Committee balances independent oversight with support
                                                            and guidance to management. I am confident to report that the
     Highlights this year                                   Committee supported by senior management and the external
     • Updating our Code of Business Conduct                auditor consistently carried out its duties to a high standard during
       and Anti‑Bribery policies.                           the reporting year.
     • Adoption of IFRS 16 on leases.

     Priorities for 2020
     • monitoring the developments in accounting and        WILLIAM W. (BILL) DOUGLAS III
       regulatory matters, including potential changes      COMMITTEE CHAIR
       to IFRS accounting standards;
     • monitoring compliance with the EU Data Protection
       Regulation;                                          Role and responsibilities
     • ongoing monitoring of risks as well as impairment
                                                            The Audit and Risk Committee monitors the effectiveness of our
       testing of goodwill and intangible assets;
                                                            financial reporting, internal control and risk management systems,
     • ongoing monitoring of internal financial controls,   and processes. The role of the Audit and Risk Committee is set out in
       anti-fraud systems and Code of Business Conduct      the charter for the committees of the Board of Directors in Annex C
       compliance; and                                      to the Company’s Organisational Regulations. This is available at
     • ongoing monitoring of the Group’s Enterprise Risk    http://coca-colahellenic.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/
       Management and Quality assurance, and                corporate-governance-overview/.The key responsibilities and
       information system security processes.               elements of the Audit and Risk Committee’s role are:
                                                            • providing advice to the Board on whether the Annual Report
                                                              including the consolidated Financial Statements, taken as a whole, is
                                                              a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s
                                                              position and prospects and provides the information necessary for
                                                              shareholders to assess the Group’s position and performance,
                                                              including whether there is consistency through out the report
                                                              including the financial reporting, whether the report will form a good
                                                              basis of information for the shareholders, and that important
                                                              messages are highlighted appropriately throughout the report;
                                                            • monitoring the quality, fairness and integrity of the consolidated
                                                              Financial Statements of the Group, and reviewing significant
                                                              financial reporting issues and judgements contained in them;
                                                                                                            INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       99
                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                     SSR

                                                                                                                                                     SI




• reviewing the Group’s internal financial control and anti-fraud        Further details on their experience are set out in their respective
  systems as well as the Group’s broader enterprise risk                 biographies on pages 80 to 82.
  management and legal and ethical compliance programmes                 The Group Chief Financial Officer, as well as the General Counsel,
  (including computerised information system controls and security)      external auditor, the Director of Corporate Audit, and the Group
  with the input of the external auditor and the internal audit          Financial Controller, normally attend all meetings of the Audit and Risk
  department;                                                            Committee. Other officers and employees are invited to attend
• reviewing and evaluating the Group’s major areas of financial risk     meetings when appropriate. The Director of Corporate Audit, and,
  and the steps taken to monitor and control such risk, as well as       separately, the external auditor, meet regularly with the Audit and Risk
  guidelines and policies governing risk assessment; and                 Committee without the presence of management to discuss the
• monitoring and reviewing the external auditor’s independence,          adequacy of internal controls over financial reporting and any other
  quality, adequacy and effectiveness, taking into consideration the     matters deemed relevant to the Audit and Risk Committee.
  requirements of all applicable laws in Switzerland and the UK, the
  listing requirements of the London Stock Exchange and Athens           Work and activities
  Stock Exchange, and applicable professional standards.                 The Audit and Risk Committee met eight (including four conference
Members                                  Membership status
                                                                         calls) times during 2019 and discharged the responsibilities defined
William W. (Bill) Douglas III (Chair)    Member since 2016               under Annex C of the Organisational Regulations. The work of the
                                         Chair since 2016                Audit and Risk Committee during the accounting year included
John P. Sechi                            Member since 2014               evaluation of:
Olusola (Sola) David-Borha               Member since 2015
                                                                         • the Annual Report including the consolidated Financial Statements
The Audit and Risk Committee comprises three independent                   and the full year results announcement for the year ended 31
non-Executive Directors: Bill Douglas (Chair), Olusola (Sola) David-       December 2018 prior to their submission to the Board for approval,
Borha and John P. Sechi, who were each re-elected for a one-year term      including consideration of the Group on a going concern basis, and
by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on 18 June 2019.         compliance with Group policies;
The Board remains satisfied that Bill Douglas, Sola David-Borha and      • the interim consolidated Financial Statements and interim results
John Sechi possess recent and relevant financial and sector                announcement for the six-month period ending 28 June 2019, prior
experience in compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code.            to their submission to the Board for approval;
Bill Douglas was formerly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial   • the trading updates for the three-month period ended 29 March
Officer of Coca-Cola Enterprises, and Sola David-Borha and John            2019 and the nine-month period ended 27 September 2019;
Sechi have held a number of senior financial positions.                  • areas of significance in the preparation of the consolidated
                                                                           Financial Statements;
                                                                         • the internal control environment, principal risks and risk
                                                                           management systems (including the nature and extent of the
                                                                           principal risks the Company is willing to take in order to achieve
                                                                           its long-term strategic objectives), and the Group’s statement
                                                                           on the effectiveness of its internal controls prior to endorsement
                                                                           by the Board;
                                                                         • review of the Viability Statement scenarios and underlying
                                                                           assumptions and recommendations to the Board that the Viability
                                                                           Statement be approved;
                                                                         • review and approval of the internal audit plan, quarterly reports
                                                                           on the results of internal audit work and an internal quality
                                                                           assessment of the internal audit function in accordance with the
                                                                           Institute of Internal Auditors Attribute Standards 1311;
100   COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued

• assessment of the overall financial risk management of the Group’s      Areas of key significance in the preparation of the
  operations and review of internal financial control procedures;         Financial Statements
• discussion of tax developments, including OECD initiatives to           The Audit and Risk Committee considered a number of areas of key
  combat aggressive tax planning and tax abuse; EU’s Anti-Tax             significance in the preparation of the Financial Statements in 2019,
  Avoidance Directive, consequential development of tax                   including the following:
  governance and risk management framework for the Group;
                                                                          • critical accounting judgements and estimates that affect the
• review of tax issues in Romania, Italy and Austria;
                                                                            reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
• discussion of location of direct procurement activities;
                                                                            the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated
• matters arising under the Group’s Code of Business Conduct and            Financial Statements, including income taxes (detailed in Notes 5,
  the actions taken to address any identified issues;                       10, 13, 15 and 21 to the consolidated Financial Statements);
• revisions to and compliance with treasury policies, including risk      • contingencies, legal proceedings, competition law and regulatory
  limits, hedging programmes and counterparty limits;                       procedures, including cases involving the national competition
• discussion of various accounting requirements taking effect from          authorities of Greece and Switzerland and litigation matters in
  1 January 2019 primarily related to IFRS 16 (Leases);                     Nigeria, Russia, Italy and Greece, and the impact of these on the
• regular reports on quality assurance, health and safety,                  consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes;
  environmental protection, asset protection, treasury and financial      • the impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
  risks, fraud control, insurance, security, enterprise risk management     assets with a particular emphasis on reviewing and challenging the
  processes and internal control framework;                                 key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculation, and the
• reports from the external auditor on the annual and interim Financial     sensitivity analysis performed for the material operations with
  Statements, review of the external audit plan and pre-approval            reduced financial headroom. These assumptions, and a discussion
  of audit fees for 2020;                                                   of how they are established as well as the sensitivity analysis, are
• review of the external auditor’s independence, quality, adequacy          described in Note 13 to the consolidated Financial Statements;
  and effectiveness;                                                      • reviewed the management’s work in conducting a robust
• the results of the Audit and Risk Committee self-assessment               assessment of the risks that impact the Viability and Going Concern
  process; and                                                              Statements; and
• reports on regulatory review of audit sector in the UK.                 • recommended to the Board to approve the Viability Statement.

                                                                          External auditor
                                                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers AG, Birchstrasse 160, CH 8050 Zurich,
                                                                          Switzerland (‘PwC AG’) has been elected by the shareholders as
                                                                          the statutory auditor for the Group’s statutory consolidated and
                                                                          standalone Financial Statements. Signing partner for the statutory
                                                                          Financial Statements on behalf of PwC AG is Michael Foley, who has
                                                                          held this role since the year ended 31 December 2016.
                                                                          The Board, at the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee,
                                                                          has retained PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A., 268 Kifissias Avenue
                                                                          – 15232 Halandri, Greece (‘PwC S.A.’), an affiliate of PwC AG, to act
                                                                          as the Group’s independent registered public accounting firm for the
                                                                          purposes of reporting under the UK rules for the year ended 31
                                                                          December 2019. Signing partner for the Financial Statements on
                                                                          behalf of PwC S.A. is Konstantinos Michalatos, who has held this role
                                                                          since the year ended 31 December 2018.
                                                                          The appointment of PwC has been approved by the shareholders until
                                                                          the next Annual General Meeting by way of advisory vote. ‘PwC’ refers
                                                                          to PwC AG or PwC S.A., as applicable, in this Annual Report.
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      101
                                                                                                                                                        SR

                                                                                                                                                        CG

                                                                                                                                                        FS

                                                                                                                                                        SSR

During the accounting period, the members of the Audit and Risk            Audit fees and all other fees                                                SI
Committee met separately with PwC on a regular basis, and the Audit
and Risk Committee took an active role in reviewing the scope of the       Audit fees
audit, the independence, objectivity and effectiveness of PwC, and the     The total fees for audit services paid to PwC and affiliates were
negotiations relating to audit fees. The Audit and Risk Committee also     approximately €4.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019,
met with the management team, which led the discussions with PwC,          compared to approximately €4.3 million for the year ended 31
including the Director of Corporate Audit, to review the performance       December 2018. The total fees for 2019 include fees associated with
of PwC without PwC being present. Following this review process,           the annual audit and review of the Group’s half-year reports, prepared
the Audit and Risk Committee has recommended to the Board that             in accordance with IFRS and local statutory audits.
a proposal to reappoint PwC be put to a shareholders’ vote at the next
Annual General Meeting.                                                    Audit-related fees

PwC has acted as the Group’s sole external auditor since 2003.             Fees for audit-related services paid to PwC and affiliates for the year
The Company ran a competitive tender for the external auditor              ended 31 December 2019 were €0.4 million, compared to €0.4 million
services in 2015 which was overseen by the Audit and Risk Committee.       for the year ended 31 December 2018.
Following the evaluation of the proposals, the Audit and Risk
                                                                           Tax-related fees
Committee concluded in 2015 that the best interests of the Group
and its shareholders would be served by retaining PwC as external          No fees were paid to PwC and affiliates for tax services for the year
auditor and made such recommendation to the Board. PwC was                 ended 31 December 2019 or for the year ended 31 December 2018.
reappointed by the Board as the Group’s external auditor with effect
                                                                           All other fees
from 11 December 2015. Currently, the Audit and Risk Committee
anticipates that the audit contract will be put out to tender again in     Fees for non-audit services paid to PwC or affiliates for the year ended
2025. There are no contractual or other obligations restricting the        31 December 2019 were €nil million. There were €0.1 million in fees
Group’s choice of external auditor.                                        for non-audit services paid to PwC or affiliates during the year ended
                                                                           31 December 2018.
Non-audit services provided by the external auditor
                                                                           Risk management
The Audit and Risk Committee considers the independence, in both
fact and appearance, of the external auditor as critical and has long      During 2019, the Company continued to revise and strengthen its
had an auditor independence policy providing definitions of the            approach to risk management as described in detail on pages 54-64.
services that the external auditor may and may not provide. In line with   The primary aim of this framework is to minimise our exposure and
the relevant FRC Guidance, the policy requires the Audit and Risk          ensure that the nature and significance of all risks we are facing are
Committee’s pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit            properly identified, reviewed, managed and, where necessary,
services provided by the external auditor. Such services include audit,    escalated. A quarterly risk assessment is undertaken by the countries
work directly related to audit, and certain tax and other services as      and corporate office support functions, and significant risks are then
further explained below. In practice, the Audit and Risk Committee         reported to the Chief Risk Officer for review by the CEO and Region
applies the policy restrictively, and approval for work other than audit   Directors. The Company’s Group Risk Forum reviews the emerging
and audit-related services is rarely granted.                              as well as the identified risks biannually and presents issues of critical
                                                                           exposure to the Operating Committee. The latter, after careful
Under the policy, pre-approval may be provided for work associated         review, reports to the Audit and Risk Committee emerging and
with: statutory or other financial audit work under IFRS or according      material risks as well as mitigating actions. This process is both
to local statutory requirements; attestation services not required by      top-down and bottom-up and is designed to ensure that risks arising
statute or regulation; accounting and financial reporting consultation     from business activities are appropriately managed.
and research work necessary to comply with generally accepted
accounting and auditing standards; internal control reviews and            Finally, we have in place third-party insurance to cover residual
assistance with internal control reporting requirements; review of         insurable risk exposure such as property damage, business
information systems security and controls; tax compliance and related      interruption and liability protection, including Directors’ and officers’
tax services, excluding any tax services prohibited by regulatory or       insurance for our Directors and officers, as well as for the officers and
other oversight authorities; expatriates’ and other individual tax         directors of certain subsidiaries.
services; and assistance and consultation on questions raised by
regulatory agencies.
For each proposed service, the external auditor is required to provide
detailed back-up documentation at the time of approval to permit
the Audit and Risk Committee to make a determination whether
the provision of such services would impair the external
auditor’s independence.
PwC has complied with the policy for the financial year ended on
31 December 2019, and there have been no changes to the policy
during the year.
102   COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued

Internal control                                                              The key features of the Group’s internal control systems that ensure
The Board has ultimate responsibility for ensuring that the Company           the accuracy and reliability of financial reporting include: clearly defined
has adequate systems of financial reporting control. Systems of               lines of accountability and delegation of authority; policies and
financial reporting control can provide only reasonable and not               procedures that cover financial planning and reporting; preparation of
absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss. In certain         monthly management accounts; and review of the disclosures within
of the countries in which we operate, our businesses are exposed to a         the Annual Report, from function heads to ensure that the disclosures
heightened risk of loss due to fraud and criminal activity. We review our     made appropriately reflect the developments within the Group in the
systems of financial control regularly in order to minimise such losses.      year and meet the requirement of being fair, balanced and
                                                                              understandable.
Internal audit                                                                The Audit and Risk Committee reviews the results of the internal
Our internal audit function reports directly to the Audit and Risk            audit reports during each meeting, focusing on the key observations
Committee, which reviews and approves the internal audit plan for             of any reports where processes and controls require improvement.
each year. The internal audit function consists of approximately 40           The Audit and Risk Committee was also provided with updates on the
full-time professional audit staff based in Athens, Budapest, Sofia,          remediation status of management actions of internal audit findings
Moscow and Lagos, covering a range of disciplines and business                and on the internal audit quality assurance and improvement
expertise. One of the responsibilities of the internal audit function is to   programme at each meeting.
provide risk-based and objective assurance to the Board as to whether
                                                                              The Group Chief Financial Officer and the Regional Finance Directors,
the Group’s framework of risk management, including internal control
                                                                              Country General Managers and Country Chief Financial Officers
framework, is operating effectively. For this purpose, the Director of
                                                                              have access to the implementation status of the recommendations
Corporate Audit makes quarterly presentations to the Audit and Risk
                                                                              at all times.
Committee and meets regularly with the Audit and Risk Committee
without the presence of our management.                                       Where internal or external circumstances give rise to an increased
                                                                              level of risk, the audit plan is modified accordingly. Nevertheless, no
In addition, the internal audit function reviews the internal financial,
                                                                              such cases occurred this year. Any changes to the agreed audit plan
operational and compliance control systems across all the jurisdictions
                                                                              are presented to and agreed by the Audit and Risk Committee.
in which we operate and reports its findings to management and
                                                                              Detailed updates on specific areas were provided at the request of the
the Audit and Risk Committee on a regular basis. The internal audit
                                                                              Audit and Risk Committee, such as, for example, the progress on audit
function focuses its work on the areas of greatest risk to us, as
                                                                              issues relating to a Health and Safety audit.
determined by a risk-based approach to audit planning. As part of
our commitment to maintaining and strengthening best practice in
                                                                              Whistleblowing measures
corporate governance matters, we also consistently seek to enhance
our internal control environment and risk management capability.              Business ethics and anti-corruption
The internal audit function carries out work across the Group,                We seek to grow our business by serving customers and consumers,
providing independent assurance, advice and insight to help the               and conduct all business activities with integrity and respect. The Board
organisation accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic,              is responsible for ensuring appropriate procedures and processes are
disciplined approach to evaluating and improving the effectiveness            in place to enable our workforce to raise any issues of concern.
of risk management, control and governance processes. In December             The Board maintains zero-tolerance regarding breaches of our Code
2019, the Audit and Risk Committee agreed the FY20 audit plan to be           of Business Conduct and anti-bribery policies, as well as any attempts
undertaken by the internal audit team. The audit plan coverage is             to retaliate against our people who report potential violations.
based on risk, strategic priorities and consideration of the strength
                                                                              We have online and classroom training for all our people so that
of the control environment. The internal audit function prepares audit
                                                                              everyone understands our Code of Business Conduct, and we hold
reports and recommendations following each audit, and appropriate
                                                                              targeted anti-bribery training for employees working in areas we
measures are then taken to ensure that all recommendations are
                                                                              assess as high risk. During the year, 98.9% of our employees across
implemented. Significant issues, if any, are raised at once. There were
                                                                              the Group were trained on our Code of Business Conduct and 98.9%
no such issues in 2019.
                                                                              on our anti-bribery policies, in line with our target to train a minimum
The Board has adopted a chart of authority, defining financial and            of 95% of our total workforce. We have also established an anti-bribery
other authorisation limits and setting procedures for approving capital       due diligence process for third parties who have contact with
and investment expenditure. The Board also approves detailed annual           government authorities. We have established grievance mechanisms,
budgets. It subsequently reviews quarterly performance against                including an independently operated whistleblower ‘Speak Up Hotline’,
targets set forth in these plans and budgets. A key focus of the              available in all Coca-Cola HBC countries in local languages to ensure
financial management strategy is the protection of our earnings               any concerns can be raised.
stream and management of our cash flow.
                                                                              In 2019, we investigated 311 allegations (2018: 296) of which 166
We have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk           (2018: 141) were received through the ‘Speak Up Hotline’. All allegations
management system and internal control systems in accordance                  involving potential Code of Business Conduct violations were
with the UK Corporate Governance Code. Part of this review involves           investigated in accordance with the Group Code of Business Conduct
regular review of our financial, operational and compliance controls,         Handling Guidelines. Of those investigated, 98 (2018: 113) matters
following which we report back to the Board on our work and findings          were substantiated as code violations of which 20 (2018: 20) involved
as described above. This allowed us to provide positive assurance             an employee in a managerial position or involved a loss greater than
to the Board to assist it in making the statements that our risk              €10,000. For details concerning the handling of allegations received in
management and internal control systems are effective, as required            2019, see our website.
by the UK Corporate Governance Code. Further information is set out
on pages 56-61.
                                                                         INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   103
                                                                                                               SR

                                                                                                               CG

                                                                                                               FS

                                                                                                               SSR

You can find more on allegations investigated and violations                                                   SI
uncovered in our GRI index: https://coca-colahellenic.com/
Campaigns/AnnualReport2019/assets/pdf/Coca-Cola-HBC-2019-
GRI-Content-Index.pdf.
Through the ‘Speak Up Hotline’ we receive, retain, investigate and act
on employee complaints or concerns regarding accounting, internal
control or ethical matters. This includes any matters regarding the
circumvention or attempted circumvention of internal controls,
including matters that would constitute a violation of our Code of
Business Conduct or matters involving fraudulent behaviour by
officers or employees of the Group. All such allegations, complaints
or concerns may be communicated in a variety of ways, in local
languages and on an anonymous basis, to our Director of Corporate
Audit. Communications received by the Director of Corporate Audit,
or directly through the ‘Speak Up Hotline’ are kept confidential and,
where requested, anonymous. The Director of Corporate Audit liaises
regularly with the General Counsel and communicates all significant
allegations to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee.
All matters received via the ‘Speak Up Hotline’ or any other reporting
mechanism are thoroughly investigated. The Audit and Risk
Committee receives summary reports of escalated incidents and
instances of whistleblowing together with the status of investigations
and, where appropriate, management actions to remedy issues
identified. The Committee reports to the Board on such matters.

Disclosure Committee
A Disclosure Committee has been established, and disclosure
controls and procedures have been adopted to ensure the accuracy
and completeness of our public disclosures. The Disclosure
Committee is composed of the Group Chief Financial Officer, the
General Counsel, the Director of Investor Relations and the Group
Financial Controller.

Performance reporting
Reports on our annual performance and prospects are presented in
the Annual Report following recommendation by the Audit and Risk
Committee. In line with UK practice, we have adopted half-year and
full-year reports, and Q1 and Q3 trading updates. Internally, our
financial results and key performance indicators are reviewed by the
Operating Committee on a monthly basis. This information includes
comparisons against business plans, forecasts and prior-year
performance. The Board of Directors receives updates on performance
at each Board meeting, as well as a monthly report on our business
and financial performance.
104     COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued



Ensuring the right
team for the future
Letter from the Chair of the                                             Dear Shareholder
                                                                         The work of the Nomination Committee has continued
Nomination Committee                                                     to focus on the composition of the Board and the
                                                                         important task of Board and senior management
                                                                         succession planning.
                                                                         In 2019, the Committee continued to review the balance of skills,
                                                                         experience and diversity of the Board and focused on the talent
                                                                         development, employee engagement and gender diversity initiatives
                                                                         necessary to ensure that the Group has the people and skills to deliver
                                                                         on its strategy. The Committee also considers the overall length
                                                                         of service of the Board as a whole as part of its succession planning
                                                                         and keeps under review the need to refresh Board membership.
                                                                         In addition, the Committee oversaw an externally facilitated self-
                                                                         assessment process.
                                                                         A summary of the Group’s Nomination Policy for the recruitment of
                                                                         Board members is available online at: https://coca-colahellenic.com/
      Highlights this year                                               media/1549/summary-of-nomination-policy-for-recruitment-of-
      • The successful onboarding of our new                             board-members.pdf. The Board Diversity Policy is described
        non‑Executive Director, Alfredo Rivera.                          on page 105.

      Priorities for 2020
      • continuous work on succession plans for Board
        and senior management positions;
                                                                         RETO FRANCIONI
      • externally facilitated Board and committee                       COMMITTEE CHAIR
        assessments; and
      • follow up actions on outcome of 2019 evaluation
        assessment.



Role and responsibilities                                                • planning and managing, in consultation with the Chairman, a Board
The function of the Nomination Committee is to establish and               membership succession plan;
maintain a process for appointing new Board members, to manage,          • ensuring, together with the Chairman, the operation of a
in consultation with the Chairman, the succession of the Chief             satisfactory induction programme for new members of the Board
Executive Officer and to support the Board in fulfilling its duty to       and a satisfactory ongoing training and education programme for
conduct a Board self-assessment. The formal role of the Nomination         existing members of the Board and its committees as necessary
Committee is set out in the charter for the committees of the Board        to deliver on our strategy;
of Directors in Annex C of the Company’s Organisational Regulations.     • setting the criteria for, and overseeing, the annual assessment
This is available online at https://coca-colahellenic.com/en/about-us/     of the performance and effectiveness of each member of the
corporate-governance/corporate-governance-overview/.                       Board and each Board committee;
Key elements of the Nomination Committee’s role are:                     • conducting an annual assessment of the performance and
                                                                           effectiveness of the Board, and reporting conclusions and
• reviewing the size and composition of the Board;                         recommendations based on the assessment to the Board; and
• identifying candidates and nominating new members to the Board;        • overseeing the employee and management talent development
                                                                           and succession plans of the Group.




Committee at work

               Succession                         Board
                                                                             Recruitment                       Shortlisting
               planning                           composition
                                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       105
                                                                                                                                                          SR

                                                                                                                                                          CG

                                                                                                                                                          FS

                                                                                                                                                          SSR

Members                                  Membership status                 Diversity                                                                      SI
Reto Francioni (Chair)                   Member since 2016                 The Group continues to have a firm commitment to policies
                                         Chair since 2016                  promoting diversity, equal opportunity and talent development at
Charlotte J. Boyle                       Member since 2017                 every level throughout the Group, including at Board and management
Alexandra Papalexopoulou                 Member since 2015                 level, and is constantly seeking to attract and recruit highly qualified
                                                                           candidates for all positions in its business. The Group’s Inclusion and
The members of the Nomination Committee are Reto Francioni,
                                                                           Diversity Policy applies to all people who work for us. Further details
Charlotte Boyle and Alexandra Papalexopoulou. All members of the
                                                                           on the Group’s Inclusion and Diversity Policy are set out on pages
Nomination Committee are independent non-Executive Directors.
                                                                           40-41 in the Strategic Report.
At the Annual General Meeting on 18 June 2019, Reto Francioni,
Charlotte Boyle and Alexandra Papalexopoulou were re-elected for           The Group believes that diversity at the Board level acts as a key driver
a one-year term by the shareholders.                                       of Board effectiveness, helps to ensure that the Group can achieve its
                                                                           overall business goals, especially in light of our geographical footprint,
Work and activities                                                        and is critical in promoting a diverse and inclusive culture across the
                                                                           whole Group. The Board has adopted a formal Board Diversity Policy.
The Nomination Committee met four times during 2019 and
discharged the responsibilities defined under Annex C of the               The Group’s Board Diversity Policy guides the Nomination Committee
Company’s Organisational Regulations. The Chief Executive Officer          and the Board in relation to their approach to diversity in respect of
and the Group Human Resources Director regularly attend meetings           succession planning and the selection process for the appointment
of the Nomination Committee. In addition, the Chairman is actively         of new Board members. The Nomination Committee is responsible
involved in the work of the Nomination Committee concerning                for implementing this policy and for monitoring progress towards the
succession planning and the selection of key people. In 2019, the          achievement of its objectives.
General Counsel also met with the Nomination Committee on several          Under the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee is
occasions. During 2019, the work of the Nomination Committee               required to take into account all aspects of diversity, including age,
included consideration of:                                                 ethnicity, gender, educational and professional background and social
• succession planning and development of plans for the recruitment         background when considering succession planning and new Board
  of new Board members;                                                    appointments. Board appointments are evaluated on merit against
• composition of the Board, including the appropriate balance of skills,   objective criteria with due regard for diversity to ensure that
  knowledge, experience and diversity;                                     candidates contribute to the balance of skills, experience, knowledge
• review of the talent management framework;                               and diversity of the Board. The Board also considers the overall length
                                                                           of service of the Board as a whole when considering refreshment of
• the performance evaluation and annual assessments of the
                                                                           the membership.
  committees and the Board;
• follow up actions arising from Board and committee evaluations;          The Board recognises the importance of diversity in its business. It is
• review of the Director induction process and training programmes;        the Board’s responsibility to oversee senior management succession
  and                                                                      planning for a diverse pipeline of managers and talent identified from
                                                                           the management talent development programme. This links to our
• review of the Group’s Inclusion and Diversity Policy.
                                                                           strategy to develop our people and ensure we attract and retain a
                                                                           diverse talent pool, and is one of the five pillars of our growth strategy.
Performance evaluation of the Board
                                                                           Further information on Growth Pillar 4 is set out on pages 38-41.
The Nomination Committee led the annual assessment of the
performance of the Board and its committees during the year with the       The Board understands the benefits of diversity of gender, ethnicity,
support of Lintstock, an external advisory firm.The key areas included     knowledge and experience. Both the Board and Nomination
in the assessment were Board structure and diversity, timeliness and       Committee remain mindful of the targets set for FTSE 100 companies
quality of information, Board discussions, and effective contributions     by the Hampton-Alexander Review (minimum of 33% of women on
of each Director, the performance of the Board, committees,                the board and 33% of women on the executive committee and direct
succession planning, risk appetite and risk management, and                reports by the end of 2020) and the Parker Review to increase ethnic
remuneration and performance. The scores were high overall and the         diversity (at least ‘one person of colour’ on the board by 2021).
results of the evaluation were presented at the December 2019 Board        The Board currently has 23% female representation and also meets the
meeting. Further details on the internal Board evaluation are set out      target set by the Parker Review. The Board is committed to improving
on page 88.                                                                the Board gender balance. The Board is committed to improving the
                                                                           Board gender balance. The Operating Committee has 20% female
As with all employees, the Group offers training opportunities to the      representation while 35% of our senior leaders are women. Figures
Board and senior management in order to improve their skills, and          showing Board and senior management gender diversity are shown
encourages all Board members and senior management to gain                 on pages 87 and 96. The Board is committed to appointing the best
relevant experience and knowledge to fulfil their position’s duties.       people with the right skills set, regardless of gender, ethnicity, age,
                                                                           religion or disability and as such does not think it is appropriate to set
                                                                           specific targets for Board appointments.
                                                                           The Nomination Committee, in conjunction with the Operating
                                                                           Committee, will continue to monitor the proportion of women at all
                                                                           levels of the Group and ensure that all appointments are made with
                                                                           a view to having a high level of diversity within the workplace and in
                                                                           leadership positions.

                                             Balance of skills
              Interview                                                        Appointment                           Induction
                                             assessment
106     COCA-COLA HBC




Corporate governance report continued



Raising the level of ambition with
2025 sustainability commitments
Letter from the Chair of the                                      Dear Stakeholder
                                                                  In 2019 as in previous years the Social Responsibility
Social Responsibility Committee                                   Committee continued to focus on the implementation of
                                                                  our sustainability strategy as well as on external social and
                                                                  environmental trends and their impact on the business.
                                                                  Growth Story 2025 defines our vision and targets for the period up to
                                                                  2025, and one of its pillars, Earn our license to operate, is closely linked
                                                                  with Mission 2025, our sustainability commitments. These sustainability
                                                                  commitments were embraced in 2018 and focus on six key areas:
                                                                  Climate and Renewable Energy; Water Reduction and Stewardship;
                                                                  World Without Waste; Ingredient Sourcing; Nutrition; and People and
                                                                  Communities (for details, please see pages 48-49).
                                                                  The Committee also carefully monitored sustainability-related
                                                                  regulatory developments such as circular economy directives, single
                                                                  use plastics and waste, evolved nutrition labelling and product
                                                                  tax developments.
      Highlights this year                                        During 2019, we achieved outstanding scores for our sustainability
      • Good progress demonstrated during 2019 towards            efforts from the Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe, the MSCI
        our Mission 2025 sustainability commitments               ESG rating, FTSE4Good and CDP Climate Change and Water. We are
      • Solid plans on packaging, plastic packaging               particularly proud that Standard & Poor’s have recognised us as an
        and waste.                                                industry mover in 2019 due to our achieving the largest proportional
                                                                  improvement demonstrated within the top 15% companies of
      • Monitoring the licence to operate pillar as part of our
                                                                  our industry.
        Growth Story 2025.
                                                                  Going forward in 2020, it is the Committee’s responsibility to ensure
      • Participating in annual Stakeholder Forum on Water
                                                                  that sustainability objectives are fully integrated in the business
        stewardship and the broader water strategy.
                                                                  strategy of the Company and that responsible, sustainable business
                                                                  practices continue to engender the trust of stakeholders while
      Priorities for 2020                                         supporting the sustainable growth of our business. In 2018, two years
      • overseeing progress towards the 2025 sustainability       ahead of schedule, we achieved our first science-based carbon
        commitments;                                              reduction targets (reaching 25% carbon intensity reduction in the
      • monitoring progress of the World Without Waste            whole value chain vs. 2010). In 2020 we will monitor the development
        strategy and related plans;                               of the new set of science-based carbon reduction targets. We will
                                                                  also devote our efforts to fully understanding the new European
      • reviewing and endorsing the Group’s sustainability
                                                                  Union Green Deal endorsed by the European Commission and its
        reporting according to the GRI and IIRC frameworks;
                                                                  impact on us.
      • developing/setting next-level science-based
        carbon reduction targets;
      • monitoring the implementation of
        recommendations from the TCFD; and
      • addressing potential sparkling soft drinks and plastic    ANASTASIOS I. LEVENTIS
        packaging taxation.                                       COMMITTEE CHAIR
                                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    107
                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                     SSR

                                                                                                                                                     SI




Role and responsibilities                                                   Work and activities
The Social Responsibility Committee is responsible for the                  The Social Responsibility Committee met four times during 2019
development and supervision of procedures and systems to ensure             and discharged its responsibilities as defined under Annex C of the
the pursuit of the Group’s social and environmental goals. The formal       Company’s Organisational Regulations. In addition to the Committee
role of the Social Responsibility Committee is set out in the charter for   members, meetings were attended by two other members of the
the committees of the Board of Directors in Annex C of the                  Board, Charlotte J. Boyle and Ryan Rudolph, by the Group Director
Company’s Organisational Regulations. This is available online at           of Public Affairs and Communication and by different senior leaders
https://coca-colahellenic.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/             based on the discussion topics. The CEO, Zoran Bogdanovic,
corporate-governance-overview/. The key elements of the Social              attended all four of the meetings.
Responsibility Committee’s role and responsibilities are:                   During 2019, the Social Responsibility Committee reviewed and
• establishing the principles governing the Group’s policies on social      provided guidance and insights to advance the Group’s sustainability
  responsibility, and the environment to guide management’s                 approach in the following areas:
  decisions and actions;                                                    • rate of implementation and progress made against Mission 2025,
• overseeing the development and supervision of procedures and                our 17 publicly communicated 2025 sustainability commitments
  systems to ensure the achievement of the Group’s social                     and their six pillars;
  responsibility and environmental goals;                                   • progress and annual plans of the global Coca-Cola World Without
• establishing and operating a council responsible for developing and         Waste strategy, in all three pillars: packaging design, packaging
  implementing policies and strategies to achieve the Company’s               collection and partnering;
  social responsibility and environmental goals, and ensuring               • specific market initiatives addressing sustainability, such as 100%
  Group-wide capabilities to execute such policies and strategies;            rPET in four of the mineral water brands and 50% rPET in 0.5l
                                                                              in Trade Mark Coke family in two countries, zero waste cities and
• ensuring the necessary and appropriate transparency and
                                                                              youth empowered programmes;
  openness in the Group’s business conduct in pursuit of its social
  responsibility and environmental goals;                                   • plans for calorie and sugar reduction in our portfolio;
                                                                            • materiality process review and endorsement of stakeholder
• ensuring and overseeing the Group’s interactions with stakeholders          engagement plan, in particular the feedback from the Annual
  in relation to its social responsibility and environmental policies,        Stakeholder Forum;
  goals and achievements, including the level of compliance with
                                                                            • assessment of the Group’s progress regarding the level of disclosure
  internationally accepted standards; and
                                                                              and reporting across all three dimensions of ESG investments
• reviewing Group policies on environmental issues, human rights,             (environmental, social and governance), with particular focus on the
  and other topics as they relate to social responsibility.                   Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, GRI Standards and Task Force on
Members                                   Membership status                   Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations;
Anastasios I. Leventis (Chair)            Member since 2016                 • assessment of emerging trends in sustainability and potential
                                          Chair since 2016                    implications for Coca-Cola HBC, particularly in the areas
Alexandra Papalexopoulou                  Member since 2016                   of relevant UN SDGs.
José Octavio Reyes                        Member since 2014
108     COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report



Driving long-term
performance
Letter from the Chair of the                                              As the Chair of the Remuneration Committee, I am pleased to present
                                                                          our Directors’ Remuneration Report for the year ended 31 December
Remuneration Committee                                                    2019. Our primary listing is on the London Stock Exchange, and our
                                                                          Company is domiciled in Switzerland. We therefore ensure that we
                                                                          comply fully with UK regulations, except where these conflict with
                                                                          Swiss law. The format of this year’s Remuneration Report is consistent
                                                                          with the format of last year’s as there were no significant changes in
                                                                          relevant regulations or internal policies, except for changes driven by
                                                                          the UK Corporate Governance Code and by evolving business realities.
                                                                          As always, I welcome your feedback and suggestions regarding
                                                                          anything we can do to improve the report further.
                                                                          The Group’s remuneration philosophy and policies are designed to
                                                                          attract, motivate and retain the talented people we need to meet the
                                                                          Company’s strategic objectives, and to give them due recognition.
                                                                          To this end, the Remuneration Committee has worked to ensure that
                                                                          the remuneration policy of the Group remains fair, transparent and
                                                                          competitive in comparison with our peers, and that remuneration
      Highlights this year                                                helps drive our growth strategy and sustainable performance.
      • Changes to our remuneration policy to align
        with governance developments and to take into                     2019 performance outcomes
        account feedback received as part of our ongoing                  In 2019, we delivered another year of strong growth, with the business
        engagement with shareholders and proxy advisers.                  recording its highest ever volume and comparable EBIT. We are
                                                                          delighted to announce strong results for the 2019 financial year,
                                                                          delivering net sales revenue growth of 4.4% on a currency-neutral
Dear Shareholder                                                          basis, volume growth of 3.3% with positive performance in all
                                                                          segments and our comparable EBIT margin improved this year
2019 was another year of very good
                                                                          to 10.8%. We have continued to improve our cost efficiency with
performance. In light of our evolving business                            operating expenditure (as a % of revenue) reaching 26.9%. We also
strategy, changes to the UK Corporate                                     saw an improvement in our overall ROIC performance, to 14.2% this
Governance Code and investor feedback,                                    year (up from 13.7% in 2018). This performance demonstrates
we have made changes to the remuneration                                  considerable momentum as we enter 2020.
policy to incentivise the balance between                                 The table below illustrates Company performance achieved against
growth and profitability as appropriate.                                  key performance indicators, and highlights the key business indicators
                                                                          that are used in our Management Incentive Plan (MIP) and Performance
                                                                          Share Plan (PSP) variable pay schemes.




COMPARABLE GROSS PROFIT                NET SALES REVENUE (€m)             COMPARABLE EPS (€)                   FREE CASH FLOW (€m)
MARGIN (%)
                                       7,026                              1.436                                443
37.7%                                  (2018: 6,657)                      (2018: 1.306)                        (2018: 370)
(2018: 37.9%)


COMPARABLE EBIT (€m)                   COMPARABLE OPERATING               ROIC                                 VOLUME (m unit cases)

759                                    EXPENSE AS % OF NSR
                                       (excl. DME)                        14.2%                                2,265
                                       24.7%
(2018: 681)                                                               (2018: 13.7%)                        (2018: 2,192)

                                       (2018: 25.0%)

  Included in MIP    Included in PSP   Other key performance indicators
                                                                                                             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     109
                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                     SSR

                                                                                                                                                     SI




Applying the remuneration policy for Directors in 2019                    Looking ahead
In accordance with our remuneration policy, the base salary of the        The Remuneration Committee will continue to keep policies under
Chief Executive Officer is reviewed annually. In 2019, the Committee      review so as to ensure that plans and programmes relating to
approved a base salary increase of 5.3% to €790,000, effective            remuneration support the Company’s strategy and are closely linked
1 May 2019.                                                               to shareholders’ interests. We value the dialogue with shareholders
                                                                          and welcome views on this Remuneration Report. We were pleased
Our sustained business performance in 2019 has resulted in a payout
                                                                          with the positive vote for the Company’s remuneration policy and the
of 72% of base salary under the Management Incentive Plan (MIP) for
                                                                          Annual Report on Remuneration at the 2019 Annual General Meeting,
the CEO, equivalent to an award of 56% of maximum MIP opportunity.
                                                                          and hope we will have your support again in 2020.
This reflects solid Company performance, with gross profit margin,
comparable EBIT and net sales revenue between target and maximum,         The Committee is mindful of the evolution in corporate governance
and operating expenses ratio between threshold and target levels.         requirements and will continue to review the application of this as it
                                                                          relates to aspects of remuneration.
We continue to be committed to disclosing MIP targets retrospectively
and you will find the 2019 performance targets and outcomes
reported on page 122.
                                                                          The role of the Remuneration Committee
                                                                          The main responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are to
Three-year EPS and ROIC performance to the end of 2019 resulted
                                                                          establish the remuneration strategy for the Group and to approve
in a vesting level of 75% of the maximum PSP award granted in 2017.
                                                                          compensation packages for Directors and senior management.
Details of the targets and outcomes are explained on page 124.
                                                                          Further, the Committee reviews wider workforce remuneration
                                                                          policies at Coca-Cola HBC and the alignment of incentives and
Changes in 2019
                                                                          rewards with strategy and culture, taking these into account when
The Remuneration Committee performed its regular annual review of         setting the remuneration policy. The Remuneration Committee
the Group’s remuneration policy in 2019. To ensure that the policy        operates under the Charter for the Committees of the Board of the
remains fit for purpose and ensures the alignment of management           Company set forth in Annex C to the Organisational Regulations
with our business strategy and shareholders’ interests, changes to        of the Company, available on the Group’s website at: https://
the remuneration policy were formulated. The proposed changes take        coca-colahellenic.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/
into account feedback received as part of our ongoing engagement          board-committees/
with our shareholders and proxy advisers. The amended remuneration        Members                                   Membership status
policy will be put to shareholders’ vote at our 2020 Annual General       Alexandra Papalexopoulou (Chair)          Member since 2015
Meeting. The key changes to the policy (detailed on pages 112 to 114)                                               Chair since June 2016
include:                                                                  Reto Francioni                            Appointed June 2016
• The timing of annual salary review determination which is brought       Charlotte J. Boyle                        Appointed June 2017
  forward so that disclosure can be included on a forward-looking
  basis in each year’s remuneration report.                               In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the
                                                                          Remuneration Committee consists of three independent non-
• For any new Executive Director, employee contributions in the
                                                                          Executive Directors: Alexandra Papalexopoulou (Chair), Charlotte
  pension scheme will be required, to align the scheme with that of
                                                                          Boyle and Reto Francioni, who were each elected by the shareholders
  the wider Swiss workforce. Pension contribution levels for the CEO
                                                                          for a one-year term on 18 June 2019. The Remuneration Committee
  are already aligned with those for our Swiss workforce, as defined by
                                                                          met four times in 2019; in March, June, September and December.
  Swiss legislation.
                                                                          Please refer to the ‘Governance in action’ section of the Corporate
• The use of straight-line vesting between threshold and maximum
                                                                          Governance Report on page 83 for details on the Remuneration
  performance levels for PSP awards to be introduced from 2020.
                                                                          Committee meetings.
• In the case of retirement, time pro-rating of PSP awards to be
  applied (in line with the requirements of Swiss law). Post-vesting
  holding periods to continue to apply to unvested awards at the time
  of retirement.
• Expanded explanation of the potential scenarios in which malus /
  clawback provisions might be applied for incentive arrangements.        ALEXANDRA PAPALEXOPOULOU
• The Remuneration Committee will have discretion to reduce or            CHAIR OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
  negate PSP award vesting, in case of significant adverse
  Environmental, Social or Governance impacts regarding the
  Company’s activities.
• An increase in the required shareholding level for the CEO to 300%
  of base salary.
110    COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued


Remuneration throughout the organisation – a snapshot

                 Attracting                                                                   Recognising
                 Finding the people we want and need                                          Adopting behaviours that produce exceptional performance

                 Retaining                                                                    Motivating
                 Continuing to attract the best talent                                        Achieving financial, business and non-financial targets


Reward strategy and objective                                                                   All of our remuneration plans, both fixed and variable, are designed to
The objective of the Group’s remuneration philosophy is to attract,                             be cost-effective, taking into account market practice, business
retain and motivate employees who are curious, agile and committed                              performance, and individual performance and experience where
to perform. Our reward strategy seeks to promote a growth mindset                               relevant. We pay close attention to our shareholders’ views in
and reinforce desirable behaviours, ensuring that employees are fairly                          reviewing our remuneration policy and programmes.
rewarded and that their individual contributions are linked to the                              In line with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the following factors,
success of the Company.                                                                         which align well with our objectives, were also considered:
Variable pay is an important element of our reward philosophy.                                  • clarity and simplicity: we believe that our policy provides
A significant proportion of total remuneration for top managers                                   transparency for executives and shareholders about what
(including the Chief Executive Officer and the members of the                                     performance we are looking for across our portfolio;
Operating Committee) is tied to the achievement of our business                                 • risk: we note the reputational and other risks that can result from
objectives. These objectives are defined by key business metrics that                             excessive rewards and believe that our robust target-setting and
are consistent with our growth strategy and will deliver long-term                                long history of applying discretion to performance outcome
shareholder value. The variable pay element increases or decreases,                               addresses this;
based on the achieved business performance. Through equity-related                              • predictability and proportionality: we believe that the link between
long-term compensation, we seek to ensure that the financial                                      individual awards, the delivery of strategy and the long-term
interests of the Chief Executive Officer, the members of the Operating                            performance of the Company is clearly explained in this report and
Committee and top managers are aligned with those of shareholders.                                that our approach ensures proportionate pay outcomes that do not
                                                                                                  reward poor performance; and
                                                                                                • alignment to culture: we want our executives to make decisions
                                                                                                  for the long-term performance and health of the business.

How we implement our reward strategy
The chart below illustrates how we put our reward strategy into practice, with the different remuneration arrangements that apply to different
employee groups.

         Chief Executive                  Chief Executive Officer,                Selected middle and                       All                    All employees
      Officer and Operating             Operating Committee and                   senior management                     management
           Committee                   selected senior management




            Shareholding                          Performance                                Long-                        Management               Employee Share
               guidelines                          Share Plan                                Term                           Incentive                 Purchase Plan
              Support the                      Performance share                          Incentive                             Plan           (dependent on country
            alignment with                   awards vest over three                           Plan                        Management                     practice)
              shareholder                    years. PSP awards are                           Cash                      employees may be           The Employee Share
          interests ensuring                cascaded down to select                      long-term                    eligible to receive an          Purchase Plan
              sustainable                       senior managers,                           incentive                award under the annual         encourages share
             performance:                     promoting a focus on                      awards vest                      bonus scheme.         ownership and aligns the
       Chief Executive Officer              long-term performance                    over three years.              Performance conditions           interests of our
      – required to hold shares               and aligning them to                   LTIP awards are                 are bespoke to the role   employees with those of
      in the Company equal in               shareholders’ interests.                cascaded down to                    and business unit.            shareholders.
           value to 300% of                                                         select middle and                                           Fixed pay and benefits
          annual base salary                                                       senior management                                                   (base salary,
           within a five-year                                                          to promote a                                              retirement and other
                period.                                                             high-performance                                            benefits – dependent
               Operating                                                                    culture.                                             on country practice)
              Committee                                                                                                                        Base salaries may reflect
          – required to hold                                                                                                                   the market value of each
             shares in the                                                                                                                         role as well as the
          Company equal in                                                                                                                     individual’s performance
           value to 100% of                                                                                                                           and potential.
          annual base salary                                                                                                                     Retirement and other
           within a five-year                                                                                                                    benefits are subject to
                period.                                                                                                                          local market practice.



Note: Participants in the Performance Share Plan are not eligible to participate in the Long-Term Incentive Plan.
                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     111
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

Remuneration arrangements for the Chief Executive Officer – at a glance                                                                                  SI
The table below summarises the remuneration arrangements in place for our Chief Executive Officer. See page 121 for total compensation figures.




                   Retirement          Other                                                                                        Total
 Base salary                                               ESPP            +           MIP               PSP              =
                    benefits          benefits                                                                                   compensation


                                                                                        Variable pay subject
                              Fixed pay
                                                                                         to performance


 Pay element                               Detail

 Base salary                               The base salary of the Chief Executive Officer is €790,000.
                                           The salary is reviewed annually and any increase is typically effective 1 May each year.

 Retirement benefits                       The Chief Executive Officer participates in a defined benefit pension plan under Swiss law.
                                           Employer contributions are 15% of annual base salary.

 Other benefits                            Other benefits include (but are not limited to) medical insurance, housing allowance, company car/
                                           allowance, cost of living adjustment, trip allowance, partner allowance, exchange rate protection,
                                           tax equalisation and tax filing support and advice. Benefit levels vary each year depending on need.

 ESPP                           The Chief Executive Officer may participate in the Company’s Employee Share Purchase Plan.
 (Employee Share Purchase Plan) As a scheme participant, the Chief Executive Officer has the opportunity to invest a portion of his
                                           base salary and/or MIP payments in shares. The Company matches employee contributions on a
                                           one-to-one basis up to 3% of base salary and/or MIP payout.
                                           Awards are subject to potential application of malus and clawback provisions.

 MIP                                       The MIP consists of a maximum annual bonus opportunity of up to 130% of base salary.
 (Management Incentive Plan)               Payout is based on business performance targets (up to 120% of base salary) and individual
                                           performance (up to 10% of base salary).
                                           No bonus will be paid out if the Chief Executive Officer has achieved less than 50% of his individual
                                           objectives.
                                           50% of any MIP payout will be deferred into shares for a further three-year period.
                                           Payments are subject to potential application of malus and clawback provisions.

 PSP                                       The PSP is an annual share award which vests after three years and is subject to two equally
 (Performance Share Plan)                  weighted performance conditions:
                                           (i) comparable earnings per share (EPS); and
                                           (ii) return on invested capital (ROIC), each measured over a three-year period.
                                           An additional two-year holding period will apply following vesting.
                                           Awards are subject to potential application of malus and clawback provisions.
112   COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued


Remuneration policy
Introduction
The following section (pages 112 to 114) sets out our Directors’ remuneration policy. To ensure that remuneration is structured in a way that
attracts, motivates and retains the talented people we need to achieve the Company’s strategic objectives and gives them due recognition,
whilst driving sustainable performance and also being in line with corporate governance requirements, we have proposed some changes to
the remuneration policy for 2020. The proposed changes take into account feedback received as part of our ongoing engagement with our
shareholders and proxy advisers. The amended remuneration policy will be put to shareholder approval at our 2020 Annual General Meeting.
As a Swiss-incorporated Company, we are not required to put forward our remuneration policy for a shareholder vote, but we intend to do so
voluntarily at least every three years, or when there are changes. We continue to endeavour to make sure that our disclosure complies fully with
UK regulations, except when these conflict with Swiss law.

Policy table – Chief Executive Officer
The Company currently has a single Executive Director, being the Chief Executive Officer. Therefore, for simplicity, this section refers only to the
Chief Executive Officer. This remuneration policy would, however, apply for any new Executive Director role, in the event that one were created
during the term of this remuneration policy. In that case, references in this section to the Chief Executive Officer should be read as being to each
Executive Director.


 Fixed
 Base salary                                                                Retirement benefits
 Purpose and link to strategy                                               Purpose and link to strategy
 To provide a fixed level of compensation appropriate to the                To provide competitive, cost-effective post-retirement benefits.
 requirements of the role of Chief Executive Officer and to support         Operation
 the attraction and retention of the talent able to deliver the             The Chief Executive Officer participates in a defined benefit pension
 Group’s strategy.                                                          plan under Swiss law. Until 2019, there was no obligation for
 Operation                                                                  employee contributions. However, we will adapt the pension
 Salary is reviewed annually, with salary changes normally effective        scheme to be co-contributory, in line with the pension scheme for
 on 1 May each year.                                                        the wider Swiss workforce, for new Executive Directors’
 The following parameters are considered when reviewing base                appointments from 2020 onwards.
 salary level:                                                              Normal retirement age for the Chief Executive Officer’s plan is
 • the Chief Executive Officer’s performance, skills                        65 years. In case of early retirement, which is possible from the age
    and responsibilities;                                                   of 58, the Chief Executive Officer is entitled to receive the amount
 • economic conditions and performance trends;                              accrued under the plan as a lump sum.
 • experience of the Chief Executive Officer;                               Malus and clawback provisions do not apply to retirement benefits.
 • pay increases for other employees; and                                   Maximum opportunity
 • external comparisons based on factors such as: the industry              The contributions to the pension plan are calculated as a
    of the business, revenue, market capitalisation, headcount,             percentage of annual base salary (excluding any incentive payments
    geographical footprint, stock exchange listing (FTSE) and other         or other allowance/benefits provided) based on age brackets as
    European companies.                                                     defined by Federal Swiss legislation.
 Malus and clawback provisions do not apply to base salary.                 This percentage is currently 15% of base salary and increases to
 Maximum opportunity                                                        18% for age above 55.
 Whilst there is no maximum salary level, any increases awarded to          Performance metrics
 the Chief Executive Officer will normally be broadly aligned with the      None.
 broader employee population.
 The salary increase made to the Chief Executive Officer may
 exceed the average salary increase under certain circumstances at
 the Remuneration Committee’s discretion. For example, this may
 include: business and individual performance; material changes to
 the business; internal promotions; accrual of experience; changes
 to the role; or other material factors.
 Performance metrics
 Individual and business performance are key factors when
 determining any base salary changes.
 The annual base salary for the Chief Executive Officer is set out
 on page 111.
                                                                                                          INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      113
                                                                                                                                                   SR

                                                                                                                                                   CG

                                                                                                                                                   FS

                                                                                                                                                   SSR


Other benefits                                                         ESPP (Employee Share Purchase Plan)                                         SI

Purpose and link to strategy                                           Purpose and link to strategy
To provide benefits to the Chief Executive Officer which are           The ESPP is an Employee Share Purchase Plan, encouraging
consistent with market practice.                                       broader share ownership, and is intended to align the interests
Operation                                                              of employees and the Chief Executive Officer with those of
Benefit provisions are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee          the shareholders.
which has the discretion to recommend the introduction of              Operation
additional benefits where appropriate.                                 This is a voluntary share purchase scheme across many of the
Typical provisions for the Chief Executive Officer include benefits    Group’s countries. The Chief Executive Officer as a scheme
related to relocation such as housing allowance, company car/          participant has the opportunity to invest from 1% to 15% of his
allowance, cost of living adjustment, trip allowance, partner          base salary and/or MIP payout to purchase Company’s shares by
allowance, exchange rate protection, tax equalisation and tax filing   contributing to the plan on a monthly basis.
support and advice. For all benefits, the Company will bear any        The Company matches the Chief Executive Officer’s contributions
income tax and social security contributions arising from such         on a one-to-one basis up to 3% of the employee’s base salary
payments.                                                              and/or MIP payout. Matching contributions are used to purchase
Malus and clawback provisions do not apply to benefits.                shares one year after the matching. Matching shares are
Maximum opportunity                                                    immediately vested.
There is no defined maximum as the cost to the Company                 Dividends received in respect of shares held under the ESPP are
of providing such benefits will vary from year to year.                used to purchase additional shares and are immediately vested.
Performance metrics                                                    The Chief Executive Officer is eligible to participate in the ESPP
None.                                                                  operated by the Company on the same basis as other employees.
                                                                       Malus and clawback provisions apply. Further details may be found
                                                                       in the Additional notes to the remuneration policy table section
                                                                       on page 116.
                                                                       Maximum opportunity
                                                                       Maximum investment is 15% of gross base salary and MIP payout.
                                                                       The Company matches contributions up to 3% of gross base salary
                                                                       and MIP payout. Matching contributions are used to purchase
                                                                       shares after one year from the matching. Matching shares are
                                                                       immediately vested.
                                                                       Performance metrics
                                                                       The value is directly linked to the share price performance.
                                                                       It is therefore not affected by other performance criteria.

Variable pay
MIP (Management Incentive Plan)                                        PSP (Performance Share Plan)
Purpose and link to strategy                                           Purpose and link to strategy
To support profitable growth and reward annually for contribution      To align the Chief Executive Officer’s interests with the interests
to business performance. The plan aims to promote a high-              of shareholders, and increase the ability of the Group to attract
performance culture with stretching individual and business targets    and reward individuals with exceptional skills.
linked to our key strategies.                                          Operation
Operation                                                              The Chief Executive Officer is granted conditional awards of shares
Annual cash bonus awarded under the MIP is subject to business         which vest after three years, subject to the achievement of
and individual performance metrics and is non-pensionable.             performance metrics and continued service. Grants take place
The Chief Executive Officer’s individual objectives are regularly      annually, normally every March.
reviewed to ensure relevance to business strategy and are set and      Performance metrics and the associated targets are reviewed and
approved annually by the Chair of the Remuneration Committee           determined around the beginning of each performance period to
and Chairman of the Board of Directors.                                ensure that they support the long-term strategies and objectives
Stretching targets for business performance are set annually, based    of the Group and are aligned with shareholders’ interests.
on the business plan of the Group as approved by the Board of          Dividends may be paid on vested shares where the performance
Directors.                                                             metrics are achieved at the end of the three-year period.
Performance against these targets and bonus outcomes is                Malus and clawback provisions apply. Further details may be found
assessed by the Remuneration Committee, which may                      in the Additional notes to the remuneration policy table section
recommend an adjustment to the payout level where it considers         on page 116.
the overall performance of the Company or the individual’s
contribution warrants a higher or lower outcome.
Malus and clawback provisions apply. Further details may be found
in the Additional notes to the remuneration policy table section
on page 116.
114   COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued


 Variable pay continued
 MIP (Management Incentive Plan)                                       PSP (Performance Share Plan)
 Maximum opportunity                                                   Maximum opportunity
 The Chief Executive Officer’s maximum MIP opportunity is set          Awards (normally) have a face value up to 330% of base salary.
 at 130% of annual base salary.                                        In exceptional circumstances only, the Remuneration Committee
 Threshold, target and maximum bonus opportunity levels are as         has the discretion to grant awards up to 450% of base salary.
 follows:                                                              Performance metrics
 • Threshold: 5% of base salary                                        Vesting of awards is subject to the three-year Group performance
 • Target: 70% of base salary                                          metrics based on two equally-weighted measures which have been
 • Maximum: 130% of base salary                                        selected as they are aligned to long-term growth and also measure
 • Maximum payout is based on business performance targets             the efficient use of capital, both of which are aligned to our
    (up to 120% of salary) and individual performance (up to 10%       strategic plan: comparable earnings per share (comparable EPS); and
    of salary)                                                         the percentage of comparable net profit excluding net finance costs
 Performance metrics                                                   divided by the capital employed (ROIC). Capital employed is
 The MIP awards are based on business metrics linked to our            calculated as the average of net debt and shareholders’ equity
 business strategy. These may include but are not limited to           attributable to the owners of the parent through the year.
 measures of revenue, profit, profit margins and operating             Following the end of the three-year period, the Remuneration
 efficiencies. The weighting of individual performance metrics shall   Committee will determine the extent to which performance metrics
 be determined by the Remuneration Committee around the                have been met and, in turn, the level of vesting. Participants may
 beginning of the MIP performance period.                              receive vested awards in the form of shares or a cash equivalent.
 Details related to the key performance indicators and individual      For both performance metrics, achieving threshold performance
 objectives can be found in the Annual Report on Remuneration          results in vesting of 25% of the award and maximum performance
 on page 123.                                                          results in vesting of 100% of the award. There will be a straight-line
 Deferral of MIP                                                       vesting between these performance levels for awards made
 50% of any MIP award is to be deferred into shares which will be      from 2020.
 made available after a three-year deferral period which commences     Performance share awards will lapse if the Remuneration Committee
 on the first day on the fiscal year in which the deferred share       determines that the performance metrics have not been met. The
 award is made.                                                        Remuneration Committee will have discretion to reduce or negate
 Deferred shares may be subject to malus and clawback (for a period    PSP award vesting, in case of significant adverse Environmental,
 of two years following this incentive award) to the extent deemed     Social or Governance impacts regarding the Company’s activities.
 appropriate by the Remuneration Committee, in line with               Holding period
 best practice.                                                        Any vested award (net of shares sold to cover tax liability) is subject to
                                                                       a further two-year holding period following the end of the three-year
                                                                       performance period. During this two-year period, these beneficially
                                                                       owned shares are subject to a no sale commitment. Any shares
                                                                       subject to the holding period count towards the shareholding
                                                                       requirement.
                                                                       Adjustments
                                                                       In the event of an equity restructuring, the Remuneration
                                                                       Committee may make an equitable adjustment to the terms of the
                                                                       performance share award by adjusting the number and kind of shares
                                                                       which have been granted or may be granted and/or making provision
                                                                       for payment of cash in respect of any outstanding performance
                                                                       share award.
                                                                       Change of control
                                                                       In the event of change of control, unvested performance share
                                                                       awards held by participants vest immediately on a pro-rated basis
                                                                       if the Remuneration Committee determines that the performance
                                                                       metrics have been satisfied or would have been likely to be satisfied
                                                                       at the end of the performance period, unless the Remuneration
                                                                       Committee determines that substitute performance share awards
                                                                       may be used in place of the previous awards. For vested shares
                                                                       subject to the additional holding period, the holding period will
                                                                       lapse and the participants are no longer subject to the no
                                                                       sale commitment.
                                                                                                                                      INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019              115
                                                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                                                       SSR

Additional notes to the Executive Director’s remuneration policy table                                                                                                                 SI

Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration policy illustration
The graph below provides estimates of the potential reward opportunity for the Chief Executive Officer and the split between the three different
elements of remuneration under three different performance scenarios: ‘Minimum’, ‘Target’ and ‘Maximum’. In line with the reporting regulations,
a scenario assuming 50% share price growth over the three-year PSP performance period is also shown below. The assumptions used for these
charts are set out in the table below (€ 000s).

          Maximum                                       2%
performance +50%                      12%          8%                      16%                                                       41%                           21% 6,351
 share price growth
                                                        2%
             Maximum                  16%        10%                       20%                                                       52% 5,047

                                                        4%
                Target                23%        15%            16%                             42% 3,386

                                                        9%
             Minimum                  57%       34%       1,382

  Base pay       Cash and non-cash beneﬁts           Pension       MIP       PSP      PSP – share price appreciation


Minimum performance                                                      Fixed remuneration only, i.e. base salary, pension and other benefits
                                                                         (including ESPP participation).
                                                                         No payout under the MIP or PSP.
Target performance                                                       Fixed remuneration.
                                                                         MIP payout of 70% of base salary.
                                                                         PSP vesting at 181.5% of base salary.
Maximum performance                                                      Fixed remuneration.
                                                                         MIP payout of 130% of base salary.
                                                                         PSP vesting at 330% of base salary.
Maximum performance + 50% share price growth                             Fixed remuneration.
                                                                         MIP payout of 130% of base salary.
                                                                         PSP vesting at 330% of base salary.
                                                                         50% assumed share price growth over three-year PSP performance period.
Other than the ‘Maximum scenario + 50% share price growth’, no share price growth or dividend assumptions have been included in the charts above.
                                                                                                                                                       Maximum performance + 50%
                    Component                                    Minimum (€ 000s)            Target (€ 000s)              Maximum (€ 000s)             share price growth (€ 000’s)
Fixed               Base salary1                       €790                                  €790                         €790                         €790
                    Pension                            €119                                  €119                         €119                         €119
                    Cash and non-cash benefits2        €473                                  €490                         €504                         €504
Variable            MIP                                –                                     €553                         €1,027                       €1,027
                    PSP                                –                                     €1,434                       €2,607                       €2,607
                    PSP – 50% share price appreciation –                                     –                            –                            €1,304
Total                                                  €1,382                                €3,386                       €5,047                       €6,351
1. Represents the annual base salary as at 1 May 2019.
2. ESPP employer contributions may vary depending on the MIP payout provided that the Chief Executive Officer decides to contribute a portion of the MIP towards the ESPP.
   The figures provided have been calculated on the basis of the applicable MIP payout and the Chief Executive Officer deciding to contribute 3% to the ESPP.
116   COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued

ESOP (Employee Stock Option Plan)
The ESOP was replaced by the PSP in 2015 and the last grant under the ESOP took place in December 2014. Although the Remuneration
Committee does not intend to award under the ESOP going forward, there are still outstanding stock option awards which may be exercised in
future years. Awards vest in one-third increments each year for three years and can be exercised for up to 10 years from the date of the award.

Malus and clawback provision for variable pay plans
The Committee has reviewed the malus and clawback provisions as part of the policy review. The MIP, PSP, ESOP and ESPP plans include malus
provisions which give the Remuneration Committee and/or the Board discretion to judge that an award should lapse wholly or partly in event
of material misstatement of financial results and/or misconduct, significant reputational risk and corporate failure.
The Remuneration Committee and/or Board also has the discretion to determine that clawback should be applied to awards under the MIP, PSP,
ESOP and ESPP plans for the Chief Executive Officer and members of the Operating Committee. Clawback can potentially be applied to payments
or vested awards for up to a two-year period following the payment or vesting.

Shareholding guidelines
In order to strengthen the link with shareholders’ interests, the Chief Executive Officer is required to hold shares in the Company equal in value to
300% of annual base salary. Members of the Operating Committee are required to hold 100% of annual base salary. The Chief Executive Officer
has five years from appointment to accumulate shares equal to 300% of annual base salary (with shares acquired from PSP awards and shares
resulting from the deferral of the 50% of the MIP counting towards fulfillment of the shareholding requirement). The current Chief Executive
Officer will have an additional two years to meet the increased requirement, from 200% previously. The Committee continues to review the
need for stronger shareholding requirements in the long term and this is subject to further review in the future.

Remuneration arrangements across the Group
The remuneration approach for the Chief Executive Officer, the members of the Operating Committee and senior management is similar.
The Chief Executive Officer’s total remuneration has a significantly higher proportion of variable pay in comparison with the rest of our employees.
The Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration will increase or decrease in line with business performance, aligning it with shareholders’ interests.
The structure of the remuneration package for the wider employee population takes into account local market practice and is intended to
attract and retain the right talent, be competitive and remunerate employees for promoting a growth mindset while contributing to the Group’s
performance. As part of the Performance for Growth framework introduced in 2019, we have revised and updated the remuneration framework
with features such as each business unit having more flexibility on target positioning, managers having the flexibility to retain key talents and
guidance provided for increased award for high-potential and/or exceptional performance.

Policy table – non-Executive Directors
Base fees
Purpose and link to strategy
To provide a fixed level of compensation appropriate to the requirements of the role of non-Executive Director and to attract and retain
high-quality non-Executive Directors with the right talent, values and skills necessary to provide oversight and support to management to grow
the business, support the Company’s strategic framework and maximise shareholder value.
Operation
Non-Executive Directors’ pay is set at a level that will not call into question the objectivity of the Board. When considering market levels,
comparable companies typically include those in the FTSE index with similar positioning as the Company, other Swiss companies with similar
market capitalisation and/or revenues, and other relevant European listed companies.
Maximum opportunity
Fee levels for non-Executive Directors include an annual fixed fee plus additional fees for membership of Board committees when applicable,
as summarised below:
• Base non-Executive Director’s fee: €73,500
• Senior Independent Director’s fee: €15,800
• Audit and Risk Committee Chair fee: €28,900
• Audit and Risk Committee member fee: €14,500
• Remuneration, Nomination and Social Responsibility Chair fees: €11,600
• Remuneration, Nomination and Social Responsibility member fees: €5,800
Fee levels are subject to periodic review and approval by the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer.
Other benefits
Non-Executive Directors do not receive any benefits in cash or in kind. They are not entitled to severance payments in the event of termination
of their appointment. They are entitled to reimbursement of all reasonable expenses incurred in the interests of the Group.
Variable remuneration
Non-Executive Directors do not receive any form of variable compensation.
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019         117
                                                                                                                                                              SR

                                                                                                                                                              CG

                                                                                                                                                              FS

                                                                                                                                                              SSR

Legacy arrangements                                                                                                                                           SI
For the avoidance of doubt, it is noted that the Company will honour any commitments entered into that have previously been disclosed
to shareholders.

Policy on recruitment/appointment
Executive Directors
Annual base salary arrangements for the appointment of an Executive Director will be set considering market relevance, skills, experience,
internal comparisons and cost. The Remuneration Committee may recommend an appropriate initial annual base salary below relevant market
levels. In such situations, the Remuneration Committee may make a recommendation to realign the level of base salary in the forthcoming
years. As highlighted above, annual base salary ‘gaps’ may result in higher rates of salary increase in the short term, subject to an individual’s
performance. The discretion is retained to offer an annual base salary necessary to meet the individual circumstances of the recruited Executive
Director and to enable the hiring of an individual with the necessary skills and expertise.
The maximum level of variable pay that may be offered will follow the rules of the MIP and is capped at 130% of the relevant individual’s annual
base salary. The maximum level of equity-related pay that may be offered will follow the PSP rules and is capped at 450% of the relevant
individual’s annual base salary. The typical award is not expected to surpass 330% of base salary. Different performance measures may be set
initially for the annual bonus taking into consideration the point in the financial year that a new Executive Director joins. The above limits do not
include the value of any buyout arrangements.
Benefits will be provided in line with those offered according to the Group’s policy for other employees. If an Executive Director is required to
relocate, benefits may be provided as per the Group’s international transfer policy which may include transfer allowance, tax equalisation, tax
advice and support, housing, cost of living, schooling, travel and relocation costs.
The Remuneration Committee may consider recommending the buying out of incentive awards that an individual would forfeit by accepting
the appointment up to an equivalent value in shares or in cash. In the case of a share award, the Remuneration Committee may approve a grant
of shares under the PSP. When deciding on a potential incentive award buyout and in particular the level and value thereof, the Remuneration
Committee will be informed of the time and performance pro-rated level of any forfeited award.
It is expected that Executive Directors appointed during the remuneration policy period will be appointed on similar notice provisions to the
Chief Executive Officer, allowing for termination of office by either party on six months’ notice.

Non-Executive Directors
It is expected that non-Executive Directors appointed during the remuneration policy period will receive the same basic fee and, as appropriate,
committee fee or fees as existing non-Executive Directors and will be entitled to reimbursement of all reasonable expenses incurred in the
interests of the Group.
It is expected that non-Executive Directors appointed during the remuneration policy period will be appointed on a one-year term
of appointment, in the same manner as existing non-Executive Directors.
The Company does not compensate new non-Executive Directors for any forfeited share awards in previous employment.

Termination payments
The Swiss Ordinance against Excessive Compensation in Listed Companies limits the authority of the Remuneration Committee and the Board
to determine compensation. Limitations include the prohibition of certain types of severance compensation.
Our governance framework ensures that the Group uses the right channels to support reward decisions. In the case of early termination,
the non-Executive Directors would be entitled to their fees accrued as of the date of termination, but are not entitled to any additional
compensation. The Chief Executive Officer’s employment contract does not contain any provisions for payments on termination. Notice
periods are set for up to six months and non-compete clauses are 12 months, effective in 2019. The notice period anticipates that up to six
months’ paid garden leave may be provided. Similarly, up to 12 months of base salary may be paid out in relation to the non-compete period.
In case of future terminations, payments will be made in accordance with the termination policy on page 118.
118    COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued

                             Good leaver
                             (retirement at 55 or later/at          Good leaver                     Bad leaver
Pay element                  least 10 years’ continued service)     (injury, disability)            (resignation, dismissal)        Death in service
Base salary and              Payment in lieu of notice is not permissible. The Company could ask the Chief Executive Officer to be on paid garden
other benefits /             leave for up to six months.
non-Executive
Directors’ fees
ESPP                         Unvested cash allocations held in the ESPP will vest                   Unvested cash allocations       Available ESPP shares will
                             upon termination.                                                      under the ESPP are forfeited.   be transferred to heirs.
MIP                          A pro-rated payout as of     A pro-rated payout as of the              In the event of resignation     A pro-rated payout will
                             the date of retirement will  date of leaving will be applied.          or dismissal, as per Swiss      be applied and will be paid
                             be applied.                                                            Law, the Chief Executive        immediately to heirs,
                                                          Deferred shares will continue
                                                                                                    Officer is entitled to a        based on the latest
                             Deferred shares will                   to vest as normal.
                                                                                                    pro-rated MIP payout.           rolling estimate.
                             continue to vest as normal.
                                                                                                    Any outstanding deferred        Deferred shares will
                                                                                                    shares will lapse.              continue to vest as normal.
PSP/ESOP                     All unvested options and               All unvested options and        All unvested options and        All unvested options and
                             performance share awards               performance share awards        performance share awards        performance share awards
                             continue to vest as normal             immediately vest to the         immediately lapse without       immediately vest subject to
                             subject to time pro-rating             extent that the                 any compensation.               time and performance
                             and are subject to the                 Remuneration Committee                                          pro-rating.
                                                                                                  In the event of resignation, all
                             additional holding period1.            determines that the           vested options must be           Any options that vest are
                                                                    performance conditions        exercised within six months exercisable within 12
                             For vested shares that are
                                                                    have been met, or are likely  from the date of termination. months from the date of
                             subject to the additional
                                                                    to be met at the end of the                                    termination.
                             holding period, they will                                            Upon dismissal, all vested
                                                                    three-year performance
                             continue to be subject to                                            options must be exercised        For vested shares that are
                                                                    period and are subject to the
                             the no-sale commitment                                               within 30 days from the date subject to the additional
                                                                    additional holding period.
                             until the end of the relevant                                        of termination.                  holding period, the no-sale
                             two-year period.                       Any options that vest are                                      commitment will cease
                                                                    exercisable within 12 months For vested shares that are        immediately.
                             Under Swiss law, share
                                                                    from the date of termination. subject to the additional
                             awards are considered                                                holding period, they will        Under Swiss law, share
                             annual compensation and                For vested shares that are    continue to be subject to the awards are considered
                             as such when time                      subject to the additional     no-sale commitment until         annual compensation and
                             pro-rating is required, the            holding period, they will     the end of the relevant          as such when time
                             year of grant (12 months)              continue to be subject to the two-year period.                 pro-rating is required, the
                             and not the vesting period             no-sale commitment until                                       year of grant (12 months)
                             (36 months) for time                   the end of the relevant                                        and not the vesting period
                             pro-rating calculations is             two-year period.                                               (36 months) for time
                             considered.                                                                                           pro-rating calculations
                                                                                                                                   is considered.
1. Applicable to any retirement of an Executive Director which takes place after 2020.


Corporate events
In the event of an equity restructuring, the Remuneration Committee may make an equitable adjustment to the terms of the performance
share award by adjusting the number and kind of shares that have been granted or may be granted and/or making provision for payment of cash
in respect of any outstanding performance share award.
In the event of a change of control, unvested performance share awards held by participants vest immediately on a pro-rated basis if the
Remuneration Committee determines that the performance condition(s) have been satisfied or would have been likely to be satisfied at the
end of the performance period, unless the Remuneration Committee determines that substitute performance share awards may be used in
place of the previous awards.
                                                                                                                           INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019            119
                                                                                                                                                                          SR

                                                                                                                                                                          CG

                                                                                                                                                                          FS

                                                                                                                                                                          SSR

Service contracts                                                                                                                                                         SI
Zoran Bogdanovic, the Chief Executive Officer, has a service contract with the Company with a six-month notice period. As noted under
Termination payments on page 117, the Chief Executive Officer’s employment contract does not include any termination benefits, other than
as mandated by Swiss law. The Swiss Code of Obligations requires employers to pay severance when an employment relationship ends with
an employee of at least 50 years of age after 20 years or more of service.
The Chief Executive Officer is also entitled to reimbursement of all reasonable expenses incurred in the interests of the Company. In accordance
with the Swiss Ordinance against Excessive Compensation in Listed Companies, there are no sign-on policies/provisions for the appointment
of the Chief Executive Officer.
The table below provides details of the current service contracts and terms of appointment for the Chief Executive Officer and other Directors.
                                                                                                                                     Unexpired term of service contract
                                                                     Date originally appointed to the   Date appointed to the        or appointment as non-Executive
Name                                  Title                          Board of the Company               Board of the Company         Director
Anastassis G. David                   Chairman and non‑Executive 27 July 2006                           18 June 2019                 One year
                                      Director
Zoran Bogdanovic                      Chief Executive Officer    11 June 2018                           18 June 2019                 Indefinite, terminable on
                                                                                                                                     six months’ notice
Charlotte J. Boyle                    Non-Executive Director         20 June 2017                       18 June 2019                 One year
Olusola (Sola) David-Borha            Non-Executive Director         24 June 2015                       18 June 2019                 One year
William W. (Bill) Douglas III         Non-Executive Director         21 June 2016                       18 June 2019                 One year
Reto Francioni                        Senior Independent             21 June 2016                       18 June 2019                 One year
                                      non-Executive Director
Anastasios I. Leventis                Non-Executive Director         25 June 2014                       18 June 2019                 One year
Christo Leventis                      Non-Executive Director         25 June 2014                       18 June 2019                 One year
Alexandra Papalexopoulou              Non-Executive Director         24 June 2015                       18 June 2019                 One year
José Octavio Reyes                    Non-Executive Director         25 June 2014                       18 June 2019                 One year
Alfredo Rivera                        Non-Executive Director         18 June 2019                       18 June 2019                 One year
Ryan Rudolph                          Non-Executive Director         21 June 2016                       18 June 2019                 One year
John P. Sechi                         Non-Executive Director         25 June 2014                       18 June 2019                 One year

The Chief Executive Officer’s service contract and the terms and conditions of appointment of the non-Executive Directors are open for
inspection by the public at the registered office of the Group.

Consideration of employee views
The Remuneration Committee does not currently consult specifically with employees on policy for the remuneration of the Chief Executive
Officer. Pay movement for the wider employment group is considered when making pay decisions for the Chief Executive Officer.

Consideration of shareholder views
Shareholder views and the achievement of the Group’s overall business strategies have been taken into account in formulating the remuneration
policy. Following shareholder feedback before and after the Annual General Meeting, the Remuneration Committee and the Board consult with
shareholders and meet with the largest institutional investors to gather feedback on the Company’s remuneration strategy and corporate
governance. The Company would be happy to engage with shareholders in the future to discuss the outcomes of the remuneration policy.
In reviewing and determining remuneration, the Remuneration Committee takes into account the following:
• the business strategies and needs of the Company;
• the views of shareholders on Group policies and programmes of remuneration;
• the alignment of remuneration policy with principles of clarity, simplicity, risk, predictability, proportionality and alignment with culture;
• market comparisons and the positioning of the Group’s remuneration relative to other comparable companies;
• input from employees regarding our remuneration programmes;
• the need for similar, performance-related principles for the determination of executive remuneration and the remuneration of other
  employees; and
• the need for objectivity. Board members, the Chief Executive Officer and Operating Committee members play no part in determining their
  own remuneration. The Chair of the Remuneration Committee and the Chief Executive Officer are not present when the Remuneration
  Committee and the Board discuss matters that pertain to their remuneration.
This ensures that the same performance-setting principles are applied for executive remuneration and other employees in the organisation.
120   COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued


Annual Report on Remuneration
Introduction
This section of the report provides detail on how we have implemented our remuneration policy in 2019 which, in accordance with the UK
remuneration reporting regulations, will be subject to an advisory shareholder vote at our 2020 Annual General Meeting.

Activities of the Remuneration Committee during 2019
During 2019, the key Remuneration Committee activities were to:
• Review and sign off the 2018 Directors’ Remuneration Report;
• Review the 2019 base salary for the Chief Executive Officer;
• Review and approve the 2019 base salaries for the Operating Committee members and general managers;
• Review and approve the 2018 MIP payout for the Chief Executive Officer;
• Review and approve payout levels for the 2018 MIP in relation to Operating Committee members and general managers;
• Review and approve the performance achievement of the 2015 and 2016 PSP awards, number of shares vesting and dividend equivalents
  of the respective plans;
• Set and approve 2019 PSP targets;
• Review award levels for 2019 PSP awards;
• Review the Company’s Irish pension plans;
• Review and approve changes to the Executive Director’s remuneration policy; and
• Review the new leadership and performance framework – Performance for Growth.

Advisers to the Remuneration Committee
The Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Group Human Resources Director, the Group Rewards Director and the General
Counsel regularly attend meetings of the Remuneration Committee.
While the Remuneration Committee does not have external advisers, in 2019 it authorised management to work with external consultancy firm
Willis Towers Watson, to provide independent advice on ad hoc remuneration issues during the year. These services are considered to have
been independent, objective and relevant to the market. Other than employee engagement benchmarking services, Willis Towers Watson does
not provide any other services to the Company. The total cost in connection with this work was €36,123, invoiced on a time spent basis. Willis
Towers Watson is a member of the Remuneration Consultants Group and provides advice in line with its Code of Business Conduct. Considering
this, and the level and nature of the service received, the Committee remains satisfied that the advice is objective and independent.
                                                                                                                                                      INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019                      121
                                                                                                                                                                                                               SR

                                                                                                                                                                                                               CG

                                                                                                                                                                                                               FS

                                                                                                                                                                                                               SSR

Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018                                                                                                                             SI
                                                                                                                                           Social            Senior
                                                                                 Audit and Risk    Remuneration      Nomination      Responsibility    Independent      Social security
                                                                                   Committee         Committee       Committee        Committee            Director     contributions2             Total
                                                Financial year   Base fee1 (€)              (€)              (€)             (€)               (€)              (€)                 (€)              (€)
Anastassis G. David                             FY2019             73,500                –                 –                  –                –              –                  –           73,500
                                                FY2018             73,500                –                 –                  –                –              –                  –           73,500
Ahmet C. Bozer3                                 FY2019             36,750                –                 –                  –                –              –                  –           36,750
                                                FY2018             73,500                –                 –                  –                –              –                  –           73,500
Charlotte J. Boyle                              FY2019             73,500                –             5,800              5,800                –              –                  –           85,100
                                                FY2018             73,500                –             5,800              5,800                –              –                  –           85,100
Olusola (Sola) David-Borha                      FY2019             73,500           14,500                 –                  –                –              –              7,001           95,001
                                                FY2018             73,500           14,500                 –                  –                –              –              7,001           95,001
William W. (Bill) Douglas lll                   FY2019             73,500           28,900                 –                  –                –              –                  –          102,400
                                                FY2018             73,500           28,900                 –                  –                –              –                  –          102,400
Reto Francioni                                  FY2019             73,500                –             5,800             11,600                –         15,800              8,489          115,189
                                                FY2018             73,500                –             5,800             11,600                –         15,800              8,489          115,189
Anastasios I. Leventis                          FY2019             73,500                –                 –                  –           11,600              –                  –           85,100
                                                FY2018             73,500                –                 –                  –           11,600              –                  –           85,100
Christo Leventis                                FY2019             73,500                –                 –                  –                –              –                  –           73,500
                                                FY2018             73,500                –                 –                  –                –              –                  –           73,500
Alexandra Papalexopoulou                        FY2019             73,500                –            11,600              5,800            5,800              –                  –           96,700
                                                FY2018             73,500                –            11,600              5,800            5,800              –                  –           96,700
José Octavio Reyes                              FY2019             73,500                –                 –                  –            5,800              –              4,400           83,700
                                                FY2018             73,500                –                 –                  –            5,800              –              4,434           83,734
Alfredo Rivera4                                 FY2019             36,750                –                 –                  –                –              –                  –           36,750
                                                FY2018                  –                –                 –                  –                –              –                  –                –
Ryan Rudolph                                    FY2019             73,500                –                 –                  –                –              –              5,848           79,348
                                                FY2018             73,500                –                 –                  –                –              –              5,848           79,348
John P. Sechi                                   FY2019             73,500           14,500                 –                  –                –              –                  –           88,000
                                                FY2018             73,500           14,500                 –                  –                –              –                  –           88,000
1. Non-Executive Director fees for 2019 are in line with the fees that were revised in 2018.
2. Social security employer contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
3. Ahmet C. Bozer retired from the Board of Directors on 18 June 2019. The Group has applied a half-year period base fee.
4. Alfredo Rivera was appointed to the Board of Directors on 18 June 2019. The Group has applied a half-year period base fee.

Non-Executive Directors do not participate in any of the Group’s incentive plans, nor do they receive any retirement or other taxable benefits.
Fee levels were reviewed in 2018 to ensure that they remained competitive in relation to comparable companies and an adjustment of 5% was
made. Before this, Non-Executive Director fees were last adjusted in 2016.

Single figure table
Single total figure of remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018
                                                      Cash and non-cash                                Employee Share                                      Retirement
                                    Base pay1             benefits2              Annual bonus3          Purchase Plan4      Long-term incentives5           benefits6              Total single figure
                                     € 000s                 € 000s                  € 000s                  € 000s                 € 000s                    € 000s                     € 000s
                                  2019      2018         2019       2018         2019       2018         2019      2018            2019       2018        2019        2018           2019          2018
Zoran Bogdanovic                  777       750          450        420          572       465            30        32             621     1,919          127         124         2,577         3,710
1. ‘Base pay’ includes the monthly instalments linked to the base salary for 2019.
2. ‘Cash and non-cash benefits’ includes the value of all benefits paid during 2019. These are outlined in the ‘Cash and non-cash benefits’ section below and include any gross-ups for
   the tax benefit.
3. Annual bonus for 2019 includes the MIP payout, receivable early in 2020 for the 2019 performance year, including the amount deferred in shares.
4. ‘Employee Share Purchase Plan’ reflects the value of Company matching share contributions under the ESPP.
5. ‘Long-term incentives’ for 2019 reflects the 2017 awards made under the Performance Share Plan and the dividend equivalent shares paid on PSP shares that will vest in early 2020.
   The number of shares due to vest to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2017 award is 20,288. The Chief Executive Officer will also get 1,088 shares representing the dividend
   equivalents for the awarded shares for 2017, 2018 and 2019. The value reflects the number of shares multiplied by the average market price over the last three months of the
   financial year. The figure will be restated in next year’s report based on the share price at vesting (as has been done for the 2015 and 2016 awards in the 2018 figure above).
   €188,713 of the €620,508 total vested value of the 2017 award was due to increase in share price since date of grant.
6. ‘Retirement benefits’ includes the pension plan under Swiss law. Employer contributions are 15% of annual base salary. The disclosed figure includes also risk and administration
   costs of €10,735.
122    COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued

Fixed pay for 2019

Base salary
In 2019 the Remuneration Committee approved a base salary of €790,000, effective 1 May 2019. When determining the base salary level,
the Remuneration Committee considered alignment and competitiveness versus peers in the FTSE, and the experience of the individual.

Retirement benefits
Zoran Bogdanovic is to receive an annual retirement benefit of 15% of base salary, aligning to the retirement benefit provided under Swiss law
and based on the age brackets defined by federal Swiss legislation. During the year, €127,235 of retirement benefit was received inclusive
of €10,735 for risk and administration costs.

Cash and non-cash benefits
Zoran Bogdanovic received additional benefits during 2019. These included cost of living and foreign exchange rate adjustment (€233,632),
private medical insurance (€11,420), partner allowance (€1,000), home trip allowance (€2,224), tax support (€2,504), company car (€18,153),
housing allowance (€105,952), Company matching contribution related to the ESPP (€30,275 – reflecting the maximum match of 3% under
the plan), tax equalisation (€-30,349), and the value of social security contributions (€105,236).

Variable pay for 2019
MIP performance outcomes – 2019
As outlined above, the annual bonus award in respect of the 2019 financial year for the Chief Executive Officer was €571,960, 72% of base salary.
In accordance with the terms of the MIP, 50% of this will be paid out in March 2020 and the remaining 50% will be deferred into shares for a period
of three years. This bonus reflects the financial and individual performance achieved during the period 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019.
The financial metrics, the associated targets and level of achievement are set below.
MIP payouts are not driven by share price appreciation.
Achievement against the Chief Executive Officer’s individual performance metrics and the respective payout is outlined below.
                                 Objectives                                                                           Assessment
                                                                                                                                                  Payout % of CEO’s
                                                                    Weighting                                                                      annual base salary
Description      Measure of success                                        %     Actual results                                                     (maximum 10%)
Revenue          Grow revenue faster than volume                        20%      Revenue growth (NARTD FX neutral) +4.4% > Transactions                      2.0%
                 and transactions faster than volume                             growth +3.4% > Volume growth +3.3%
Volume           Grow volume in all three segments,                     20%      We grew volume in all three segments: Established                           2.0%
                 Established, Developing and Emerging                            markets +0.8%, Developing markets +0.5%, Emerging
                                                                                 markets +5.7%
Engagement       Maintain the High-Performing Norm                      20%      2019 engagement score: 90 (+2ppts vs. 2018, +1 vs. High                     2.0%
                 Status as per Willis Tower Watson                               Performing Norm, +9ppts vs. FTSE100)
EBIT Margin      Further improve comparable EBIT                        20%      EBIT margin improved by 60 basis points                                     2.0%
                 margin compared to 2018 by 50 basis
                 points or more
Sustainability   Regain Beverage Industry Leadership                    20%      Coca-Cola HBC ranked first in Europe and second on                          2.0%
                 on DJSI either World or Europe                                  a Global level. This makes nine consecutive years in Top 3
                                                                                 in Europe and globally
                                                                                 Total                                                                     10.0%

Achievement against the Group’s business metrics and the respective payout is outlined below.
                                                       Threshold (0%)            Target (15%)                    Maximum (30%)         Payout (% of base salary)

Gross profit margin (%)                                    36.7                       37.4        37.7               39.4                     13.7%

Comparable EBIT (€ m)                                       689                       749          759               809                      21.0%

OpEx % of NSR                                              25.5           24.7        24.2                           21.7                      7.8%

NSR (€ m)                                                  6,434                     6,994               7,026       7,343                    19.7%

                                                                                         Total financial performance measures payout          62.2%
   Threshold     Target       Maximum         Actual

Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) outcomes – 2019
The Remuneration Committee will no longer make awards under this plan. All stock options are fully vested.
                                                                                                                                         INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019                123
                                                                                                                                                                                            SR

                                                                                                                                                                                            CG

                                                                                                                                                                                            FS

                                                                                                                                                                                            SSR

Performance Share Plan (PSP) awards – 2019                                                                                                                                                  SI
The PSP is the primary long-term incentive vehicle. In March 2019, the Chief Executive Officer was granted a performance share award over
82,156 shares under the PSP, representing 330% of base salary at date of grant.
The award is subject to a three-year performance period, aligned to the Company’s financial year, with performance measured to the end of
financial year 2021, and vesting anticipated in March 2022.These vested shares will then be subject to a further two-year holding period, whereby
the Chief Executive Officer agrees to a no-sale commitment during this time.
The following table sets out the details of the performance share award made to the Chief Executive Officer under the PSP for 2019.
Type of award made                                                                      Performance share award over 82,156 1 shares, receivable for nil cost
Share price at date of grant                                                            €30,13 (£26.17)
Date of grant                                                                           13 March 2019
Performance period                                                                      1 January 2019 to 31 December 2021
Face value of the award                                                                 €2,475,000
(The maximum number of shares that would vest if all performance
measures and targets are met, multiplied by the share price
at the date of grant)
Face value of the award as a % of annual base salary                                    330%
Percentage that would be distributed if threshold performance                           25% of maximum award
was achieved in both PSP key performance indicators
Percentage that would be distributed if threshold performance                           12.5% of maximum award
was achieved only in one PSP key performance indicator
1. The number of shares was adjusted as of 5 July 2019 to 87,247 as a result of the 2019 extraordinary dividend. This adjustment was mechanistic in nature to keep PSP participants
   neutral as to the effect of the extraordinary dividend of €2.00 per share.

Similar to the award made in March 2018, the 2019 award was subject to comparable earnings per share (EPS) and return on invested capital
(ROIC), as outlined below.
                                                                                                                                       Threshold                    Maximum
                                                                                                                                                 Vesting                   Vesting (% of
Measure                     Description                                                                             Weighting       Target     (% of max)         Target           max)
Comparable EPS              Calculated by dividing the comparable net profit attributable                              50%           1.62          25%            1.80         100%
                            to the owners of the parent by the weighted average number
                            of outstanding shares during the period.
Return on invested          ROIC is the percentage return that a company makes over                                    50%        13.8%            25%         15.8%           100%
capital (ROIC)              its invested capital. More specifically, we define ROIC as the
                            percentage of comparable net profit excluding net finance costs
                            divided by the capital employed. Capital employed is calculated as
                            the average of net debt and shareholders’ equity attributable to the
                            owners of the parent through the year.

The vesting schedule for PSP performance conditions is not a straight line between the threshold and maximum performance levels. At the date
of grant of this award, the Remuneration Committee considered it was appropriate to place greater emphasis on achieving the target performance
level than the outperformance of this level. As described earlier in the report, responding to feedback received, awards from 2020 will vest on
a straight-line basis between threshold and maximum performance levels.
124   COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued

Performance Share Plan (PSP) outcomes – 2019
The table below summarises performance against the applicable targets for PSP awards made in 2017, which are due to vest in early 2020.
                                                                                                                             Actual to
                                                       Threshold                             Maximum                   the year ending 2019
                                                                     Vesting                             Vesting                            Vesting            Total
                         Measure   Weighting         Target        (% of max)   Three-year target      (% of max)   Achievement           (% of max)      (% of max)
2017 award      Comparable EPS        50%            1.24             25%                 1.50          100%            1.426                   74%
                                                                                                                                                              75%
                         ROIC         50%          13.0%              25%               15.8%           100%           15.0%                    76%

Note that the figures for achieved EPS and ROIC in the table above reflect adjusted performance and the unadjusted, reported figures are EPS:
€1.436, ROIC: 14.2%.
The Committee determined that it was appropriate to make a number of adjustments to the performance outcome to take account of (i)
the acquisition of Bambi during the year, (ii) a change in accounting under the IFRS 16 standard, and (iii) the special dividend paid in July 2019.
In making these adjustments, the Committee’s intention was to maintain the original degree of stretch by adjusting for these items which were
not anticipated at the time the targets were calibrated.
The impact of the Bambi acquisition and change in IFRS 16 accounting was a €0.01 increase in EPS and so an equivalent negative adjustment
was applied for PSP performance assessment purposes.
The impact of the Bambi acquisition and change in IFRS 16 accounting was a reduction of ROIC of 1.3% so an equivalent positive adjustment
was applied for PSP performance assessment purposes. As ROIC is calculated using a five-quarter average rather than a year-end snapshot,
the special dividend increased reported ROIC by 0.5% and an equivalent negative adjustment was applied. The overall impact of all adjustments
was an increase in ROIC of 0.8% compared to reported figures.
The overall impact of the above positive and negative adjustments was a vesting level of 75%. Without the adjustments, the vesting level
would have been 65%.

Dilution limit
Usage of shares under all share plans and executive share plans adhere to the dilution limits set by the Investment Association Principles
of Remuneration (10% for all share plans and 5% for all executive share plans, in any 10-year period).

Implementation of policy in 2020
For 2020, subject to shareholder approval, we will apply the amended remuneration policy outlined on pages 112 to 114.

Base salary and fees
The Chief Executive Officer’s base salary was reviewed in March 2020. The base salary has been increased by 3.2% to €815,000 effective
1 May 2020. Although 2020 salary increase levels for employees have not been confirmed at the date of this report, it is anticipated that the
Chief Executive Officer’s increase will be in line with the increases provided for the wider workforce.
The fee levels for the Chairman and other non-Executive Directors were last reviewed in 2018, as outlined on page 116. Fee levels have not
been reviewed in 2019.

Management Incentive Plan (MIP)
The annual bonus award levels for 2020 are expected to be in line with those for 2019. 50% of any award will be awarded as deferred bonus
shares which will vest three years from their date of grant. The performance measures have been set by the Remuneration Committee to align
to our KPIs and are summarised below.
                                                                                                                                              Weighting at maximum
                                                                                                                                                  opportunity levels
Performance measure                                                                                                                                (% of base salary)
Business measures                                                                                                                                           120%
Gross profit margin. Incentivises profitability, measuring percentage remaining after excluding cost of goods from sales.                                    24%
Net sales revenue (NSR). Incentivises the Group’s revenue growth objectives.                                                                                 36%
Comparable earnings before interest and tax (comparable EBIT). Defined as comparable operating profit.                                                       36%
Operating expenditures (OpEx) excluding DME as a percentage of NSR. This key performance indicator, which
excludes direct marketing expenses (DME), incentivises effective cost management.                                                                             24%
Individual measures                                                                                                                                           10%

The Remuneration Committee is unable to provide the 2020 bonus award performance targets on a forward-looking basis as they are deemed
commercially sensitive. However, the targets will be disclosed in next year’s remuneration report once the actual performance against these
targets has been realised.
                                                                                                                       INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019                 125
                                                                                                                                                                           SR

                                                                                                                                                                           CG

                                                                                                                                                                           FS

                                                                                                                                                                           SSR

Performance Share Plan (PSP)                                                                                                                                               SI
The levels of PSP awards for 2020 are anticipated to be in line with those awarded in 2019. The performance measures will be consistent with
those detailed for the 2019 award outlined in this report and these are summarised below.
                                                                                                          Threshold                                 Maximum
                                                                                                                        Vesting                                 Vesting
Measure              Description                                                      Weighting         Target        (% of max)              Target          (% of max)
Comparable EPS       Calculated by dividing the comparable net profit attributable       50%            1.79                 25%               1.98            100%
                     to the owners of the parent by the weighted average
                     number of outstanding shares during the period.
Return on invested   ROIC is the percentage return that a company makes over             50%           13.9%                 25%            15.9%              100%
capital (ROIC)       its invested capital. More specifically, we define ROIC as the
                     percentage of comparable net profit excluding net finance
                     costs divided by the capital employed. Capital employed
                     is calculated as the average of net debt and shareholders’
                     equity attributable to the owners of the parent through
                     the year.

The Remuneration Committee expects to recommend an award of 330% of base salary to the Chief Executive Officer in March 2020, with
performance running to the end of December 2022 and vesting occurring in March 2023. These vested shares will then be subject to a further
two-year holding period, whereby the Chief Executive Officer agrees to a no sale commitment during this time. In light of the feedback received
from our shareholders and typical market practice, the Remuneration Committee has changed the vesting schedule to a straight line between
the threshold and maximum performance levels for PSP grants from 2020 onwards.

Changes to Chief Executive Officer and employee pay
The table below sets out the percentage change in base salary, taxable benefits and annual bonus for the Chief Executive Officer and the
average pay for Swiss-based employees. We have chosen to make a comparison with employees in Switzerland as this is the market in which
our Chief Executive Officer is based. MIP payouts for the Swiss workforce are primarily based on Swiss business unit results.
                                                                                                        Annual base salary             Benefits           Annual bonus
Chief Executive Officer % change from 2018 to 2019                                                                3.6%                  6.3%                   23.0%
Average employee % change for the Swiss workforce from 2018 to 2019                                               1.2%                 65.6%                   23.2%

CEO pay ratio
Coca-Cola HBC is domiciled in Switzerland. We are therefore not required to report a CEO pay ratio under UK regulations; however, we are
voluntarily disclosing ratios below. Similar to the section ‘Changes to Chief Executive Officer and employee pay’ above, we have chosen to make
a comparison with employees in Switzerland as this is the market in which our CEO is based. The international nature of our business means that
we operate in countries with a significant range in terms of market practice for levels of remuneration and cost of living – for example,
Switzerland has a substantially higher cost of living and employment remuneration compared to other countries. For this reason, comparisons
with our Swiss workforce are likely to be more informative about the pay distribution of our workforce.
The table below compares the 2019 single figure of remuneration for the CEO with that of the employees who are paid at the 25th percentile
(lower quartile), 50th percentile (median) and 75th percentile (upper quartile) of the Company’s workforce based in Switzerland ranked based on
total remuneration.
                                                                                                           25th Percentile               Median          75th Percentile
Year                                                                                          Method        pay ratio (P1)         pay ratio (P2)         pay ratio (P3)
2019                                                                                     Option A                  33:1                   29:1                    23:1

The methodology used to identify the lower quartile, median and upper quartile employees was by ranking all employees of the Swiss workforce
on total remuneration (for employees who were in employment for the full calendar year). Two employees around each percentile were identified
to ensure they accurately represent the relevant percentile ranking. The total remuneration for each of these employees was then calculated
consistent with the methodology applied for deriving the CEO’s single figure remuneration.
The table below sets out the total pay and benefits for the lower quartile, median and upper quartile:
                                                                                                           25th Percentile               Median          75th Percentile
                                                                                                                      in €                  in €                    in €
Annual base salary                                                                                               68,146               78,450                   92,618
Total remuneration                                                                                               78,504               90,375                  113,097
126   COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued

Total remuneration of Swiss employees includes the base salary, annual bonuses, other cash compensation (e.g. overtime), other cash and
non-cash benefits (e.g. company car, tax support, relocation etc.), pension employer contributions and employer social security contributions
during 2019.
We are satisfied that the pay ratios reported this year are consistent with our wider pay, reward and progression policies for employees.
As described on page 110, we have an overall remuneration philosophy that operates throughout the Group, ensuring that employees are fairly
rewarded and that their individual contributions are linked to the success of the Company.
Variable pay is an important element of our reward philosophy and a significant proportion of total remuneration for top managers (including
the CEO) is tied to the achievement of our business objectives. As employees advance through the Company there will be the opportunity to
receive higher rewards commensurate with increased accountability and market practice. The CEO’s total remuneration has a significantly
higher proportion of variable pay in comparison with the rest of our employees. The CEO’s remuneration will therefore increase or decrease
in line with business performance, aligning it with shareholders’ interests.

Chief Executive Officer pay and performance comparison
The graph below shows the Total Shareholder Return (TSR) of the Company compared with the FTSE 100 index over a 10-year period to
31 December 2019. The Remuneration Committee believes that the FTSE 100 Index is the most appropriate index to compare historic
performance due to the size of the Company and our listing location.

Total shareholder return versus FTSE 100

350

300

250

200

150

100

50     Dec 09        Dec 10          Dec 11           Dec 12       Dec 13           Dec 14          Dec 15        Dec 16              Dec 17         Dec 18        Dec 19
  FTSE 100      Coca-Cola HBC
                              2010              2011                 2012       2013       2014       2015       2016                 2017                 2018         2019
                            Doros            Doros      Dimitris   Dimitris   Dimitris   Dimitris   Dimitris   Dimitris    Dimitris         Zoran         Zoran        Zoran
                      Constantinou     Constantinou        Lois       Lois       Lois       Lois       Lois       Lois        Lois      Bogdanovic    Bogdanovic   Bogdanovic
Total remuneration
– single figure
(€ 000s)                  3,752            4,708          711      1,524      1,928      1,918      3,012      2,923      15,378               410       3,710        2,577
MIP
(% of maximum)                65%             9%         24%        68%        49%        45%        75%        55%         53%                5%         48%          56%
PSP
(% of maximum)                  –                –             –         –          –          –          –          –      90%                  –      100%           75%

On 4 July 2011, Doros Constantinou retired from service, and Dimitris Lois succeeded him. The amounts for 2011 include the remuneration of
Doros Constantinou up to the retirement date and the remuneration of Dimitris Lois for the remainder of the year. For 2011, the remuneration
of Doros Constantinou includes termination benefits due to retirement.
Dimitris Lois sadly passed away on 2 October 2017. The 2017 total remuneration values above reflect the period 1 January 2017 to 2 October
2017. The total remuneration value for Zoran Bogdanovic reflects the period from his appointment as Chief Executive Officer to the end of the
financial year, 7 December 2017 to 31 December 2017.
As the Company listed on the London Stock Exchange in April 2013, the amounts included in respect of the period before that date relate to the
remuneration the previous Chief Executive Officers received in their capacity as Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A.
                                                                                                             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       127
                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                       SSR

Relative importance of spend on pay (€m)                                                                                                               SI
The graphic below presents the year-on-year change in total expenditure for all employees across the Group and distributions made to
shareholders in the form of dividend share buy-backs and/or capital returns.

2019                                                                 1,037.3                                                               941.9


2018                                                                                                               993.2                   200.6

  Total staﬀ costs   Distribution to shareholders

Compared to the prior year, the total staff costs have increased by 4%, while dividends distributed to shareholders have increased by 370%
mainly driven by the extraordinary dividend of €2.00 per share, on top of the ordinary dividend of €0.57 per share.

Shareholder voting outcomes
The table below sets out the result of the vote on the remuneration-related resolutions at the Annual General Meeting held in June 2019.
                                                                                                                                       Voting rights
Resolution                                                            Votes for    Votes against     Abstentions    Total votes cast   represented
Advisory vote on the UK Remuneration Report                     232,487,763        1,747,581          10,897       234,246,241          64.55%
                                                                    99.24%            0.75%           0.01%
Advisory vote on the Swiss Remuneration Report                  232,323,962        1,911,392          10,887       234,246,241          64.55%
                                                                    99.17%            0.82%           0.01%
Advisory vote on the remuneration policy                        224,790,736        9,445,934           9,571       234,246,241          64.55%
                                                                    95.96%            4.03%           0.01%
Approval of the maximum aggregate amount of remuneration        232,930,428        1,304,801          11,012       234,235,229          64.55%
for the Board until the next Annual General Meeting                 99.44%            0.56%              n.a.
Approval of the maximum aggregate amount of remuneration        231,596,412        2,385,368         264,461       233,981,780          64.55%
for the Operating Committee for the next financial year             98.98%            1.02%              n.a.

The Remuneration Committee was pleased that shareholders supported our remuneration-related resolutions so strongly. We value our ongoing
dialogue with shareholders and welcome any views on this report.

Payments to past Directors and payment for loss of office
There were no payments made to past Directors of the Group or loss of office payments made during the year.

Payments to appointed Directors
There were no payments made to appointed Directors during the year.

Outside appointments for the Chief Executive Officer
Zoran Bogdanovic does not hold any appointments outside the Company.

Total Directors’ and Operating Committee members’ remuneration
The table below outlines the aggregated total remuneration figures for Directors and Operating Committee members in the year.
                                                                                                                              2019            2018
                                                                                                                           € million       € million
Total remuneration paid to or accrued for Directors, the Operating Committee and the Chief Executive Officer                 21.3            18.8
Salaries and other short-term benefits                                                                                       14.9            11.7
Amount accrued for performance share awards                                                                                   5.5             6.3
Pension and post-employment benefits for Directors, the Operating Committee and the Chief Executive Officer                   0.9             0.8

Credits and loans granted to governing bodies
In 2019, no credits or loans were granted to active or former members of the Company’s Board, members of the Operating Committee
or to any related persons.
128    COCA-COLA HBC




Directors’ remuneration report continued

Share ownership
The table below summarises the total shareholding as at 31 December 2019, including any outstanding shares awarded through our incentive
plans, for the Chief Executive Officer and other Directors. There have been no changes in the interests of any Directors in shares in the period
to 17 March 2020.
                                                     With performance measures                         Without performance measures
                                                                 PSP                                     ESOP                                 ESPP
                                                                                                                                           Number
                                                Performance Unvested and                   Number                                    of outstanding                        Current
                                                      shares     subject to                 of stock                  Vesting at   shares held as at                  shareholding
                                       Share       granted in performance                   options           Fully     the end       31 December      Beneficially   as % of base Shareholding
Name                                interests          2019     conditions    Vested    outstanding         vested      of 2019               2019        owned             salary1 guideline met1
Zoran Bogdanovic2                       Yes        87,247       206,056 62,860          206,015 206,015                       –          33,202         67,027            381%              Yes
Anastassis G. David3                                    –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
Ahmet C. Bozer                                          –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
Charlotte J. Boyle                      Yes             –             –      –                –       –                       –               –          1,017               –                –
Olusola (Sola) David-Borha                              –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
William W. (Bill) Douglas III           Yes             –             –      –                –       –                       –               –         10,000               –                –
Reto Francioni                                          –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
Anastasios I. Leventis4                                 –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
Christo Leventis5                                       –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
Alexandra Papalexopoulou                                –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
José Octavio Reyes                                      –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
Alfredo Rivera                                          –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
Ryan Rudolph                                            –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
John P. Sechi                                           –             –      –                –       –                       –               –              –               –                –
1. The shareholding requirement was introduced from the date of the 2015 PSP award, 10 December 2015 and has been updated to 300% in 2020. The Chief Executive Officer has
   a period of five years from his appointment to December 2022 to build up a 200% of base salary shareholding and then another two years to meet the additional requirement.
2. During 2019, Zoran Bogdanovic exercised 16,000 options under the ESOP due to upcoming expiration.
3. Anastassis David is a beneficiary of:
   (a) a private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Truad Verwaltungs AG is the
   Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to the 85,355,019 shares held by Kar-Tess Holding S.A.
   (b) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Sentry Management
   (PTC) Ltd. is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 823,008 shares held by Sentry Management (PTC) Ltd.
4. Anastasios I. Leventis is a beneficiary of:
   (a) a private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Truad Verwaltungs AG is the
   Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to the 85,355,019 shares held by Kar-Tess Holding S.A.
   (b) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Selene Treuhand AG
   is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 286,879 shares held by Selene Treuhand AG.
   (c) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Christodoulos Papaneokleus Leventis, of which Mervail
   Company (PTC) Limited is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 757,307 shares held by Carlcan Holding Limited.
5. Christo Leventis is a beneficiary of:
   (a) a private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Truad Verwaltungs AG is the
   Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to the 85,355,019 shares held by Kar-Tess Holding S.A.
   (b) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Selene Treuhand AG
   is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 458,545 shares held by Selene Treuhand AG.
   (c) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Christodoulos Papaneokleus Leventis, of which Mervail
   Company (PTC) Limited is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 623,664 shares held by Carlcan Holding Limited.

Approval of the Directors’ Remuneration Report
The Directors’ Remuneration Report set out on pages 108 to 128 was approved by the Board of Directors on 17 March 2020 and signed on its
behalf by Alexandra Papalexopoulou, Chair of the Remuneration Committee.




ALEXANDRA PAPALEXOPOULOU
CHAIR OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
17 March 2020
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019             129
                                                                                                                                                                  SR

                                                                                                                                                                  CG

                                                                                                                                                                  FS

                                                                                                                                                                  SSR

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities                                      The activities of the Group, together with the factors likely to affect             SI
                                                                              its future development, performance, financial position, cash flows,
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report,
                                                                              liquidity position and borrowing facilities are described in the Strategic
including the consolidated Financial Statements, and the Corporate
                                                                              Report (pages 12 to 73). In addition, Notes 24 ‘Financial risk
Governance Report including the Remuneration Report and the
                                                                              management and financial instruments’, 25 ‘Net debt’, and 26 ‘Equity’
Strategic Report, in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
                                                                              include: the Company’s objectives, policies and processes for
The Directors, whose names and functions are set out on pages                 managing its capital; its financial risk management objectives; details
80-82, confirm to the best of their knowledge that:                           of its financial instruments and hedging activities; and its exposures
(a) The Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and                to credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group has considerable financial
understandable, and provides the information necessary for                    resources, together with long-term contracts with a number of
shareholders to assess the Group’s position and performance,                  customers and suppliers across different countries. The Directors
business model and strategy.                                                  have also assessed the principal risks and the other matters discussed
                                                                              in connection with the Viability Statement on page 64. The Directors
(b) The consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared           considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as            accounting in preparing the annual Financial Statements and have not
issued by the IASB, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,     identified any material uncertainties to the Group’s ability to continue
financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the undertakings     to do so over a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval
included in the consolidation of the Group taken as a whole.                  of these financial statements.
(c) The Annual Report includes a fair review of the development and
performance of the business and the position of the Company and
the undertakings included in the consolidated Coca-Cola HBC Group
taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and
uncertainties that they face.

                                                                              By order of the Board

                                                                              ANASTASSIS G. DAVID
                                                                              CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
                                                                              18 March 2020




Disclosure of information required under Listing Rule 9.8.4R
For the purposes of Listing Rule 9.8.4C, the information required to be disclosed by premium listed companies in the United Kingdom is as follows:
Listing Rule   Information to be included                                                                                             Reference in report
9.8.4(1)       Interest capitalised by the Group and an indication of the amount and treatment of any associated tax relief           Not applicable
9.8.4(2)       Details of any unaudited financial information required by LR 9.2.18                                                   Not applicable
9.8.4(4)       Details of any long-term incentive scheme described in LR 9.4.3                                                        Not applicable
9.8.4(5)       Details of any arrangement under which a Director has waived any emoluments                                            Not applicable
9.8.4(6)       Details of any arrangement under which a Director has agreed to waive future emoluments                                Not applicable
9.8.4(7)       Details of any allotments of shares by the Company for cash not previously authorised by shareholders                  Not applicable
9.8.4(8)       Details of any allotments of shares for cash by a major subsidiary of the Company                                      Not applicable
9.8.4(9)       Details of the participation by the Company in any placing made by its parent company                                  Not applicable
9.8.4(10)      Details of any contracts of significance involving a Director                                                          Not applicable
9.8.4(11)      Details of any contract for the provision of services to the Company by a controlling shareholder                      Not applicable
9.8.4(12)      Details of any arrangement under which a shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends                       Not applicable
9.8.4(13)      Details of any arrangement under which a shareholder has agreed to waive future dividends                              Not applicable
9.8.4(14)      Agreements with a controlling shareholder                                                                              Not applicable
130   COCA-COLA HBC




                      Financial
                      statements
                      Contents
                      131   Independent auditor’s report

                      Consolidated financial statements
                      137   Consolidated income statement
                      138   Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                      139   Consolidated balance sheet
                      140   Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                      142   Consolidated cash flow statement

                      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                      Basis of reporting
                      143   1. Description of business
                      143   2. Basis of preparation and consolidation
                      144   3. Foreign currency and translation
                      144   4. Accounting pronouncements
                      145   5. Critical accounting estimates and judgements

                      Results for the year
                      145   6. Segmental analysis
                      148   7. Net sales revenue
                      148   8. Operating expenses
                      150   9. Finance costs, net
                      150   10. Taxation
                      153   11. Earnings per share
                      153   12. Components of other comprehensive income

                      Operating assets and liabilities
                      153   13. Intangible assets
                      156   14. Property, plant and equipment
                      159   15. Interests in other entities
                      162   16. Leases
                      165   17. Inventories
                      165   18. Trade, other receivables and assets
                      167   19. Assets classified as held for sale
                      168   20. Trade and other payables
                      168   21. Provisions and employee benefits
                      173   22. Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
                      175   23. Business combinations and acquisition
                            of non‑controlling interest

                      Risk management and capital structure
                      176   24. Financial risk management and financial instruments
                      187   25. Net debt
                      191   26. Equity

                      Other financial information
                      193   27. Related party transactions
                      195   28. Share-based payments
                      197   29. Contingencies
                      198   30. Commitments
                      198   31. Post balance sheet events
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     131
                                                                                                                                                          SR

                                                                                                                                                          CG

Independent auditor’s report                                                                                                                              FS

                                                                                                                                                          SSR


Independent auditor’s report to Coca-Cola HBC AG                                                                                                          SI




Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Opinion
In our opinion:
• Coca-Cola HBC AG’s (‘Coca-Cola HBC’ or the ‘Group’) consolidated financial statements (the ‘financial statements’) give a true and fair view
  of the state of the Group’s affairs as at 31 December 2019 and of its profit and cash flows for the year then ended; and
• have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRSs’) as issued by the International Accounting
  Standards Board (‘IASB’).
We have audited the financial statements, included within the 2019 Integrated Annual Report (the ‘Annual Report’), which comprise: the consolidated
income statement and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2019, the consolidated balance
sheet as at 31 December 2019, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year ended
31 December 2019, and the notes to the financial statements, which include a description of the significant accounting policies.
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit & Risk Committee.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (‘ISAs’). Our responsibilities under ISAs are further described
in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We remained independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements,
which include the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (‘IESBA Code’). We have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code and other applicable laws and regulations.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the IESBA Code and other applicable laws and
regulations were not provided to the Group.
Other than those disclosed in Note 8 of the Annual Report, we have provided no non-audit services to the Group in the period from 1 January
2019 to 31 December 2019.

Our audit approach
Overview                          • Overall group materiality: €33.0 million (2018: €30.5 million)



             Materiality
                                  • We audited the complete financial information of the Company and of subsidiary undertakings
                                    in 15 countries.
                                  • Taken together, the undertakings of which an audit of their complete financial information was performed
     Audit scope                    accounted for 84% of consolidated net sales revenue, 89% of consolidated profit before tax and 87%
                                    of consolidated total assets of the Group.
                                  • We also conducted specified audit procedures and analytical review procedures for other subsidiary
                                    undertakings and Group functions.
             Key audit            • Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets valuation.
              matters             • Uncertain tax positions.
                                  • Provisions and contingent liabilities.
132   COCA-COLA HBC




Independent auditor’s report continued

The scope of our audit
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements.

Capability of the audit in detecting irregularities, including fraud
Based on our understanding of the Group and industry in which it operates, we considered the extent to which non-compliance with applicable
laws and regulations might have a material effect on the financial statements, including, but not limited to, the Listing Rules of the Financial
Conduct Authority (‘FCA’), tax laws and regulations applicable to Coca-Cola HBC and its subsidiaries and regulations relating to unethical and
prohibited business practices. We evaluated management’s incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements
(including the risk of override of controls), and where management made subjective judgements in respect of significant accounting estimates
that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. The group engagement team shared this risk
assessment with the component auditors so that they could include appropriate audit procedures in response to such risks in their work. Audit
procedures performed by the group engagement team and/or component auditors included:
• Discussions with management, internal audit, internal legal counsel and the Group’s legal advisors, where relevant, including consideration
  of known or suspected instances of non-compliance with laws and regulation and fraud;
• Evaluation and testing of the operating effectiveness of management’s controls designed to prevent and detect irregularities;
• Assessment of matters reported on the Group’s whistleblowing helpline and the results of management’s investigation of such matters;
• Challenging assumptions and judgements made by management in their significant accounting estimates, in particular in relation to
  impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and uncertain tax positions (see related key audit matters below);
• Identifying and testing journal entries, in particular any journal entries posted with unusual account combinations, journals posted by senior
  management and consolidation entries.
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above and the further non-compliance with laws and regulations is removed
from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely we would become aware of it. In addition, the risk of not
detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate
concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditor’s professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements of the current year and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified
by the auditors, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing
the efforts of the engagement team. These matters, and any comments we make on the results of our procedures thereon, were addressed
in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.
                                                                                                                     INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      133
                                                                                                                                                              SR

                                                                                                                                                              CG

                                                                                                                                                              FS

                                                                                                                                                              SSR

Key audit matter                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter                                             SI
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets                      We evaluated the appropriateness of management’s identification of the
valuation                                                            Group’s CGUs, related control activities and the process by which management
                                                                     prepared the CGUs’ value-in-use calculations which we found to be satisfactory
Refer to Note 13 for intangible assets including goodwill
                                                                     for the purposes of our audit.
and to Note 23 for business combinations.
                                                                     We tested the mathematical accuracy of the CGUs’ value-in-use calculations
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as at
                                                                     and compared the cash flow projections included therein to the financial budgets,
31 December 2019 amount to €1,773.7 million and
                                                                     approved by the Directors, covering a one year period and management’s
€318.3 million, respectively.
                                                                     projections for the subsequent four years. In addition, we assessed the quality
The above amounts have been allocated to individual
                                                                     of the budgeting process by comparing the prior year budget with actual results.
cash-generating units (‘CGUs’), which require the
                                                                     We challenged management’s cash flow projections around the key drivers
performance of an impairment assessment at least annually.
                                                                     of cash flow forecasts including future performance with respect to revenue,
The impairment assessment involves the determination of
                                                                     short-term and long-term volume growth and the level of direct costs.
the recoverable amount of the CGU, being the higher of the
                                                                     With the support of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of
value-in-use and the fair value less costs to dispose.
                                                                     key assumptions including discount, perpetuity growth and foreign exchange rates.
This area was a key matter for our audit due to the size of
                                                                     We also performed sensitivity analyses on the key drivers of cash flow forecasts
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets balances and
                                                                     for the CGUs with significant balances of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
because the determination of whether elements of goodwill
                                                                     assets as well as for CGUs which remain sensitive to changes in the key drivers,
and of indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired involves
                                                                     including the goodwill and franchise agreements held by the Nigeria CGU.
complex and subjective estimates and judgements made by
                                                                     Specifically, as regards the Bambi acquisition we assessed the business
management about the future results of the CGUs. These
                                                                     combinations process and engaged our component team to perform a full
estimates and judgements include assumptions surrounding
                                                                     scope audit of the opening balance sheet. With the support of our valuation
revenue growth rates, direct costs, foreign exchange rates
                                                                     specialists we reviewed management’s purchase price allocation, including
and discount rates.
                                                                     attending a series of calls with the Group’s valuation experts to critically challenge
Furthermore, macroeconomic volatility, competitor activity
                                                                     the valuation methodology and key underlying assumptions used. We evaluated
and regulatory/fiscal developments can adversely affect each
                                                                     the key inputs used in the valuation model as well as management’s assessment
CGU and potentially the carrying amount of goodwill and
                                                                     of the useful lives of intangible assets identified.
indefinite-lived intangible assets.
                                                                     We assessed the appropriateness and completeness of the related disclosures
In addition, during 2019 the Group acquired a 100%
                                                                     in Note 13, as regards goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, and in Note
shareholding in Koncern Bambi a.d. Požarevac (‘Bambi’) a
                                                                     23, with respect to the acquisition of Bambi, and consider them to be reasonable.
Serbian confectionary business. This acquisition was the main
                                                                     As a result of our work, we found that the determination by management that
contributor to the increase in goodwill and indefinite-lived
                                                                     no impairment was required for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets
intangible assets which added to the Group €114.6 million
                                                                     was supported by assumptions within reasonable ranges.
and €117.9 million of goodwill and indefinite-lived
                                                                     Furthermore, we determined that the underlying assumptions used by
trademarks respectively.
                                                                     management in the business combination and purchase price allocation
No impairment charge was recorded in 2019.
                                                                     of Bambi form a reasonable basis for the carrying value of the goodwill and
                                                                     trademarks of Bambi.

Uncertain tax positions                                              We evaluated the related accounting policy for estimating tax exposures.
Refer to Note 10 for taxation and Note 29 for contingencies.         In conjunction with our tax specialists, we evaluated management’s judgements
The Group operates in numerous tax jurisdictions and is              in respect of estimates of tax exposures and contingencies in order to assess the
subject to periodic tax audits by local tax authorities, in the      adequacy of the Group’s tax provisions. In order to understand and evaluate
normal course of business, on a range of tax matters in              management’s judgements, we considered the status of current tax authority
relation to corporate tax, transfer pricing and indirect taxes. As   audits and enquiries, the outcome of previous tax authority audits, judgmental
at 31 December 2019, the Group has current tax liabilities of        positions taken in tax returns and current year estimates as well as recent
€125.6 million, which include €95.1 million of provisions for tax    developments in the various tax jurisdictions in which the Group operates.
uncertainties.                                                       We challenged management’s key assumptions, particularly in cases where there
Where the amount of tax payable is uncertain, the Group              had been significant developments with tax authorities.
establishes provisions based on management’s judgements              From the evidence obtained we consider the provisions in relation to uncertain
with respect to the likelihood of material tax exposures and the     tax positions as at 31 December 2019 to be reasonable under the circumstances.
probable amount of the liability. We consider this area as a key
audit matter given the number of judgements involved in
estimating the provisions relating to uncertain tax positions
and the complexities of dealing with tax rules and regulations in
numerous jurisdictions.
134   COCA-COLA HBC




Independent auditor’s report continued


Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Provisions and contingent liabilities                             Our procedures with respect to provisions and contingent liabilities included
Refer to Note 21 for provisions and Note 29 for contingencies.    the following:
The Group faces a number of threatened and actual legal and       • evaluation of the design and testing of key controls with respect to litigation
regulatory proceedings. The determination of the provision          and regulatory procedures;
and/or the level of disclosure required involves a high degree    • where relevant, reading external legal advice obtained by management;
of judgement resulting in provisions and contingent liabilities   • discussion of open matters with the Group’s general counsel;
being considered a key audit matter.                              • meeting with local management and if deemed necessary reading relevant
                                                                    correspondence;
                                                                  • assessing and challenging management’s conclusions through understanding
                                                                    precedents set in similar cases; and
                                                                  • obtaining confirmation requests from relevant third-party legal
                                                                    representatives and holding follow up discussions, where appropriate,
                                                                    on certain material cases.
                                                                  In addition, we assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in Note 29.
                                                                  Based on the work performed, whilst noting the inherent uncertainty with such
                                                                  legal and regulatory matters, we determined that management’s judgments
                                                                  and relevant provisions, including related disclosures, as at 31 December 2019
                                                                  are reasonable.

How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed sufficient work to be able to provide an opinion on the financial statements
as a whole, taking into account the geographic structure of the Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the
Group operates.
The Group operates through its trading subsidiary undertakings in 28 countries, as set out on page 145 of the Annual Report. The processing of
the accounting entries for these subsidiary undertakings is largely centralised in a shared services centre in Bulgaria, except for the subsidiary
undertakings in Russia, Ukraine, Belarus and Armenia, which process their accounting entries locally. The Group also operates centralised
treasury functions in the Netherlands and in Greece and a centralised procurement function in Austria.
Based on the significance to the financial statements and in light of the key audit matters as noted above, we identified subsidiary undertakings
in 15 countries (including the trading subsidiary undertakings in Italy, Russia, Nigeria, Romania and Switzerland) which in our view, required an
audit of their complete financial information. We also performed specified audit procedures on certain balances and transactions on one joint
operation. In addition, audit procedures were performed with respect to the centralised treasury functions by the group engagement team and
with respect to the centralised procurement function by the component audit team in Austria. The group engagement team also performed
analytical review and other procedures on balances and transactions of subsidiary undertakings not covered by the procedures described above.
The group engagement team’s involvement with respect to audit work performed by component auditors included site visits and attendance
at component audit meetings with local management, in Nigeria, Russia, Italy, Romania, Poland, Bulgaria and Greece. Where physical attendance
was not undertaken, the group engagement team held conference calls with component audit teams and with local management, as considered
appropriate. Furthermore, the group engagement team reviewed component auditor work papers and undertook other forms of interactions
as considered necessary depending on the significance of the component and the extent of accounting and audit issues arising. The group
engagement team was also responsible for planning, designing and overseeing the audit procedures performed at the shared services centre
in Bulgaria. In addition, we performed work centrally on IT general controls and shared comfort with the component teams. The Group
consolidation, financial statement disclosures and a number of areas of significant judgement, including goodwill and intangible assets, material
provisions and contingent liabilities, were audited by the group engagement team. We also held a two-day audit planning workshop in Greece
focusing on planning and risk assessment activities, auditor independence, centralised testing procedures and the implementation of new IFRSs
and specifically IFRS 16 ‘Leases’. This audit planning workshop was attended by the component teams responsible for the subsidiary
undertakings requiring an audit of their complete financial information.
Based on the above, the undertakings of which an audit of their complete financial information was performed accounted for 84% of consolidated
net sales revenue, 89% of consolidated profit before tax and 87% of consolidated total assets of the Group.

Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These, together
with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures on the
individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the
financial statements as a whole.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole, as follows:
Overall group materiality             €33.0 million (2018: €30.5 million).
How we determined it                  5% of profit before tax.
Rationale for benchmark applied       We chose profit before tax as the benchmark because, in our view, it is one of the principal measures
                                      considered by users and is a generally accepted benchmark. We chose 5% which is within the range
                                      of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds in generally accepted auditing practice.
                                                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     135
                                                                                                                                                           SR

                                                                                                                                                           CG

                                                                                                                                                           FS

                                                                                                                                                           SSR

For each component in the scope of our group audit, we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall group materiality. The range of materiality   SI
allocated across components was from €1.35 million to €11.5 million.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above €1.0 million (2018: €1.0 million)
as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.

Going concern
With respect to the statement on going concern included in the Annual Report, we report as follows:
Reporting obligation                                                           Outcome
We have reviewed the statement on going concern, included in the               We have nothing to report having performed our review.
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities, in the Annual Report on page
130, as if Coca-Cola HBC were a UK incorporated premium listed entity.
As noted in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities, the Directors        As part of our audit, we have concluded that the Directors’ use of the
have concluded that it is appropriate to prepare the financial                 going concern basis is appropriate. However, because not all future
statements using the going concern basis of accounting. The going              events or conditions can be predicted, this statement is not a guarantee
concern basis presumes that the Group has adequate resources to                as to the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
remain in operation, and that the Directors intend it to do so, for at least
one year from the date the financial statements were signed.


Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements, our auditor’s report thereon
and the Swiss statutory reporting, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report. The Directors are responsible for the other
information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion
or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether
the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to
be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to
conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.
Based on the responsibilities described above and our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Listing Rules of the FCA require us also
to report on certain matters as described below.

  UK Corporate Governance Code Provisions
  We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when the Directors’ statement relating to the Company’s compliance
  with the UK Corporate Governance Code issued in July 2018 (the ‘Code’) does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant provision
  of the Code specified, under the Listing Rules of the FCA, for review by the auditors.

  The Directors’ assessment of the prospects of the Group
  We have also reviewed the Directors’ statement in relation to the longer-term viability of the Group, set out on page 64, of the Annual Report
  as if Coca-Cola HBC were a UK incorporated premium listed entity. Our review was substantially less in scope than an audit and only consisted
  of making inquiries and considering the Directors’ process supporting their statement; checking that the statement is in alignment with
  the relevant provisions of the Code; and considering whether the statement is consistent with the knowledge acquired by us in the course
  of performing our audit. We have nothing to report having performed our review.


Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements
As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities set out on page 130 of the Annual Report, the Directors are responsible
for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view. The Directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate
the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole, are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
136    COCA-COLA HBC




Independent auditor’s report continued

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit.
We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit
  procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
  of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
  forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
  but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made
  by the Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained,
  whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
  going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
  disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
  on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
  to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial
  statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to
  express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
  We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. Those charged with governance
are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless
law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for Coca-Cola HBC AG for the purpose of the Disclosure Guidance and
Transparency Rules sourcebook and the Listing Rules of the FCA and for no other purpose.

Other required reporting
Appointment
We have been the Group’s auditors since 2003 and following a tender process that the Group conducted in 2015, at the recommendation of the
Audit & Risk Committee, we were reappointed by the Directors on 11 December 2015 to audit the financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2016 and subsequent financial periods.




Konstantinos Michalatos
the Certified Auditor, Reg. No. 17701
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A.
Certified Auditors, Reg. No. 113
Athens, Greece
19 March 2020




Notes:
a. The maintenance and integrity of the Coca-Cola HBC AG website is the responsibility of the Directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration of these
   matters and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the financial statements since they were initially presented on the website.
b. Legislation in UK and Switzerland governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
                                                                                            INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     137
                                                                                                                                    SR

                                                                                                                                    CG

Financial statements                                                                                                                FS

                                                                                                                                    SSR


Consolidated income statement                                                                                                       SI
For the year ended 31 December


                                                                                                          2019            2018
                                                                                           Note        € million       € million
Net sales revenue                                                                          6,7        7,026.0         6,657.1
Cost of goods sold                                                                                   (4,380.4)       (4,141.8)
Gross profit                                                                                          2,645.6        2,515.3

Operating expenses                                                                           8       (1,930.3)       (1,875.9)
Operating profit                                                                             6          715.3          639.4

Finance income                                                                                             6.3            6.1
Finance costs                                                                                            (73.4)         (47.4)
Finance costs, net                                                                           9           (67.1)         (41.3)
Share of results of equity-method investments                                               15            13.0           12.8
Profit before tax                                                                                       661.2          610.9

Tax                                                                                         10         (173.2)         (162.8)
Profit after tax                                                                                        488.0          448.1

Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                                                                    487.5          447.4
Non-controlling interests                                                                                 0.5            0.7
                                                                                                        488.0          448.1

Basic earnings per share (€)                                                                11           1.34               1.22
Diluted earnings per share (€)                                                              11           1.33               1.21

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
138   COCA-COLA HBC




Financial statements continued


Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 December


                                                                                                           2019        2018
                                                                                                 Note   € million   € million
Profit after tax                                                                                        488.0       448.1
Other comprehensive income:
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to income statement:
Cost of hedging                                                                                   24     (11.1)       (5.3)
Net gain of cash flow hedges                                                                      24       2.5         6.3
Foreign currency translation                                                                      12    123.4       (63.1)
Share of other comprehensive income of equity-method investments                                           0.7         0.6
Income tax relating to items that may be subsequently reclassified to income statement            12       1.4         1.0
                                                                                                        116.9       (60.5)
Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to income statement:
Valuation gain / (loss) on equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income             0.2         (0.3)
Actuarial (losses) / gains                                                                               (17.0)       20.8
Income tax relating to items that will not be subsequently reclassified to income statement       12       1.8         (3.3)
                                                                                                         (15.0)       17.2
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of tax (refer to Note 12)                         101.9        (43.3)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                 589.9       404.8

Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                                                                    589.4       404.1
Non-controlling interests                                                                                 0.5         0.7
                                                                                                        589.9       404.8

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    139
                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                     SSR


Consolidated balance sheet                                                                                                           SI
As at 31 December


                                                                                                            2019            2018
                                                                                            Note         € million       € million
Assets
Intangible assets                                                                            13         2,105.4        1,825.8
Property, plant and equipment                                                                14         2,742.2        2,391.6
Equity-method investments                                                                    15           148.5           99.3
Other financial assets                                                                       24             5.8            6.1
Deferred tax assets                                                                          10            64.5           47.4
Other non-current assets                                                                     18            71.3           45.9
Total non-current assets                                                                                5,137.7        4,416.1

Inventories                                                                                   17          488.1          463.2
Trade, other receivables and assets                                                           18        1,025.6          961.2
Other financial assets                                                                     24,25          734.9          290.0
Current tax assets                                                                                          4.1            8.5
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    25           823.0          712.3
                                                                                                        3,075.7        2,435.2
Assets classified as held for sale                                                           19             0.6            3.0
Total current assets                                                                                    3,076.3        2,438.2
Total assets                                                                                            8,214.0        6,854.3

Liabilities
Borrowings                                                                                   25           761.8          136.4
Other financial liabilities                                                                  24            11.6           16.6
Trade and other payables                                                                     20         1,666.1        1,652.4
Provisions and employee benefits                                                             21           102.1           77.6
Current tax liabilities                                                                                   125.6          135.6
Total current liabilities                                                                               2,667.2        2,018.6

Borrowings                                                                                   25         2,562.9        1,468.0
Other financial liabilities                                                                  24             0.1            1.3
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     10           159.5          131.3
Provisions and employee benefits                                                             21           117.6          112.2
Other non-current liabilities                                                                               6.5            6.5
Total non-current liabilities                                                                           2,846.6        1,719.3
Total liabilities                                                                                       5,513.8        3,737.9

Equity
Share capital                                                                                26         2,010.8         2,021.2
Share premium                                                                                26         3,545.3         4,547.9
Group reorganisation reserve                                                                 26        (6,472.1)       (6,472.1)
Treasury shares                                                                              26          (169.8)         (184.1)
Exchange equalisation reserve                                                                26          (964.7)       (1,088.8)
Other reserves                                                                               26           256.3           269.0
Retained earnings                                                                                       4,491.7         4,018.0
Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                                             2,697.5        3,111.1
Non-controlling interests                                                                                   2.7             5.3
Total equity                                                                                            2,700.2        3,116.4
Total equity and liabilities                                                                            8,214.0        6,854.3

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
140    COCA-COLA HBC




Financial statements continued


Consolidated statement of changes in equity

                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                   Group                       Exchange                                                  Non-
                                                      Share          Share reorganisation       Treasury     equalisation      Other      Retained                  controlling       Total
                                                     capital      premium        reserve          shares         reserve    reserves      earnings         Total     interests       equity
                                                   € million       € million     € million       € million      € million    € million     € million    € million     € million    € million
Balance as at 1 January 2018                     2,015.1         4,739.3       (6,472.1)          (71.3) (1,026.3)          271.2        3,551.5       3,007.4            4.8     3,012.2
Shares issued to employees
exercising stock options                               6.1            9.2               –               –              –           –              –       15.3               –       15.3
Share-based compensation:
   Performance shares                                     –              –              –               –              –        (1.5)             –        (1.5)             –        (1.5)
   Movement in shares held for
   equity compensation plan                              –             –                –          (0.1)               –        1.8              –         1.7              –         1.7
Sale of own shares                                       –             –                –           0.8                –          –              –         0.8              –         0.8
Appropriation of reserves                                –             –                –          (0.2)               –        0.3           (0.1)          –              –           –
Movement of treasury shares                              –             –                –       (113.3)                –          –              –      (113.3)             –      (113.3)
Dividends                                                –        (200.6)               –             –                –          –            1.8      (198.8)          (0.2)     (199.0)
Transfer of cash flow hedge reserve,
including cost of hedging to
inventories, net of tax1                              –               –               –              –         –              (4.6)     –                  (4.6)            –         (4.6)
                                                2,021.2         4,547.9        (6,472.1)        (184.1) (1,026.3)           267.2 3,553.2              2,707.0            4.6     2,711.6
Profit for the year, net of tax                       –               –               –              –         –                 –  447.4                447.4            0.7       448.1
Other comprehensive loss
for the year, net of tax                                  –              –              –               –         (62.5)        1.8         17.4         (43.3)              –      (43.3)
Total comprehensive income
for the year, net of tax2                             –               –               –              –      (62.5)            1.8          464.8         404.1            0.7       404.8
Balance as at 31 December 2018                  2,021.2         4,547.9        (6,472.1)        (184.1) (1,088.8)           269.0        4,018.0       3,111.1            5.3     3,116.4
1. The amount included in other reserves of €4.6m gain for 2018 represents the cash flow hedge reserve, including cost of hedging, transferred to inventory of €5.9m gain, and the
   deferred tax expense thereof amounting to €1.3m.
2. The amount included in the exchange equalisation reserve of €62.5m loss for 2018 represents the exchange loss attributed to the owners of the parent, including €0.6m gain relating
   to share of other comprehensive income of equity-method investments.
   The amount of other comprehensive loss net of tax included in other reserves of €1.8m gain for 2018 consists of loss on valuation of equity investments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income of €0.3m, cash flow hedges gains of €1.0m and the deferred tax income thereof amounting to €1.1m.
   The amount of €464.8m gain attributable to owners of the parent comprises profit for the year of €447.4m, plus actuarial gains of €20.8m, minus deferred tax expense of €3.4m.
   The amount of €0.7m gain included in non-controlling interests for 2018 represents the share of non-controlling interests in profit for the year.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019             141
                                                                                                                                                                                               SR

                                                                                                                                                                                               CG

                                                                                                                                                                                               FS

                                                                                                                                                                                               SSR

                                                                                                                                                                                               SI




                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                   Group                       Exchange                                                  Non-
                                                      Share          Share reorganisation       Treasury     equalisation      Other      Retained                  controlling       Total
                                                     capital      premium        reserve          shares         reserve    reserves      earnings         Total     interests       equity
                                                   € million       € million     € million       € million      € million    € million     € million    € million     € million    € million
Balance as at 1 January 2019                     2,021.2         4,547.9       (6,472.1)        (184.1) (1,088.8)           269.0        4,018.0       3,111.1            5.3     3,116.4
Shares issued to employees
exercising stock options                               8.0           13.4               –               –              –           –              –       21.4               –       21.4
Share-based compensation:
   Performance shares                                   –               –               –            –                 –       9.9               –         9.9               –        9.9
Cancellation of shares                              (18.4)          (74.1)              –         92.5                 –         –               –           –               –          –
Appropriation of reserves                               –               –               –         27.9                 –     (27.5)           (0.4)          –               –          –
Movement of treasury shares                             –               –               –       (106.1)                –         –               –      (106.1)              –     (106.1)
Acquisition of shares held by
non-controlling interests                                –             –                –              –               –           –          (7.0)       (7.0)          (2.5)       (9.5)
Dividends                                                –       (941.9)                –              –               –           –           8.8      (933.1)          (0.6)     (933.7)
Transfer of cash flow hedge reserve,
including cost of hedging to
inventories, net of tax3                               –              –               –              –         –             11.9              –          11.9              –        11.9
                                                 2,010.8        3,545.3        (6,472.1)        (169.8) (1,088.8)           263.3        4,019.4       2,108.1            2.2     2,110.3
Profit for the year, net of tax                        –              –               –              –         –                –          487.5         487.5            0.5       488.0
Other comprehensive income for
the year, net of tax                                      –              –              –               –       124.1           (7.0)       (15.2)      101.9                –     101.9
Total comprehensive income for
the year, net of tax4                                  –              –               –              –          124.1         (7.0) 472.3                589.4            0.5       589.9
Balance as at 31 December 2019                   2,010.8        3,545.3        (6,472.1)        (169.8)        (964.7)      256.3 4,491.7              2,697.5            2.7     2,700.2
3. The amount included in other reserves of €11.9m loss for 2019 represents the cash flow hedge reserve, including cost of hedging, transferred to inventory of €15.1m loss, and the
   deferred tax income thereof amounting to €3.2m.
4. The amount included in the exchange equalisation reserve of €124.1m gain for 2019 represents the exchange gain attributed to the owners of the parent, including €0.7m gain
   relating to share of other comprehensive income of equity-method investments.
   The amount of other comprehensive income net of tax included in other reserves of €7.0m loss for 2019 consists of gain on valuation of equity investments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income of €0.2m, cash flow hedges loss of €8.6m, and the deferred tax income thereof amounting to €1.4m.
   The amount of €472.3m gain attributable to owners of the parent comprises profit for the year of €487.5m plus actuarial losses of €17.0m, minus deferred tax income of €1.8m.
   The amount of €0.5m gain included in non-controlling interests for 2019 represents the share of non-controlling interests in profit for the year.

For further details, refer to: Note 24 ‘Financial risk management and financial instruments’, Note 26 ‘Equity’ and Note 28 ‘Share-based payments’.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
142   COCA-COLA HBC




Financial statements continued


Consolidated cash flow statement
For the year ended 31 December


                                                                                                       2019        2018
                                                                                           Note     € million   € million
Operating activities
Profit after tax                                                                                    488.0        448.1
Finance costs, net                                                                           9        67.1         41.3
Share of results of equity-method investments                                               15       (13.0)       (12.8)
Tax charged to the income statement                                                         10      173.2        162.8
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                               14      374.8        305.1
Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                 14        10.0         13.6
Employee performance shares                                                                             9.9        10.1
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                           13          0.7         0.5
                                                                                                  1,110.7       968.7
Gain on disposals of non-current assets                                                      8         (6.2)      (10.2)
Decrease / (increase) in inventories                                                                  14.2        (62.4)
Increase in trade and other receivables                                                              (18.0)       (23.3)
Increase in trade and other payables                                                                  37.0         40.2
Tax paid                                                                                           (211.5)      (116.4)
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                           926.2       796.6

Investing activities
Payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment                                             (473.2)     (437.2)
Payments for purchases of intangible assets                                                 13           –          (1.5)
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment                                                  35.1         18.3
Payments for business combinations, net of cash acquired                                    23      (138.2)            –
Payment for acquisition of equity-method investment                                                  (42.5)            –
Net receipts from equity investments                                                                   8.9         12.0
Net payments for investments in financial assets at amortised cost                                  (113.4)       (92.7)
Net payments for investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               (337.3)       (35.0)
Proceeds from loans                                                                                    5.8           0.2
Interest received                                                                                      5.9           7.8
Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                        (1,048.9)     (528.1)

Financing activities
Proceeds from shares issued to employees exercising stock options                           26       21.4          15.3
Purchase of shares from non-controlling interests                                                     (9.5)         (0.2)
Purchase of own shares                                                                      26     (192.8)        (27.8)
Proceeds from sale of own shares                                                                         –           0.8
Dividends paid to owners of the parent                                                      26     (933.1)      (198.8)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                           (0.6)         (0.2)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                          1,840.0          52.4
Repayments of borrowings                                                                           (372.2)        (69.6)
Principal repayments of lease obligations (2018: Principal repayments of finance lease
obligations)                                                                                         (45.5)         (7.7)
(Payments for) / proceeds from settlement of derivatives regarding financing activities               (8.3)          1.4
Interest paid                                                                                        (71.8)       (40.4)
Net cash inflow / (outflow) from financing activities                                               227.6       (274.8)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                              104.9          (6.3)

Movement in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                              712.3       723.5
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                              104.9         (6.3)
Effect of changes in exchange rates                                                                   5.8         (4.9)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                                    25      823.0       712.3

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       143
                                                                                                                                                          SR

                                                                                                                                                          CG

                                                                                                                                                          FS

                                                                                                                                                          SSR


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                            SI




1. Description of business
Coca-Cola HBC AG and its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’ or ‘Coca-Cola HBC’ or ‘the Company’) are principally engaged in the production, sales and
distribution of primarily non-alcoholic ready-to-drink beverages, under franchise from The Coca-Cola Company. The Company distributes its
products in Nigeria and 27 countries in Europe. Information on the Company’s operations by segment is included in Note 6.
On 11 October 2012, Coca-Cola HBC, a Swiss stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft / Société Anonyme) incorporated by Kar-Tess Holding
(a related party of the Group, see Note 27), announced a voluntary share exchange offer to acquire all outstanding ordinary registered shares
and all American depositary shares of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A. As a result of the successful completion of this offer, on 25 April
2013 Coca-Cola HBC acquired 96.85% of the issued Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A. shares, including shares represented by American
depositary shares, and became the new parent company of the Group. On 17 June 2013, Coca-Cola HBC completed its statutory buy-out of
the remaining shares of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A. that it did not acquire upon completion of its voluntary share exchange offer.
Consequently, Coca-Cola HBC acquired 100% of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A., which was eventually delisted from the Athens
Exchange, from the London Stock Exchange where it had a secondary listing and from the New York Stock Exchange where American
depositary shares were listed.
The shares of Coca-Cola HBC started trading in the premium segment of the London Stock Exchange (Ticker symbol: CCH) and on the Athens
Exchange (Ticker symbol: EEE), and regular way trading in Coca-Cola HBC American depositary shares commenced on the New York Stock
Exchange (Ticker symbol: CCH) on 29 April 2013. On 24 July 2014 the Group proceeded to the delisting of its American depositary shares from
the New York Stock Exchange and terminated its reporting obligations under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The deregistration
of Coca-Cola HBC shares under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the termination of its reporting obligations became effective
on 3 November 2014.

2. Basis of preparation and consolidation
Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’)
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (‘IASB’).
The consolidated financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost convention, as modified by the
revaluation of money market funds, investments in equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income and
derivative financial instruments.
These consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 18 March 2020 and are expected to be verified
at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 16 June 2020.

Comparative figures
Comparative figures have been adjusted and reclassified where necessary to conform with changes in presentation in the current year.
More specifically, in the consolidated balance sheet, related party loan receivables of €3.5m have been reclassified from ‘Trade, other receivables
and assets’ to ‘Other financial assets’.

Basis of consolidation
Subsidiary undertakings are those companies over which the Group, directly or indirectly, has control. The Group controls an entity when the
Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
power over the entity. Subsidiary undertakings are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group and cease to be
consolidated from the date on which control is transferred out of the Group.
Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions – that is, as transactions
with the owners in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the
carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity.
Inter-company transactions and balances between Group companies are eliminated. The subsidiaries’ accounting policies are consistent with
policies adopted by the Group.
When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value at the date when such control is lost,
with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other
comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
This means that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income, if any, are reclassified to profit or loss.
144   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




3. Foreign currency and translation
The individual financial statements of each Group entity are presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity
operates (its functional currency). For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the results and financial position of each entity are
expressed in Euro, which is the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements.
The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated into Euro at the exchange rate ruling at the balance sheet date. The results of foreign
subsidiaries are translated into Euro using the average monthly exchange rate (being a reasonable approximation of the rates prevailing on the
transaction dates). The exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign
entity, accumulated exchange differences are recognised as a component of the gain or loss on disposal.
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate ruling at the date of transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies are remeasured at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. All gains and losses arising on remeasurement are included
in the income statement, except for exchange differences arising on assets and liabilities classified as cash flow hedges which are deferred in
equity until the occurrence of the hedged transaction, at which time they are recognised in the income statement. Share capital denominated
in a currency other than the functional currency is initially stated at spot rate of the date of issue but is not retranslated.
The principal exchange rates used for translation purposes in respect of one Euro are:
                                                                                             Average          Average           Closing           Closing
                                                                                             2019             2018              2019             2018
US dollar                                                                                     1.12             1.18              1.12             1.14
UK sterling                                                                                   0.88             0.88              0.85             0.90
Polish zloty                                                                                  4.30             4.26              4.26             4.29
Nigerian naira                                                                              405.07           427.39            406.66           416.55
Hungarian forint                                                                            325.10           318.51            330.46           321.07
Swiss franc                                                                                   1.11             1.16              1.09             1.13
Russian rouble                                                                               72.54            73.94             69.43            79.46
Romanian leu                                                                                  4.74             4.65              4.79             4.66
Ukrainian hryvnia                                                                            29.03            32.14             25.81            31.11
Czech koruna                                                                                 25.67            25.65             25.46            25.83
Serbian dinar                                                                               117.87           118.28            117.55           118.21


4. Accounting pronouncements
a) Accounting standards and pronouncements adopted in 2019
In the current period, the Group has adopted the following standards and amendments which were issued by the IASB, that are relevant to its
operations and effective for accounting periods beginning on 1 January 2019:
• IFRS 16 ‘Leases’.
The Group adopted IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ retrospectively from 1 January 2019 but has not restated comparatives for the 2018 reporting period,
as permitted under the specific transitional provisions in the standard. The reclassifications and the adjustments arising from the adoption of the
new leasing standard are therefore recognised in the opening balance sheet on 1 January 2019. Refer to Note 16 for more details on the impact
of the transition to IFRS 16.
The Group has adopted the following other amendments and interpretations which were issued by the IASB that are effective for accounting
periods beginning on 1 January 2019:
• Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation – Amendments to IFRS 9;
• Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures – Amendments to IAS 28;
• Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015 – 2017 Cycle;
• Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement – Amendments to IAS 19; and
• Interpretation 23 – Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments.
The above other amendments and interpretations that came into effect on 1 January 2019 did not have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements of the Group.
                                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     145
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

                                                                                                                                                         SI




b) Accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
At the date of approval of these consolidated financial statements, the following amendments relevant to the Group’s operations were issued
but not yet effective and not early-adopted:
• References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards – Conceptual Framework;
• Definition of a Business – Amendment to IFRS 3;
• Definition of Material – Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8;
• Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7; and
• Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current – Amendment to IAS 1.
The Group is still assessing the impact that the above amendments will have on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

5. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
In conformity with IFRS, the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for Coca-Cola HBC requires management to make estimates
and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates and judgements are based on management’s
knowledge of current events and actions that may be undertaken in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from estimates.

Estimates
The key items concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below:
• Income taxes (refer to Note 10);
• Impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (refer to Note 13); and
• Employee benefits – defined benefit pension plans (refer to Note 21).

Judgements
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those involving
estimations as described above, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements:
• Joint arrangements (refer to Note 15).

6. Segmental analysis
The Group has essentially one business, being the production, sale and distribution of ready-to-drink, primarily non-alcoholic, beverages.
The Group operates in 28 countries which are aggregated in reportable segments as follows:




                                                                      Established markets:      Austria, Cyprus, Greece, Italy, Northern Ireland,
                                                                                                the Republic of Ireland and Switzerland.
                                                                      Developing markets:       Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia,
                                                                                                Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia.
                                                                      Emerging markets:         Armenia, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria,
                                                                                                Moldova, Montenegro, Nigeria, North Macedonia,
                                                                                                Romania, the Russian Federation, Serbia (including
                                                                                                the Republic of Kosovo) and Ukraine.




The Group’s operations in each of the three reportable segments have been aggregated on the basis of their similar economic characteristics,
assessed by reference to their net sales revenue per unit case as well as disposable income per capita, exposure to political and economic
volatility, regulatory environments, customers and distribution infrastructures. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same
as those adopted by the Group. The Group’s chief operating decision maker is its Operating Committee, which evaluates performance and
allocates resources based on volume, net sales revenue and operating profit.
146    COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




6. Segmental analysis continued
a) Volume and net sales revenue
The Group sales volume in million unit cases1 for the years ended 31 December was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                             2019                    2018
Established                                                                                                                                              624.5                619.5
Developing                                                                                                                                               431.1                429.0
Emerging                                                                                                                                               1,208.9              1,143.8
Total volume                                                                                                                                           2,264.5              2,192.3
1. One unit case corresponds to approximately 5.678 litres or 24 servings, being a typically used measure of volume. For biscuits volume, one unit case corresponds to 1 kilogram.
   Volume data is derived from unaudited operational data.

Net sales revenue per reportable segment for the years ended 31 December is presented in the graphs below:




              2019                                          2018
       €7,026.0m                                     €6,657.1m



  Established: €2,517.6m                        Established: €2,470.1m
  Developing: €1,352.1m                         Developing: €1,306.9m
  Emerging: €3,156.3m                           Emerging: €2,880.1m

Sales or transfers between the Group’s segments are not material, nor are there any customers who represent more than 10% of net sales
revenue for the Group.
In addition to non-alcoholic, ready-to-drink beverages (‘NARTD’), the Group sells and distributes premium spirits. An analysis of volume and net
sales revenue per product type for the years ended 31 December is presented below:
Volume in million unit cases1:                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
NARTD2                                                                                                                                                 2,261.8              2,189.7
Premium spirits1                                                                                                                                           2.7                  2.6
Total volume                                                                                                                                           2,264.5              2,192.3

Net sales revenue in € million:
NARTD                                                                                                                                                  6,845.7              6,471.8
Premium spirits                                                                                                                                          180.3                185.3
Total net sales revenue                                                                                                                                7,026.0              6,657.1
1. One unit case corresponds to approximately 5.678 litres or 24 servings, being a typically used measure of volume. For premium spirits volume, one unit case also corresponds
   to 5.678 litres. For biscuits volume, one unit case corresponds to 1 kilogram. Volume data is derived from unaudited operational data.
2. NARTD: non-alcoholic, ready-to-drink beverages.

Net sales revenue from external customers attributed to Switzerland (the Group’s country of domicile), Russia, Italy and Nigeria was as follows
for the years ended 31 December:
                                                                                                                                                            2019                  2018
                                                                                                                                                         € million             € million
Switzerland                                                                                                                                              399.6                402.3
Russia                                                                                                                                                 1,059.5                988.7
Italy                                                                                                                                                    897.6                868.3
Nigeria                                                                                                                                                  512.9                484.5
All countries other than Switzerland, Russia, Italy and Nigeria                                                                                        4,156.4              3,913.3
Total net sales revenue from external customers                                                                                                        7,026.0              6,657.1
                                                                                                           INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      147
                                                                                                                                                    SR

                                                                                                                                                    CG

                                                                                                                                                    FS

                                                                                                                                                    SSR

                                                                                                                                                    SI




b) Other income statement items
                                                                                                                          2019             2018
Year ended 31 December                                                                                   Note          € million        € million
Operating profit:
Established                                                                                                            236.0            232.0
Developing                                                                                                             139.0            130.7
Emerging                                                                                                               340.3            276.7
Total operating profit                                                                                                 715.3            639.4

Finance costs:
Established                                                                                                              (25.7)          (25.8)
Developing                                                                                                                (6.0)            (5.1)
Emerging                                                                                                                 (15.6)            (7.5)
Corporate³                                                                                                             (149.2)         (110.3)
Inter-segment finance costs                                                                                             123.1           101.3
Total finance costs                                                                                         9            (73.4)         (47.4)

Finance income:
Established                                                                                                               1.0             0.9
Developing                                                                                                                1.6             1.7
Emerging                                                                                                                 23.4            22.3
Corporate³                                                                                                              103.4            82.5
Inter-segment finance income                                                                                           (123.1)         (101.3)
Total finance income                                                                                        9             6.3             6.1

Income tax expense:
Established                                                                                                             (61.4)           (52.5)
Developing                                                                                                              (27.0)           (28.2)
Emerging                                                                                                                (66.2)           (66.0)
Corporate3                                                                                                              (18.6)           (16.1)
Total income tax expense                                                                                  10           (173.2)         (162.8)

Reconciling items:
Share of results of equity-method investments                                                             15            13.0             12.8
Profit after tax                                                                                                       488.0            448.1
3. Corporate refers to holding, finance and other non-operating subsidiaries of the Group.

Depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and amortisation of intangible assets included in the measure of operating profit
are as follows:
                                                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                                         Note          € million        € million
Depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment:
Established                                                                                                            (103.3)           (89.6)
Developing                                                                                                              (65.0)           (52.9)
Emerging                                                                                                               (216.5)         (176.2)
Total depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment                                        14           (384.8)         (318.7)
Amortisation of intangible assets:
Developing                                                                                                                (0.1)            (0.1)
Emerging                                                                                                                  (0.6)            (0.4)
Total amortisation of intangible assets                                                                   13              (0.7)            (0.5)
148    COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




6. Segmental analysis continued
c) Other items
The balance of non-current assets4 attributed to Switzerland (the Group’s country of domicile), Russia, Italy and Nigeria was as follows for the
years ended 31 December:
                                                                                                                              2019              2018
                                                                                                                           € million         € million
Switzerland                                                                                                                 546.7           509.0
Russia                                                                                                                      551.3           467.4
Italy                                                                                                                     1,087.7         1,000.7
Nigeria                                                                                                                     564.5           489.8
All countries other than Switzerland, Russia, Italy and Nigeria                                                           2,297.2         1,880.1
Total non-current assets⁴                                                                                                 5,047.4         4,347.0
4. Excluding other financial assets, deferred tax assets, pension plan assets, trade and loans receivable.

Expenditure of property, plant and equipment per reportable segment was as follows for the years ended 31 December:
                                                                                                                              2019              2018
                                                                                                                           € million         € million
Established                                                                                                                 102.0            95.7
Developing                                                                                                                   84.5            72.1
Emerging                                                                                                                    286.7           269.4
Total expenditure of property, plant and equipment                                                                          473.2           437.2

The Group continues to monitor the situation in Nigeria in order to ensure that timely actions and initiatives are undertaken to minimise potential
adverse impact on its performance, particularly in relation to potential currency volatility.

7. Net sales revenue
  Accounting policy
  The Group principally produces, sells and distributes ready-to-drink, primarily non-alcoholic, beverages. Under IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from
  contracts with customers’ the Group recognises revenue when control of the products is transferred, being when the products are delivered
  to the customer.
  Net sales revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and is stated net of sales discounts and
  consideration paid to customers. These mainly take the form of promotional incentives and are amortised over the terms of the related
  contracts as a deduction in revenue.
  The Group provides volume rebates to customers once the quantity of goods purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified
  in the contract. To estimate the variable consideration for the expected future rebates the Group uses the most likely amount method.
  Net sales revenue includes excise and other duties where the Group acts as a principal, but excludes amounts collected by third parties
  such as value-added taxes as these are not included in the transaction price. The Group assesses these taxes and duties on a
  jurisdiction‑by‑jurisdiction basis to conclude on the appropriate accounting treatment.
  Coca-Cola HBC receives contributions from The Coca-Cola Company in order to promote sales of its brands. Contributions for price
  support, marketing and promotional campaigns in respect of specific customers are recognised as an offset to promotional incentives
  provided to those customers to which the contributions contractually relate. These contributions are accrued and matched to the
  expenditure to which they relate (refer to Note 27).

Refer to Note 6 for an analysis of net sales revenue per reportable segment.

8. Operating expenses
Operating expenses for the year ended 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                              2019              2018
                                                                                                                           € million         € million
Selling expenses                                                                                                            938.6           927.3
Delivery expenses                                                                                                           539.2           522.1
Administrative expenses                                                                                                     411.5           393.7
Restructuring expenses                                                                                                       37.8            32.8
Acquisition costs (refer to Note 23)                                                                                          3.2               –
Operating expenses                                                                                                        1,930.3         1,875.9

In 2019, operating expenses included net gain on disposals of non-current assets of €6.2m (2018: €10.2m net gain).
                                                                                                             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       149
                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                       SI




a) Restructuring expenses
 Accounting policy
 Restructuring expenses are recorded in a separate line item within operating expenses and comprise costs arising from significant changes
 in the way the Group conducts its business such as significant supply chain infrastructure changes, outsourcing of activities and centralisation
 of processes. Redundancy provisions are recognised only when the Group has a present constructive obligation, which is when a detailed
 formal plan identifies the business or part of the business concerned, the location and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate
 of the associated costs, as well as an appropriate timeline, and the employees affected have been notified of the plan’s main features.

As part of the effort to optimise its cost base and sustain competitiveness in the marketplace, the Company undertakes restructuring initiatives.
The restructuring concerns mainly employees’ costs and impairment of property, plant and equipment (refer to Note 14). Restructuring
expenses per reportable segment for the years ended 31 December are presented below:




            2019                                2018
        €37.8m                              €32.8m



  Established: €20.0m                 Established: €4.9m
  Developing: €6.7m                   Developing: €4.0m
  Emerging: €11.1m                    Emerging: €23.9m

b) Employee costs
Employee costs for the years ended 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                             2019             2018
                                                                                                                          € million        € million
Wages and salaries                                                                                                        732.4            705.5
Social security costs                                                                                                     145.0            139.0
Pension and other employee benefits                                                                                       117.7            126.3
Termination benefits                                                                                                       42.2             22.4
Total employee costs                                                                                                    1,037.3            993.2

The average number of full-time equivalent employees in 2019 was 28,389 (2018: 28,884).
Employee costs for 2019 included in operating expenses and cost of goods sold amounted to €785.1m and €252.2m respectively
(2018: €766.2m and €227.0m respectively).

c) Directors’ and senior management remuneration
The total remuneration paid to or accrued for Directors and the senior management team for the years ended 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                             2019             2018
                                                                                                                          € million        € million
Salaries and other short-term benefits                                                                                      14.9             11.7
Performance share awards                                                                                                     5.5              6.3
Pension and post-employment benefits                                                                                         0.9              0.8
Total remuneration                                                                                                          21.3             18.8

d) Fees and other services of the auditor
Audit and other fees charged in the income statement concerning the auditor of the consolidated financial statements,
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. and affiliates, were as follows, for the years ended 31 December:
                                                                                                                             2019             2018
                                                                                                                          € million        € million
Audit fees                                                                                                                    4.9             4.3
Audit-related fees                                                                                                            0.4             0.4
Other fees                                                                                                                      –             0.1
Total audit and all other fees                                                                                                5.3             4.8
150   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




9. Finance costs, net
 Accounting policy
 Interest income and interest expense are recognised using the effective interest rate method, and are recorded in the income statement
 within ‘Finance income’ and ‘Finance costs’ respectively. Interest expense includes finance charges with respect to leases. Interest expense
 also includes amortisation of the loss on the forward starting swaps and the net impact from swaptions recorded in other comprehensive
 income (refer to Note 24).

Finance costs, net for the years ended 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                                     2019              2018
                                                                                                                                  € million         € million
Interest income                                                                                                                      6.3               6.1
Interest expense                                                                                                                   (71.3)            (46.5)
Other finance costs                                                                                                                 (2.6)              (1.3)
Net foreign exchange remeasurement gain                                                                                              0.5                0.4
Finance costs                                                                                                                      (73.4)            (47.4)
Finance costs, net                                                                                                                 (67.1)            (41.3)

Other finance costs include commitment fees on loan facilities (for the part not yet drawn down) and other similar fees.
For the interest expense incurred with respect to leases refer to Note 16.

10. Taxation
 Accounting policy
 Tax is recognised in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income
 or in equity. In this case, the tax is recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
 The current income tax expense is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in the
 countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
 respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions, where appropriate, on the
 basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
 Deferred tax is provided using the liability method for all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
 carrying values for financial reporting purposes. However, the deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition
 of goodwill. Deferred tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business
 combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
 at the balance sheet date are those that are expected to apply when the deferred tax asset is realised or deferred tax liability is settled.
 Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary
 differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that realisation of the related tax
 benefit through the reduction of the future taxes is probable.
 Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, except where the
 timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled by the Group, and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
 reverse in the foreseeable future. This includes taxation in respect of the retained earnings of overseas subsidiaries only to the extent that,
 at the balance sheet date, dividends have been accrued as receivable or a binding agreement to distribute past earnings in future periods has
 been entered into by the subsidiary.
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to offset current tax assets against current income
 tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where
 there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

 Critical accounting estimates
 The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
 determination cannot be assessed with certainty in the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises a provision for potential cases
 that might arise in the foreseeable future based on assessment of the probabilities as to whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final
 tax outcome on these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax provision
 in the period in which such determination is made. The income tax provision amounted to €95.1m as at 31 December 2019 (2018: €98.5m)
 and is included in the line ‘Current tax liabilities’ of the consolidated balance sheet.
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        151
                                                                                                                                                             SR

                                                                                                                                                             CG

                                                                                                                                                             FS

                                                                                                                                                             SSR

                                                                                                                                                             SI




The income tax charge for the years ended 31 December was as follows:
                                                                                                                                  2019              2018
                                                                                                                               € million         € million
Current tax expense                                                                                                             185.6            149.0
Deferred tax expense                                                                                                             (12.4)           13.8
Income tax expense                                                                                                              173.2            162.8

The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted average tax rate applicable
to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:
                                                                                                                                  2019              2018
                                                                                                                               € million         € million
Profit before tax                                                                                                               661.2            610.9

Tax calculated at domestic tax rates applicable to profits in the respective countries                                          139.9            122.8
Additional local taxes in foreign jurisdictions                                                                                    9.0              9.0
Tax holidays in foreign jurisdictions                                                                                             (3.6)             9.0
Expenses non-deductible for tax purposes                                                                                         23.8             16.7
Income not subject to tax                                                                                                         (5.1)            (8.9)
Changes in tax laws and rates                                                                                                      0.9              1.4
Movement of accumulated tax losses                                                                                                 3.5             (1.5)
Movement of deferred tax asset not recognised                                                                                      0.4             (0.5)
Other                                                                                                                              4.4            14.8
Income tax expense                                                                                                              173.2            162.8

Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes include marketing and advertising expenses, service fees, bad debt provisions, entertainment
expenses, certain employee benefits and other items that, partially or in full, are not deductible for tax purposes in certain of our jurisdictions.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities presented in the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December can be further analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                  2019              2018
Deferred tax assets:                                                                                                           € million         € million
To be recovered after 12 months                                                                                                   47.6             29.4
To be recovered within 12 months                                                                                                  85.2             78.0
Gross deferred tax assets                                                                                                       132.8            107.4
Offset of deferred tax                                                                                                           (68.3)           (60.0)
Net deferred tax assets                                                                                                           64.5            47.4

Deferred tax liabilities:
To be recovered after 12 months                                                                                                (204.1)          (162.2)
To be recovered within 12 months                                                                                                (23.7)            (29.1)
Gross deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 (227.8)          (191.3)
Offset of deferred tax                                                                                                           68.3              60.0
Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                   (159.5)          (131.3)

A reconciliation of net deferred tax is presented below:
                                                                                                                                  2019              2018
                                                                                                                               € million         € million
As at 1 January                                                                                                                 (83.9)            (74.9)
Taken to the income statement                                                                                                    12.4             (13.8)
Arising on acquisitions (refer to Note 23)                                                                                      (17.5)                 –
Taken to other comprehensive income                                                                                                3.2              (2.3)
Taken directly to equity                                                                                                          (3.2)              1.3
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                      (6.0)              5.8
As at 31 December                                                                                                               (95.0)            (83.9)
152    COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




10. Taxation continued
The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the offsetting of balances within the same
tax jurisdiction where applicable, are as follows:
                                                                                                                            Book in                               Other
                                                                                   Pensions and        Tax losses      excess of tax                           deferred
                                                                   Provisions      benefit plans    carry-forward      depreciation           Leasing         tax assets            Total
Deferred tax assets                                                  € million          € million         € million        € million          € million         € million        € million
As at 1 January 2018                                                   49.8               18.7              10.4              20.2                7.7               7.5           114.3
Taken to the income statement                                           (7.0)               2.0              (6.8)             (2.2)             (0.7)            10.2              (4.5)
Taken to other comprehensive income                                        –               (4.0)                –                 –                 –               1.1             (2.9)
Taken directly to equity                                                   –                  –                 –                 –                 –               1.3              1.3
Transfers between assets / liabilities                                     –                  –                 –               0.9                 –                 –              0.9
Foreign currency translation                                            (1.4)               0.1              (0.4)              0.3                 –              (0.3)            (1.7)
As at 31 December 2018                                                 41.4               16.8                3.2             19.2                7.0             19.8            107.4
Adjustment on adoption of IFRS 16*                                         –                  –                 –              (9.8)            25.4               (0.2)           15.4
As at 1 January 2019                                                   41.4               16.8                3.2               9.4             32.4              19.6            122.8
Arising on acquisitions (refer to Note 23)                               0.4                0.1                 –                 –                 –               0.1              0.6
Taken to the income statement                                           (3.3)              (2.8)             (1.9)              4.0              (3.5)            11.8               4.3
Taken to other comprehensive income                                        –                1.7                 –                 –                 –               1.2              2.9
Taken directly to equity                                                   –                  –                 –                 –                 –              (3.2)            (3.2)
Transfers between assets / liabilities                                   0.3                1.8                 –               1.3                 –              (1.2)             2.2
Foreign currency translation                                             2.4                0.1               0.1               0.2               0.1               0.3              3.2
As at 31 December 2019                                                 41.2               17.7               1.4              14.9              29.0              28.6            132.8
                                                                                                                       Tax in excess                               Other
                                                                                                                             of book        Derivative      deferred tax
                                                                                                                       depreciation       instruments           liabilities         Total
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                    € million          € million        € million        € million
As at 1 January 2018                                                                                                       (176.0)               (2.0)            (11.2)         (189.2)
Taken to the income statement                                                                                                  (5.0)              0.1               (4.4)          (9.3)
Taken to other comprehensive income                                                                                               –              (0.1)               0.7            0.6
Transfers between assets / liabilities                                                                                         (0.9)                –                  –           (0.9)
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                    8.3                 –               (0.8)           7.5
As at 31 December 2018                                                                                                     (173.6)               (2.0)            (15.7)         (191.3)
Adjustment on adoption of IFRS 16*                                                                                           (15.4)                 –                  –          (15.4)
As at 1 January 2019                                                                                                       (189.0)               (2.0)            (15.7)         (206.7)
Arising on acquisitions (refer to Note 23)                                                                                   (18.2)                 –                0.1          (18.1)
Taken to the income statement                                                                                                 10.4                0.1               (2.4)           8.1
Taken to other comprehensive income                                                                                               –               0.3                  –            0.3
Transfers between assets / liabilities                                                                                         (0.6)                –               (1.6)          (2.2)
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                   (8.9)                –               (0.3)          (9.2)
As at 31 December 2019                                                                                                     (206.3)               (1.6)            (19.9)         (227.8)
** In 2018 the Group was accounting for its leasing activities under IAS 17 ‘Leases’. From 2019 right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
   under IFRS 16 ‘Leases’. Refer to Note 16 for details about the change in accounting policy.

Deferred tax assets recognised for tax losses carry-forward in accordance with the relevant local rules applying in the Group’s jurisdictions can
be analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                               2019                  2018
                                                                                                                                                            € million             € million
Attributable to tax losses that expire within five years                                                                                                        1.0                  1.6
Attributable to tax losses that can be carried forward indefinitely                                                                                             0.4                  1.6
Recognised deferred tax assets attributable to tax losses                                                                                                       1.4                  3.2

The Group has unrecognised deferred tax assets attributable to tax losses that are available to carry forward against future taxable income
of €24.3m (2018: €13.4m). These are analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                               2019                  2018
                                                                                                                                                            € million             € million
Attributable to tax losses that expire within five years                                                                                                      16.1                  12.1
Attributable to tax losses that expire after five years                                                                                                        8.2                   1.3
Unrecognised deferred tax assets attributable to tax losses                                                                                                   24.3                  13.4
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       153
                                                                                                                                                            SR

                                                                                                                                                            CG

                                                                                                                                                            FS

                                                                                                                                                            SSR

                                                                                                                                                            SI




The aggregate amount of distributable reserves arising from the realised earnings of the Group’s operations was €2,389.4m in 2019
(2018: €2,271.5m). No deferred tax liabilities have been recognised on such reserves given that their distribution is controlled by the Group or,
in the event of plans to remit overseas earnings of subsidiaries, such distribution would not give rise to a tax liability.

11. Earnings per share
 Accounting policy
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to the owners of the parent by the weighted average number
 of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. The weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year is the number
 of ordinary shares outstanding at the beginning of the year, adjusted by the number of ordinary shares bought back or issued during the year
 multiplied by a time-weighting factor. Diluted earnings per share incorporates stock options for which the average share price for the year
 is in excess of the exercise price of the stock option and which create a dilutive effect.

The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the parent entity is based on the following data:
                                                                                                                                  2019             2018
Net profit attributable to the owners of the parent (€ million)                                                                487.5            447.4
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of basic earnings per share (million)                              363.7            367.9
Effect of dilutive stock options (million)                                                                                       2.2              2.2
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share (million)                            365.9            370.1
Basic earnings per share (€)                                                                                                    1.34             1.22
Diluted earnings per share (€)                                                                                                  1.33             1.21


12. Components of other comprehensive income
The components of other comprehensive income for the years ended 31 December comprise:
                                                                           2019                                            2018
                                                           Before-tax      Tax expense     Net-of-tax     Before-tax       Tax expense        Net-of-tax
                                                             € million         € million     € million      € million          € million        € million
Cost of hedging (refer to Note 24)                             (11.1)                –         (11.1)           (5.3)                –              (5.3)
Cash flow hedges (refer to Note 24)                              2.5               1.4           3.9             6.3               1.0               7.3
Foreign currency translation                                  123.4                  –        123.4           (63.1)                 –            (63.1)
Equity investments at fair value through other
comprehensive income                                             0.2                 –           0.2           (0.3)               0.1             (0.2)
Actuarial (losses) / gains                                     (17.0)              1.8         (15.2)         20.8                (3.4)           17.4
Share of other comprehensive income of
equity-method investments                                       0.7                  –          0.7            0.6                   –             0.6
Other comprehensive income / (loss)                            98.7                3.2        101.9          (41.0)               (2.3)          (43.3)

The foreign currency translation gain for 2019 primarily relates to the Russian rouble but also the Swiss franc and Ukrainian hryvnia, while the
majority of the loss from the foreign currency translation for 2018 related to the Russian rouble.

13. Intangible assets
 Accounting policy
 Intangible assets consist of goodwill, franchise agreements, trademarks and water rights. Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets
 are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, while intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over their useful economic lives.
 The useful lives, both finite and indefinite, assigned to intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis.

 Intangible assets with indefinite lives (‘not subject to amortisation’)
 Intangible assets not subject to amortisation consist of goodwill, franchise agreements and trademarks.
 Goodwill is the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the share of net assets acquired. Goodwill and fair value
 adjustments arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries are treated as the assets and liabilities of those subsidiaries. These balances are
 denominated in the functional currency of the subsidiary and are translated to Euro on a basis consistent with the other assets and liabilities
 of the subsidiary.
 The useful life of franchise agreements is usually based on the term of the respective franchise agreements. The Coca-Cola Company does
 not grant perpetual franchise rights outside the United States. However, given the Group’s strategic relationship with The Coca-Cola Company
 and consistent with past experience, the Group believes that franchise agreements will continue to be renewed at each expiration date with
 no significant costs. The Group has concluded that the franchise agreements are perpetual in nature and they have therefore been assigned
 indefinite useful lives.
154   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




13. Intangible assets continued
 Accounting policy continued
 Intangible assets with indefinite lives (‘not subject to amortisation’) continued
 The Group’s trademarks are assigned an indefinite useful life when they have an established sales history in the applicable region. It is the
 intention of the Group to receive a benefit from them indefinitely and there is no indication that this will not be the case.
 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication of impairment.
 For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units expected to benefit from the
 business combination in which the goodwill arose. Other indefinite-lived intangible assets are also allocated to the Group’s cash-generating
 units expected to benefit from those intangibles. The cash-generating units (‘unit’) to which goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible
 assets have been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired.
 If the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the value in use and fair value less costs to sell) of the cash-generating unit is less than the
 carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then
 pro rata to the other assets of the unit on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Impairment losses recognised against
 goodwill are not reversed in subsequent periods.

 Intangible assets with finite lives
 Intangible assets with finite lives mainly consist of water rights and certain brands, are amortised over their useful economic lives and are
 carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

 Critical accounting estimates
 Determining whether goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the
 cash‑generating units to which they have been allocated in order to determine the recoverable amount of the cash-generating units.
 The value-in-use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit and
 a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present value.

The movements in intangible assets by classes of assets during the year are as follows:
                                                                                              Franchise                     Other intangible
                                                                                Goodwill    agreements      Trademarks               assets         Total
                                                                                € million       € million       € million           € million    € million
Cost
As at 1 January 2018                                                          1,803.6           145.9             64.7                26.3      2,040.5
Additions                                                                           –               –               1.5                  –           1.5
Foreign currency translation                                                      1.1             0.3              (6.5)                 –          (5.1)
As at 31 December 2018                                                        1,804.7           146.2             59.7                26.3      2,036.9
Amortisation
As at 1 January 2018                                                            182.4               –              8.9                19.3        210.6
Charge for the year                                                                 –               –              0.1                 0.4          0.5
As at 31 December 2018                                                          182.4               –              9.0                19.7        211.1
Net book value as at 1 January 2018                                           1,621.2           145.9             55.8                 7.0      1,829.9
Net book value as at 31 December 2018                                         1,622.3           146.2             50.7                 6.6      1,825.8
Cost
As at 1 January 2019                                                          1,804.7           146.2             59.7                26.3      2,036.9
Intangible assets arising on current-year acquisitions (refer to
Note 23)                                                                        115.0               –           121.1                  1.3        237.4
Foreign currency translation                                                     36.4             0.2             6.3                    –         42.9
As at 31 December 2019                                                        1,956.1           146.4           187.1                 27.6      2,317.2
Amortisation
As at 1 January 2019                                                            182.4               –             9.0                 19.7        211.1
Charge for the year                                                                 –               –             0.3                  0.4          0.7
As at 31 December 2019                                                          182.4               –             9.3                 20.1        211.8
Net book value as at 1 January 2019                                           1,622.3           146.2            50.7                  6.6      1,825.8
Net book value as at 31 December 2019                                         1,773.7           146.4           177.8                  7.5      2,105.4
                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     155
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

                                                                                                                                                         SI




Intangible assets not subject to amortisation amounted to €2,092.0m (2018: €1,816.1m), and are presented in the charts below:




           2019                                   2018
      €2,092.0m                                €1,816.1m



  Goodwill: €1,773.7m                   Goodwill: €1,622.3m
  Franchise agreements: €146.4m         Franchise agreements: €146.2m
  Trademarks: €171.9m                   Trademarks: €47.6m

The carrying value of intangible assets subject to amortisation amounted to €13.4m (2018: €9.7m) and comprised water rights of €7.5m
and trademarks of €5.9m (2018: €6.6m water rights and €3.1m trademarks).

Impairment tests for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets
The recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit was determined through a value-in-use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow
projections based on financial budgets approved by the Board of Directors covering a one-year period and cash projections for four additional
years. Cash flows for years two to five were projected by management based on operation- and market-specific high-level assumptions
including growth rates, discount rates and forecast selling prices and direct costs. Management determined gross margins based on past
performance, expectations for the development of the market and expectations about raw material costs. The growth rates used in perpetuity
reflect the forecasts in line with management beliefs. These forecasts exceeded, in certain cases, those expected for the industry in general, due
to the strength of our brand portfolio. Management estimates discount rates using rates that reflect current market assessments of the time
value of money and risks specific to the countries of operation. The Group applies post-tax discount rates to post-tax cash flows as the valuation
calculated using this method closely approximates to applying pre-tax discount rates to pre-tax cash flows.
No impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets was indicated from the impairment tests of 2019 and 2018.
The following table sets forth the carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for those cash-generating units whose
carrying value is greater than 10% of the total, as at 31 December 2019.
                                                                                                         Franchise
                                                                                         Goodwill      Agreements         Trademarks           Total
                                                                                         € million         € million          € million     € million
Italy                                                                                     625.2            126.9                  –         752.1
Switzerland                                                                               423.0                –                  –         423.0
The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland                                              249.6                –                  –         249.6
Koncern Bambi a.d. Požarevac                                                              115.0                –              118.3         233.3
All other cash-generating units                                                           360.9             19.5               53.6         434.0
Total                                                                                   1,773.7            146.4              171.9       2,092.0
156   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




13. Intangible assets continued
For the above cash-generating units, cash flows beyond the five-year period (the period in perpetuity) have been extrapolated using the
following estimated growth and discount rates:

                                                                                                        Growth rate in perpetuity            Discount rate
Intangible assets not subject to amortisation as at                                                               (%)                             (%)
31 December 2019 (%)                                                                                          2019           2018            2019            2018

                                    Italy: 36%
                                                                     Italy                                    2.5            2.5             6.9             7.0
                                    Switzerland: 20%                 Switzerland                              1.5            1.2             5.2             6.0
                                    The Republic of Ireland and      The Republic of Ireland
                                    Northern Ireland: 12%
                                    Koncern Bambi a.d.               and Northern Ireland                     3.0            2.9             5.3             6.0
                                    Požarevac: 11%                   Koncern Bambi a.d. Požarevac             4.5              –             7.7               –
                                    Other: 21%




Sensitivity analysis
In the cash-generating unit of Nigeria, which held €21.2m of goodwill and franchise agreements as at 31 December 2019, possible changes
in certain key assumptions of the 2019 impairment test would remove the remaining headroom. As at 31 December 2019, the recoverable
amount of the Nigerian cash-generating unit calculated based on value in use exceeded carrying value by €314.3m; changes per assumption
that would eliminate remaining headroom are summarised in the table below:
                                                                                                       Average gross        Growth rate in              Discount
                                                                                                        profit margin          perpetuity                   rate

Nigeria                                                                                                    410bps               310bps                 260bps


14. Property, plant and equipment
 Accounting policy
 All property, plant and equipment is initially recorded at cost and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and
 impairment losses. Subsequent expenditure is added to the carrying value of the asset when it is probable that future economic benefits,
 in excess of the original assessed standard of performance of the existing asset, will flow to the operation and the costs can be measured
 reliably. All other subsequent expenditure is expensed in the period in which it is incurred.
 Assets under construction are recorded as part of property, plant and equipment and depreciation on these assets commences when the
 assets are made available for use.
 Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis to allocate the depreciable amount over the estimated useful life of the assets as follows:
 Freehold buildings and improvements                                        40 years
 Leasehold buildings and improvements                                       Over the lease term, up to 40 years
 Production equipment                                                       4 to 20 years
 Vehicles                                                                   5 to 8 years
 Computer hardware and software                                             3 to 10 years
 Marketing equipment                                                        3 to 10 years
 Fixtures and fittings                                                      8 years
 Returnable containers                                                      3 to 12 years

 Freehold land is not depreciated as it is considered to have an indefinite life.
 Deposits received for returnable containers by customers are accounted for as deposit liabilities (refer to Note 20).
 Residual values and useful lives of assets are reviewed and adjusted if appropriate at each balance sheet date.
 Property, plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
 may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable
 amount, which is the higher of the asset’s fair value less cost to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
 grouped at the lowest level of separately identifiable cash flows.
 For accounting policy regarding right-of-use assets refer to Note 16 ‘Leases’.
                                                                                                           INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    157
                                                                                                                                                  SR

                                                                                                                                                  CG

                                                                                                                                                  FS

                                                                                                                                                  SSR

                                                                                                                                                  SI




The movements of property, plant and equipment by class of assets are as follows:
                                                                     Land and        Plant and     Returnable      Assets under
                                                                     buildings      equipment      containers      construction          Total
                                                                      € million       € million      € million         € million      € million
Cost
As at 1 January 2018                                                1,384.0         3,525.1          376.0               92.7       5,377.8
Additions                                                               10.4           177.9           34.8             235.1         458.2
Disposals                                                                (7.3)        (192.8)         (15.7)              (3.5)      (219.3)
Reclassified from assets held for sale (refer to Note 19)                   –              0.7            –                  –           0.7
Reclassified to assets held for sale (refer to Note 19)                  (9.7)            (3.6)           –                  –         (13.3)
Reclassifications                                                       48.2           174.9            1.3            (224.4)             –
Foreign currency translation                                           (28.2)           (84.1)          3.9                0.1       (108.3)
As at 31 December 2018                                              1,397.4         3,598.1          400.3             100.0        5,495.8
Depreciation and impairment
As at 1 January 2018                                                  431.4         2,408.4          214.9                1.1       3,055.8
Charge for the year                                                    37.4            242.3           25.4                 –         305.1
Impairment                                                               5.1               6.8          1.7                 –           13.6
Disposals                                                               (3.7)         (187.1)         (10.3)                –        (201.1)
Reclassified from assets held for sale (refer to Note 19)                  –               0.5            –                 –             0.5
Reclassified to assets held for sale (refer to Note 19)                 (6.8)             (2.2)           –                 –            (9.0)
Foreign currency translation                                            (8.8)           (53.4)          1.5                 –          (60.7)
As at 31 December 2018                                                454.6         2,415.3          233.2                1.1       3,104.2
Net book value as at 31 December 2018                                 942.8         1,182.8          167.1               98.9       2,391.6
Cost
As at 31 December 2018                                              1,397.4         3,598.1          400.3              100.0       5,495.8
Adjustment on adoption of IFRS 16 (refer to Note 16)                   (20.7)           (89.2)            –                 –        (109.9)
As at 1 January 2019                                                1,376.7         3,508.9          400.3              100.0       5,385.9
Additions                                                                 8.7          168.7           39.9             246.3         463.6
Arising from business combinations (refer to Note 23)                   12.5             11.7             –               0.2           24.4
Disposals                                                                (5.2)        (162.2)         (19.3)                –        (186.7)
Reclassified from assets held for sale (refer to Note 19)                   –              0.1            –                 –            0.1
Reclassified to assets held for sale (refer to Note 19)                (15.0)             (9.6)           –                 –          (24.6)
Reclassifications                                                       70.5           154.7            0.2            (225.4)             –
Foreign currency translation                                            42.2           135.6            4.0               2.4         184.2
As at 31 December 2019                                              1,490.4         3,807.9          425.1             123.5        5,846.9
Depreciation and impairment
As at 31 December 2018                                                454.6         2,415.3          233.2                  1.1     3,104.2
Adjustment on adoption of IFRS 16 (refer to Note 16)                    (4.4)           (35.0)            –                   –        (39.4)
As at 1 January 2019                                                  450.2         2,380.3          233.2                  1.1     3,064.8
Charge for the year                                                    41.6            254.0           26.7                   –       322.3
Impairment                                                               0.9               8.9          0.3                (0.1)        10.0
Disposals                                                               (2.6)         (153.4)         (14.7)                  –      (170.7)
Reclassified to assets held for sale (refer to Note 19)                 (6.9)             (4.8)           –                   –        (11.7)
Foreign currency translation                                           13.7              79.0           1.5                   –         94.2
As at 31 December 2019                                                496.9         2,564.0          247.0                 1.0      3,308.9
Net book value as at 31 December 2019
excluding right-of-use assets                                         993.5         1,243.9          178.1             122.5        2,538.0
Net book value of right-of-use assets
as at 31 December 2019                                                 84.0           120.2              –                 –           204.2
Net book value as at 31 December 2019                               1,077.5         1,364.1          178.1             122.5         2,742.2

Assets under construction at 31 December 2019 include advances for equipment purchases of €22.7m (2018: €13.3m). Depreciation charge for
the year included in operating expenses amounted to €193.2m (2018: €142.3m). Depreciation charge for the year included in cost of goods sold
amounted to €181.6m (2018: €162.8m).
158   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




14. Property, plant and equipment continued
Impairment of property, plant and equipment
In 2018 the Group recorded impairment losses of €2.9m, €1.5m and €12.3m and reversals of impairment of €1.2m, €0.1m and €1.8m relating to
property, plant and equipment in the Established, Developing and Emerging segments respectively. These amounts include impairment related
to restructuring initiatives (refer to Note 8). The impaired assets, being mainly buildings and production equipment, were written down based
mainly on value-in-use calculations.
In 2019 the Group recorded impairment losses of €2.5m, €1.5m and €8.2m and reversals of impairment of €0.4m, €0.2m and €1.6m relating to
property, plant and equipment in the Established, Developing and Emerging segments respectively. These amounts include impairment related
to restructuring initiatives (refer to Note 8). The impaired assets, being mainly buildings and production equipment, were written down based
mainly on value-in-use calculations.

Leased assets
 Accounting policy 2018
 Leases of property, plant and equipment, where the Group had substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership, were classified as finance
 leases. Finance leases were capitalised at the inception of the lease at the lower of the fair value of the leased assets and the present value
 of the minimum lease payments. Each lease payment was allocated between liability and finance charges to achieve a constant rate on the
 finance balance outstanding. The corresponding lease obligations, net of finance charges, were included in current and non-current borrowings.
 The interest element of the finance cost was charged to the income statement over the lease period, so as to produce a constant periodic
 rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period (refer to Note 25). Property, plant and equipment acquired under
 finance lease was depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the asset and the lease term. The useful life for lease assets corresponded
 with the Group policy for the depreciable life of property, plant and equipment.
 From 1 January 2019 leased assets are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ (refer to Note 16 ‘Leases’ for details).

As at 31 December 2018 included in property, plant and equipment were assets held under finance leases in accordance with IAS 17 ‘Leases’,
where the Group was the lessee, as follows:
                                                                                                                                              2018
                                                                                                                                           € million
Cost                                                                                                                                       109.9
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                                    (39.4)
Net book value as at 31 December 2018                                                                                                       70.5

Net book value of assets held under finance leases by classes of assets was as follows:
Plant and equipment                                                                                                                          54.2
Land and buildings                                                                                                                           16.3
Net book value                                                                                                                               70.5
                                                                                                                       INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019         159
                                                                                                                                                                   SR

                                                                                                                                                                   CG

                                                                                                                                                                   FS

                                                                                                                                                                   SSR

                                                                                                                                                                   SI




15. Interests in other entities
List of principal subsidiaries
The following are the principal subsidiaries of the Group as at 31 December:
                                                                                                                      % of voting rights             % ownership
                                                                                       Country of registration      2019           2018       2019         2018
AS Coca-Cola HBC Eesti                                                                 Estonia                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
CCB Management Services GmbH                                                           Austria                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
CCHBC Armenia CJSC1                                                                    Armenia                   100.0%       90.0%        100.0%      90.0%
CCHBC Bulgaria AD                                                                      Bulgaria                   99.4%       99.4%         99.4%      99.4%
Coca-Cola Imbuteliere Chisinau SRL                                                     Moldova                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
CCHBC Insurance (Guernsey) Limited                                                     Guernsey                  100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
CCHBC IT Services Limited                                                              Bulgaria                  100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
CCHBC Reinsurance Designated Activity Company2                                         Republic of Ireland       100.0%           –        100.0%          –
Coca-Cola Beverages Austria GmbH                                                       Austria                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola Beverages Belorussiya                                                        Belarus                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola Beverages Ukraine Ltd                                                        Ukraine                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC B-H d.o.o. Sarajevo                                                      Bosnia and Herzegovina    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Česko a Slovensko, s.r.o.                                                Czech Republic            100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Česko a Slovensko, s.r.o. – organizačná zložka                           Slovakia                  100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Cyprus Ltd3                                                              Cyprus                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V.                                                             The Netherlands           100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C.                                                          Greece                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Holdings B.V.                                                            The Netherlands           100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Hrvatska d.o.o.                                                          Croatia                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Hungary Ltd                                                              Hungary                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Ireland Limited                                                          Republic of Ireland       100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Italia S.r.l.                                                            Italy                     100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Kosovo L.L.C.                                                            Kosovo                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Northern Ireland Limited                                                 Northern Ireland          100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Polska sp. z o.o.                                                        Poland                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Romania Ltd                                                              Romania                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Services MEPE                                                            Greece                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Slovenija d.o.o.                                                         Slovenia                  100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola HBC Sourcing B.V.4                                                           The Netherlands           100.0%           –        100.0%          –
Coca-Cola HBC Switzerland Ltd                                                          Switzerland                99.9%       99.9%         99.9%      99.9%
Coca-Cola HBC-Srbija d.o.o.                                                            Serbia                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company-Crna Gora d.o.o., Podgorica                        Montenegro                100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola Hellenic Business Service Organisation                                       Bulgaria                  100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Coca-Cola Hellenic Procurement GmbH                                                    Austria                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
CC Beverages Holdings II B.V.                                                          The Netherlands           100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Koncern Bambi a.d. Požarevac5                                                          Serbia                    100.0%           –        100.0%          –
LLC Coca-Cola HBC Eurasia                                                              Russia                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Nigerian Bottling Company Ltd                                                          Nigeria                   100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
SIA Coca-Cola HBC Latvia                                                               Latvia                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
Star Bottling Limited                                                                  Cyprus                    100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
UAB Coca-Cola HBC Lietuva                                                              Lithuania                 100.0%      100.0%        100.0%     100.0%
1. Remaining non-controlling interest was acquired on 12 November 2019 (refer to Note 23).
2. CCHBC Reinsurance Designated Activity Company was incorporated on 24 January 2019.
3. Effective 17 October 2019 the entity has been renamed Coca-Cola HBC Cyprus Ltd (formerly Lanitis Bros Ltd).
4. Coca-Cola HBC Sourcing B.V. was incorporated on 20 May 2019.
5. Effective 18 June 2019 Coca-Cola HBC acquired Koncern Bambi a.d. Požarevac (refer to Note 23).
160   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




15. Interests in other entities continued
Associates and joint arrangements
 Accounting policies
 Investments in associates
 Investments in associated undertakings are accounted for by the equity method of accounting. Associated undertakings are all entities over
 which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% to 50% of the voting rights.
 The equity method of accounting involves recognising the Group’s share of the associates’ post-acquisition profit or loss and movements
 in other comprehensive income for the period in the income statement and other comprehensive income respectively. Unrealised gains and
 losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate.
 The Group’s interest in each associate is carried in the balance sheet at an amount that reflects its share of the net assets of the associate
 and includes goodwill on acquisition. When the Group’s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, the
 Group does not recognise further losses, unless the Group has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

 Investments in joint arrangements
 Joint arrangements are arrangements in which the Group has contractually agreed sharing of control, which exists only when decisions about
 the relevant activities require unanimous consent. Joint arrangements are classified as joint ventures or joint operations depending upon the
 rights and obligations arising from the joint arrangement.
 The Group classifies a joint arrangement as a joint venture when the Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement. The Group
 accounts for its interests in joint ventures using the equity method of accounting as described in the section above.
 The Group classifies a joint arrangement as a joint operation when the Group has the rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities,
 of the arrangement and accounts for each of its assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, including its share of those held or incurred jointly,
 in relation to the joint operation.
 If facts and circumstances change, the Group reassesses whether it still has joint control and whether the type of joint arrangement in which
 it is involved has changed.

 Critical accounting judgements
 The Group participates in several joint arrangements. Judgement is required in order to determine their classification as a joint venture where
 the Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, or a joint operation where the Group has rights to the assets and obligations for
 the liabilities of the arrangement. In making this judgement, consideration is given to the legal form of the arrangement, and the contractual
 terms and conditions, as well as other facts and circumstances (including the economic rationale of the arrangement and the impact of the
 legal framework).


a) Equity-method investments
Changes in the carrying amounts of equity-method investments are as follows:
                                                                                                          Associates     Joint ventures          Total
                                                                                                            € million           € million     € million
As at 1 January 2018                                                                                          22.0              74.8            96.8
Capital increase                                                                                                  –               0.3             0.3
Additions                                                                                                         –               1.0             1.0
Share of results of equity-method investments                                                                   5.1               7.7           12.8
Share of other comprehensive income of equity-method investments                                                0.5               0.1             0.6
Share of total comprehensive income                                                                             5.6               7.8           13.4
Return of capital                                                                                                 –              (0.9)           (0.9)
Dividends                                                                                                      (2.8)             (8.5)         (11.3)
As at 31 December 2018                                                                                        24.8              74.5            99.3
Additions                                                                                                         –             44.5            44.5
Share of results of equity-method investments                                                                   4.6               8.4           13.0
Share of other comprehensive income of equity-method investments                                                0.5               0.2             0.7
Share of total comprehensive income                                                                             5.1               8.6           13.7
Return of capital                                                                                                 –              (0.8)           (0.8)
Dividends                                                                                                      (0.7)             (7.5)           (8.2)
As at 31 December 2019                                                                                        29.2             119.3          148.5

Included in investment in associates is the Group’s investment in Frigoglass Industries (Nigeria) Limited. The Group has an effective interest
of 23.9% in Frigoglass Industries (Nigeria) Limited (2018: 23.9%) through its investment in Nigeria Bottling Company Ltd.
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       161
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

                                                                                                                                                         SI




In 2019, Frigoglass West Africa Ltd merged with Frigoglass Industries (Nigeria) Limited. Frigoglass Industries (Nigeria) Limited, an associate
in which the Group holds an effective interest of 23.9% through its subsidiary Nigerian Bottling Company Ltd, is guarantor under the amended
banking facilities and notes issued by the Frigoglass Group, as part of the debt restructuring of the latter. The Group has no direct exposure
arising from this guarantee arrangement, but the Group’s investment in this associate, which stood at €25.2m as at 31 December 2019, would
be at potential risk if there was a default under the terms of the amended banking facilities or the notes and the Frigoglass Group (including the
guarantor) was unable to meet its obligations thereunder.
On 6 December 2019, the Group acquired, in conjunction with The Coca-Cola Company, Acque Minerali S.r.l, a mineral water and adult sparkling
beverages business in Italy. The transaction resulted in the Group holding a 50% effective interest in Acque Minerali S.r.l. The relevant investment
of €44.5m which includes acquisition costs of €0.7m was classified in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 11 ‘Joint arrangements’ as an
investment in a joint venture and provides the Group and The Coca-Cola Company with rights to the entity’s net assets. Consideration of €1.8m
and acquisition costs of €0.2m were not yet paid as at 31 December 2019.
During 2018, the Group reorganised its Water business joint operation in Serbia, which resulted in an increase to investments in joint ventures
of €1.0m.

Investments in joint ventures
The Group has a significant joint venture with Heineken that is conducted through a number of legal entities being the BrewTech B.V. Group
of companies, which is engaged in the bottling and distribution of soft drinks and beer in North Macedonia. BrewTech B.V. is incorporated in the
Netherlands and the Group owns 50% (2018: 50%) of its share capital. The structure of the joint venture provides the Group with rights to its
net assets.
Summarised financial information of the Group’s significant joint venture is as follows (the information below reflects the amount presented
in the IFRS financial statements of the joint venture, and not the Group’s share in those amounts):
                                                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                                                            € million        € million
Summarised balance sheet:
Non-current assets                                                                                                            54.7             51.6
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       2.3              1.8
Other current assets                                                                                                          11.1             11.1
Total current assets                                                                                                          13.4             12.9
Total current liabilities                                                                                                    (18.1)           (15.4)
Non-current other liabilities                                                                                                  (0.5)            (0.2)
Net assets                                                                                                                    49.5             48.9

Summarised statement of comprehensive income:
Revenue                                                                                                                       74.6             67.2
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                  (5.1)            (3.3)
Profit before tax                                                                                                             18.4             16.8
Income tax expense                                                                                                             (2.2)            (2.0)
Profit after tax                                                                                                              16.2             14.8
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                    16.2             14.8
Dividends received and capital returns (refer to Note 27)                                                                       7.7             7.4

Reconciliation of net assets to carrying amount:
Closing net assets                                                                                                            49.5             48.9
Interest in joint venture at 50%                                                                                              24.8             24.5
Goodwill                                                                                                                      16.9             16.9
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                       (1.6)            (1.6)
Carrying value                                                                                                                40.1             39.8

Summarised financial information of the Group’s investment in other joint ventures is as follows:
                                                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                                                            € million        € million
Carrying amount                                                                                                               79.2             34.7
Share of profit                                                                                                                0.3              0.3
Share of other comprehensive income                                                                                            0.2              0.1
Share of total comprehensive income                                                                                            0.5              0.4
162   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




15. Interests in other entities continued
b) Joint operations with TCCC
The Group has a 50% interest in the Multon Z.A.O. group of companies (‘Multon’). Multon is engaged in the production and distribution of juices
in Russia and is classified as a joint operation as the arrangement gives the Group rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating
to the joint arrangement. Other joint operations of the Group comprise mainly a 50% interest in each of the water businesses depicted below,
which are engaged in the production and distribution of water in the respective countries.
Country                             Joint operation                                 Country                             Joint operation
Austria                             Römerquelle                                     Poland                              Multivita
Italy                               Fonti del Vulture                               Switzerland                         Valser
Romania                             Dorna                                           Serbia                              Vlasinka
Baltics                             Neptūno Vandenys


16. Leases
 Accounting policy
 From 1 January 2019, leases for which the Group is in a lessee position are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease
 liability at the date at which the lease asset is available for use by the Group. Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on
 a net-present-value basis and are recognised as part of ‘Property, plant and equipment’, ‘Current borrowings’ and ‘Non-current borrowings’
 in the consolidated balance sheet, respectively.
 Lease contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the payments in the contract to the lease and
 non-lease component respectively. Consideration relevant to the non-lease component is recognised as an expense in the consolidated
 income statement over the period of the lease.
 Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:
 a) fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) over the lease term, less any lease incentives receivable;
 b) variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate;
 c) amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
 d) the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain it will exercise that option; and
 e) payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.
 When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the
 right-of-use asset.
 Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition
 that triggers the payment occurs.
 The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease (if that rate can be determined), or the incremental borrowing
 rate of the lease, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value
 in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions. In determining the incremental borrowing rate to be used, the
 Group applies judgement to establish the suitable reference rate and credit spread.
 Each lease payment is allocated between the liability (principal) and finance cost. The interest expense is charged to the consolidated income
 statement as part of ‘Finance costs’ over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance
 of the liability for each period.
 Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
 a) the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
 b) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;
 c) any initial direct costs; and
 d) any restoration costs.
                                                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019          163
                                                                                                                                                                SR

                                                                                                                                                                CG

                                                                                                                                                                FS

                                                                                                                                                                SSR

                                                                                                                                                                SI




 Accounting policy continued
 The right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the assets’ useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group
 is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life. The Group
 utilises a number of practical expedients permitted by the standard, namely:
 1) applying the recognition exemption to short-term leases (i.e. leases with a term of 12 months or less) that do not contain a purchase
 option; and
 2) applying the recognition exemption to leases of underlying assets with a low value, which mainly comprise IT equipment.
 Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in the
 consolidated income statement.
 In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an
 extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease
 term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a significant
 change in circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and which is within the control of the lessee.


a) Adoption of IFRS 16
The Group has applied the modified retrospective transition approach on adoption of IFRS 16 and has recognised lease liabilities in relation
to leases which had previously been classified as operating leases under the principles of IAS 17 ‘Leases’. The weighted average lessee’s
incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities on 1 January 2019 was 5.7%.
In line with IFRS 16 transition options, the associated right-of-use assets were measured at the amount equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the
amount of accrued lease incentives relating to those leases recognised in the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2018. For leases
previously classified as finance leases under the principles of IAS 17 ‘Leases’, the Group recognised the carrying amount of the lease asset and
lease liability immediately before transition as the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability at the date of initial application.
The table below shows the reconciliation of operating lease commitments previously disclosed under IAS 17 and lease liabilities initially
recognised under IFRS 16, including the lease liability for leases previously classified as finance leases:
                                                                                                                                                    € million
Total operating lease commitments disclosed at 31 December 2018 (refer to Note 30)                                                                  183.3
Discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application                                                         161.2
(Less): Short-term leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                                                              (8.9)
(Less): Low-value leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                                                               (0.3)
(Less): Contracts committed in 2018 with commencement date January 2019                                                                               (6.6)
Lease liability recognised for operating leases                                                                                                     145.4
Add: Finance lease liabilities recognised at 31 December 2018 (refer to Note 25)                                                                     66.0
Total lease liability recognised at 1 January 2019                                                                                                  211.4
Of which:
  Current lease liability                                                                                                                            46.4
  Non-current lease liability                                                                                                                       165.0
                                                                                                                                                    211.4

The recognised right-of-use assets on adoption were as follows:
                                                                                                                                             1 January 2019
                                                                                                                                                    € million
Lease liability recognised for operating leases                                                                                                     145.4
(Less): Lease incentives accrued at 31 December 2018                                                                                                  (0.7)
Right-of-use assets recognised for operating leases at 1 January 2019                                                                               144.7
Add: Net book value of assets held under finance leases at 31 December 2018 (refer to Note 14)                                                       70.5
Total right-of-use assets recognised at 1 January 2019                                                                                              215.2
Of which:
Land and buildings                                                                                                                                   83.1
Plant and equipment                                                                                                                                 132.1
                                                                                                                                                    215.2
164    COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




16. Leases continued
The change in accounting policy affected the following lines of the consolidated balance sheet on 1 January 2019:
Property, plant and equipment – increase by €144.7m
Current borrowings – increase by €39.9m
Non-current borrowings – increase by €105.5m
Trade and other payables – decrease by €0.7m.
On transition the Group:
a) excluded all leases expiring in 2019;
b) excluded initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application;
c) applied the new guidance regarding definition of a lease only to contracts entered into or changed on or after 1 January 2019; and
d) applied the recognition exemption to leases of underlying assets with a low value.
Refer to Note 10 for the impact on deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities arising from the adoption of IFRS 16.

b) Leasing activities
The leases which are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet following implementation of IFRS 16 are principally in respect of vehicles and
buildings. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases across the Group. These are used to maximise operational flexibility in
terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. Extension options considered reasonably certain to be exercised relate primarily
to buildings and do not exceed 6 years. Most termination options have not been considered reasonably certain to be exercised.
The Group’s carrying amount of lease liability is presented below as at 31 December:
                                                                                                                                                                  2019                 20181
                                                                                                                                                               € million             € million
Current lease liability                                                                                                                                         56.3                    6.5
Non-current lease liability                                                                                                                                    154.7                   59.5
Total lease liability (refer to Note 25)                                                                                                                       211.0                   66.0
1. In the previous year the Group only recognised lease assets and lease liabilities in relation to leases that were classified as finance leases under IAS 17 ‘Leases’. The assets were
   presented in property, plant and equipment and the liabilities as part of Group’s borrowings.

For the carrying amount of right-of-use assets per class of underlying asset refer to Note 14.
The Group’s additions to right-of-use assets are:
                                                                                                                                                                                        2019
                                                                                                                                                                                     € million
Land and buildings                                                                                                                                                                     23.4
Plant and equipment                                                                                                                                                                    40.3
Total additions                                                                                                                                                                        63.7

The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to depreciation charge of right-of-use assets:
                                                                                                                                                                                        2019
                                                                                                                                                                                     € million
Land and buildings                                                                                                                                                                     18.2
Plant and equipment                                                                                                                                                                    34.3
Total depreciation charge                                                                                                                                                              52.5

The following expenses have been included in cost of goods sold and operating expenses:
                                                                                                                                                                                        2019
                                                                                                                                                                                     € million
Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                                                                                                  18.4
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                                                                                                                          1.2
Expense relating to variable lease payments                                                                                                                                             9.9

Interest expense on leases in 2019 was €12.8m (2018: €4.7m) and is recorded within ‘Finance costs’ (refer to Note 9).
The total cash outflow for leases in 2019 was €77.9m.
Expenses relating to short-term leases include leases that expire within 2019 as per the practical expedient applied by the Group on transition
to IFRS 16 as well as consideration for short-term leases used to cover seasonal business needs.
                                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019          165
                                                                                                                                                             SR

                                                                                                                                                             CG

                                                                                                                                                             FS

                                                                                                                                                             SSR

                                                                                                                                                             SI




17. Inventories
 Accounting policy
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
 Cost for raw materials and consumables is determined on a weighted average basis. Cost for work in progress and finished goods is
 comprised of the cost of direct materials and labour plus attributable overhead costs. Cost of inventories includes all costs incurred to bring
 the product to its present location and condition.
 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs necessary to complete and sell
 the inventory.

Inventories consisted of the following at 31 December:
                                                                                                                               2019                 2018
                                                                                                                            € million            € million
Finished goods                                                                                                               230.9               219.5
Raw materials and work in progress                                                                                           191.9               176.6
Consumables                                                                                                                   65.3                67.1
Total inventories                                                                                                            488.1               463.2

The amount of inventories recognised as an expense during 2019 was €3,328.5m (2018: €3,196.8m). During 2019 provision of obsolete inventories
recognised as an expense amounted to €18.4m (2018: €20.3m), whereas provision reversed in the year amounted to €1.0m (2018: €2.5m).

18. Trade, other receivables and assets
 Accounting policies
 Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. They are initially
 recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. The normal credit terms are
 between 7-90 days upon delivery.
 The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach for trade and other receivables and follows an Expected Credit Losses (‘ECLs’) approach
 for measuring the allowance of its trade receivables. The expected loss rate is assessed on the basis of historical credit losses of 24 months
 before the year end and adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information. ECLs are based on the difference between the
 contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive. The carrying amount
 of the receivable is reduced by the loss allowance, which is recognised as part of operating expenses. If a trade receivable ultimately becomes
 uncollectible, it is written off initially against any loss allowance made in respect of that receivable with any excess recognised as part of
 operating expenses. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off or loss allowance no longer required are recognised within
 operating expenses.
 Loans are initially recognised at the fair value net of transaction costs incurred. After initial recognition, all interest-bearing loans are
 subsequently measured at amortised cost. Amortised cost is calculated using the effective interest rate method whereby any discount,
 premium or transaction costs associated with a loan are amortised to the income statement over the borrowing period.
166   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




18. Trade, other receivables and assets continued
Trade, other receivables and assets consisted of the following at 31 December:
                                                                                                  Current assets                    Non-current assets
                                                                                                  2019                2018             2019                  2018
                                                                                               € million           € million        € million             € million
Trade and other receivables:
Trade receivables                                                                               772.9              690.3                   2.0               1.5
Receivables from related parties (refer to Note 27)                                              65.6               81.1                     –                 –
Loans receivable                                                                                  1.9                1.0                   1.9               2.3
Receivables from sale of property, plant and equipment                                            3.3                6.6                     –                 –
Loans and advances to employees                                                                   5.9                5.2                     –                 –
Other receivables                                                                                82.0               78.9                     –                 –
Total trade and other receivables                                                               931.6              863.1                   3.9               3.8
Other assets:
Prepayments                                                                                      60.8               63.7               14.9                13.1
Pension plan assets (refer to Note 21)                                                              –                  –               16.1                11.8
Non-current income tax receivable                                                                   –                  –               36.4                17.2
VAT and other taxes receivable                                                                   33.2               34.4                  –                   –
Total other assets                                                                               94.0               98.1               67.4                42.1
Total trade, other receivables and assets                                                     1,025.6              961.2               71.3                45.9

Non-current trade receivables relate to renegotiated receivables, which are expected to be settled within the new contractual due date.

Trade receivables
Trade receivables classified as current assets consisted of the following at 31 December:
                                                                                                                                       2019                  2018
                                                                                                                                    € million             € million
Trade receivables                                                                                                                    866.1               789.1
Less: Loss allowance                                                                                                                  (93.2)              (98.8)
Total trade receivables                                                                                                              772.9               690.3

The ageing analysis of trade receivables classified as current assets is as follows:
                                                                        2019                                                    2018
                                                                      € million                                                € million
                                                           Gross                                                     Gross
                                                         carrying                                                  carrying
                                                         amount      Loss allowance    Trade receivables           amount      Loss allowance    Trade receivables
Within due date                                           671.4               (2.1)             669.3              569.3                (3.0)            566.3
Past due – Up to three months                              82.1               (5.3)              76.8              104.0                (3.9)            100.1
Past due – Three to six months                             12.3               (2.9)               9.4                9.8                (2.7)              7.1
Past due – Six to nine months                               5.1               (0.9)               4.2                4.6                (1.6)              3.0
Past due – More than nine months                           95.2              (82.0)              13.2              101.4              (87.6)              13.8
Total trade receivables                                   866.1              (93.2)             772.9              789.1              (98.8)             690.3

The carrying amount of the trade receivables includes €nil which is subject to factoring agreement (2018: €0.3m).
The movement in the loss allowance during the year is as follows:
                                                                                                                                       2019                  2018
                                                                                                                                    € million             € million
As at 1 January                                                                                                                       (98.8)             (103.6)
Amounts written off during the year                                                                                                    13.8                  1.5
Amounts recovered during the year                                                                                                        4.9                 9.1
Increase in allowance recognised in income statement                                                                                  (12.4)                (6.1)
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                            (0.7)                0.3
As at 31 December                                                                                                                     (93.2)              (98.8)
                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019         167
                                                                                                                                                             SR

                                                                                                                                                             CG

                                                                                                                                                             FS

                                                                                                                                                             SSR

                                                                                                                                                             SI




Receivables from related parties
The related party receivables, net of the loss allowance, are as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2019              2018
                                                                                                                              € million         € million
Within due date                                                                                                                 62.3             72.4
Past due                                                                                                                          3.5              8.8
Less: Loss allowance                                                                                                             (0.2)            (0.1)
Total related party receivables                                                                                                 65.6             81.1

The ageing analysis of these receivables is as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2019              2018
                                                                                                                              € million         € million
Within due date                                                                                                                 62.3             72.4
Past due – Up to three months                                                                                                    1.9              7.4
Past due – Three to six months                                                                                                   0.8              0.7
Past due – Six to nine months                                                                                                    0.2              0.3
Past due – More than nine months                                                                                                 0.4              0.3
Total                                                                                                                           65.6             81.1

Net impairment
Net impairment loss / (gain) on trade and other receivables recognised in the income statement is analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2019              2018
                                                                                                                              € million         € million
Trade receivables                                                                                                                 7.3             (3.2)
Receivables from related parties                                                                                                  0.1             (0.1)
Other receivables and assets                                                                                                        –             (0.4)
Net impairment loss / (gain)                                                                                                      7.4             (3.7)


19. Assets classified as held for sale
 Accounting policy
 Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if it is considered highly probable that their carrying amount will be
 principally recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only when the sale
 is highly probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition. In order for a sale to be considered
 highly probable, management must be committed to a plan to sell the asset, an active programme to locate a buyer and complete the plan
 must have been initiated, and the sale expected to be completed within one year from the date of classification.
 In the event that the criteria for continued classification as held for sale are no longer met, the assets are reclassified to property, plant and
 equipment and the depreciation charge is adjusted for the depreciation that would have been recognised had the assets not been classified
 as held for sale.
 Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of the individual assets’ previous carrying
 amount and their fair value less costs to sell.

Changes in carrying amounts of assets classified as held for sale for the years ended 31 December are as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2019              2018
                                                                                                                              € million         € million
As at 1 January                                                                                                                   3.0               3.3
Reclassified from property, plant and equipment (refer to Note 14)                                                              12.9                4.3
Disposals                                                                                                                      (15.2)              (4.5)
Reclassified to property, plant and equipment (refer to Note 14)                                                                 (0.1)             (0.2)
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                        –               0.1
As at 31 December                                                                                                                 0.6              3.0

Total assets classified as held for sale as at 31 December 2018 amounted to €3.0m, comprising the net book value of property, plant and
equipment in our Established, Developing and Emerging segments that have been written down to fair value less cost to sell. The fair value of
assets classified as held for sale was determined through the use of a sales comparison approach and is a non-recurring fair value measurement
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
168   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




19. Assets classified as held for sale continued
Total assets classified as held for sale as at 31 December 2019 amounted to €0.6m, comprising the net book value of property, plant and equipment
in our Established segment that have been written down to fair value less cost to sell. The fair value of assets classified as held for sale was
determined through the use of a sales comparison approach and is a non-recurring fair value measurement within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

20. Trade and other payables
 Accounting policy
 Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.

Trade and other payables consisted of the following at 31 December:
                                                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                                                          € million         € million
Trade payables                                                                                                             605.5           565.5
Accrued liabilities                                                                                                        474.6           461.0
Payables to related parties (refer to Note 27)                                                                             291.2           270.8
Deposit liabilities                                                                                                         98.4            95.7
Other tax and social security liabilities                                                                                  111.4            90.3
Salaries and employee-related payables                                                                                      48.5            39.0
Contract liabilities                                                                                                         7.2             4.5
Payable for purchase of own shares (refer to Note 26)                                                                          –            85.4
Other payables                                                                                                              29.3            40.2
Total trade and other payables                                                                                           1,666.1         1,652.4

Payable for purchase of own shares of €85.4m equivalent in UK sterling as at 31 December 2018 related to the liability from an irrevocable share
purchase agreement (refer to Note 26). The arrangement was settled in 2019.
The Group facilitates a supply chain financing programme under which the supplier can elect on an invoice-by-invoice basis to receive a discounted
early payment from the partner bank or continue to be paid in line with the agreed payment terms; in either case the value and due date of the
liability payable by the Group remains unchanged and as such remain classified as trade payables. At 31 December 2019 invoices included in the
programme amounted to €97.5m (2018: €82.1m).
Accrued liabilities regarding volume, marketing and promotional incentives as well as listing fees and other incentives provided to customers
as at 31 December 2019 amounted to €211.9m (2018: €182.1m).
Revenue recognised in 2019 that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the year amounted to €4.1m (2018: €6.6m).

21. Provisions and employee benefits
Provisions and employee benefits consisted of the following at 31 December:
                                                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                                                          € million         € million
Current:
Employee benefits                                                                                                           78.6             59.2
Restructuring provisions                                                                                                    14.6             10.9
Other provisions                                                                                                             8.9              7.5
Total current provisions and employee benefits                                                                             102.1             77.6

Non-current:
Employee benefits                                                                                                          114.5           111.1
Other provisions                                                                                                             3.1             1.1
Total non-current provisions and employee benefits                                                                         117.6           112.2
Total provisions and employee benefits                                                                                     219.7           189.8
                                                                                                                     INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019              169
                                                                                                                                                                      SR

                                                                                                                                                                      CG

                                                                                                                                                                      FS

                                                                                                                                                                      SSR

                                                                                                                                                                      SI




a) Provisions
 Accounting policy
 Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event; it is probable that
 an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; and a reliable estimate can be made of the
 amount of the obligation.
 Where the Group expects a provision to be reimbursed, for example under an insurance contract, the reimbursement is recognised as
 a separate asset only when such reimbursement is virtually certain. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are
 determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
 of money and the risks specific to the liability.
 Termination benefits are payable whenever an employee’s employment is terminated before the normal retirement date or whenever
 an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of
 the following dates: a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits and b) when the Group recognises costs for a
 restructuring that is within the scope of IAS 37 ‘Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets’ and involves the payment of termination
 benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number
 of employees expected to accept the offer.

The movements in restructuring and other provisions comprise:
                                                                                                  2019                                  2018
                                                                                                € million                              € million
                                                                                      Restructuring                          Restructuring
                                                                                          provision     Other provisions         provision         Other provisions
As at 1 January                                                                              10.9                   8.6               7.7                   15.6
Arising during the year                                                                      36.4                 11.8              24.2                      1.9
Utilised during the year                                                                    (31.4)                 (9.1)           (19.2)                    (6.0)
Unused amount reversed                                                                        (1.3)                (0.1)             (1.7)                   (2.9)
Arising on acquisitions                                                                          –                  0.7                 –                       –
Foreign currency translation                                                                     –                  0.1              (0.1)                      –
As at 31 December                                                                            14.6                 12.0              10.9                      8.6

Other provisions primarily comprise provisions in relation to employee litigation and legal provisions.
170   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




21. Provisions and employee benefits continued
b) Employee benefits
 Accounting policy
 The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans in its territories.
 The defined benefit plans are made up of both funded and unfunded pension plans and employee leaving indemnities. The assets of
 funded plans are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds and are financed by payments from employees and / or the relevant
 Group companies.
 The liability recognised in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the
 balance sheet date less the fair value of the plan assets.
 For defined benefit pension plans, pension costs are assessed using the projected unit credit method. Actuarial gains and losses arising from
 experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period
 in which they arise. Such actuarial gains and losses are not reclassified to the income statement in subsequent periods. The defined benefit
 obligations are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that
 are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms approximating to the terms of the related obligation.
 In countries where there is no deep market in such bonds, the market rates on government bonds are used. Past service cost is recognised
 immediately in the income statement. A number of the Group’s operations have other long-service benefits in the form of jubilee plans.
 These plans are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows with immediate recognition of actuarial gains and
 losses in the income statement.
 The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution pension plans are charged to the income statement in the period to which the
 contributions relate.

 Critical accounting estimates
 The Group provides defined benefit pension plans as an employee benefit in certain territories. Determining the value of these plans requires
 several actuarial assumptions and estimates about discount rates, future salary increases and future pension increases. Due to the long-term
 nature of these plans, such estimates are subject to significant uncertainty.

Employee benefits consisted of the following at 31 December:
                                                                                                                                2019              2018
                                                                                                                             € million         € million
Defined benefit plans:
Employee leaving indemnities                                                                                                   66.8                64.6
Pension plans                                                                                                                  14.6                10.1
Long-service benefits (jubilee plans) and other benefits                                                                       11.7                 9.8
Total defined benefit plans                                                                                                    93.1                84.5
Other employee benefits:
Annual leave                                                                                                                    5.9              6.1
Other employee benefits                                                                                                        94.1             79.7
Total other employee benefits                                                                                                 100.0             85.8
Total employee benefits obligations                                                                                           193.1            170.3

Other employee benefits are primarily comprised of employee bonuses, which are linked to business and individual performance metrics.
Employees of Coca-Cola HBC’s subsidiaries in Austria, Bulgaria, Croatia, Greece, Italy, Montenegro, Nigeria, Poland, Romania, Serbia and Slovenia
are entitled to employee leaving indemnities, generally based on each employee’s length of service, employment category and remuneration.
These are unfunded plans where the Company meets the payment obligation as it falls due.
                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019                   171
                                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                                       SI




Coca-Cola HBC’s subsidiaries in Austria, Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and Switzerland sponsor defined benefit pension plans.
Of the three plans in the Republic of Ireland, two have plan assets, as do the two plans in Northern Ireland, and three plans in Switzerland.
The Austrian plans do not have plan assets and the Company meets the payment obligation as it falls due. The defined benefit plans in Austria,
Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland are closed to new members.
Coca-Cola HBC provides long-service benefits in the form of jubilee plans to its employees in Austria, Croatia, Nigeria, Poland, Serbia, Slovenia
and Switzerland.
Defined benefit obligation by segment is as follows for the years ended 31 December:

                                                                                                       €2.3m
2019                                                                                             €75.3m                 €15.5m Total €93.1m

                                                                                             €2.6m
2018                                                                                   €67.6m               €14.3m Total €84.5m

  Established    Developing    Emerging

The average duration of the defined benefit obligations is 19 years and the total employer contributions expected to be paid in 2020 are €17.3m.
The reconciliation of plan assets and plan liabilities for the years ended 31 December is as follows:
                                                                                                         Plan assets      Plan liabilities   Net (deficit) / surplus
                                                                                                            € million          € million                   € million
As at 31 December 2017                                                                                      395.9             (489.6)                      (93.7)
Current service cost                                                                                              –              (8.8)                       (8.8)
Past service cost                                                                                                 –              (3.3)                       (3.3)
Administrative expenses                                                                                        (0.2)                –                        (0.2)
Curtailment / settlement                                                                                          –              (0.7)                       (0.7)
Interest income / (expense)                                                                                     5.2              (8.7)                       (3.5)
Actuarial gains                                                                                                   –               0.5                         0.5
Total income / (expense) recognised in income statement                                                         5.0            (21.0)                      (16.0)
Gain from change in demographic assumptions                                                                       –             10.4                        10.4
Gain from change in financial assumptions                                                                         –             23.1                        23.1
Experience adjustments                                                                                            –              (3.6)                       (3.6)
Return on plan assets excluding interest income                                                              (14.2)                 –                      (14.2)
Total remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income                                                (14.2)             29.9                        15.7
Benefits paid                                                                                                (12.9)             23.9                        11.0
Employer’s contributions                                                                                      13.6                  –                       13.6
Participant’s contributions                                                                                     4.6              (4.7)                       (0.1)
Foreign currency translation                                                                                    6.2              (5.8)                        0.4
As at 31 December 2018                                                                                      398.2             (467.3)                      (69.1)
Current service cost                                                                                              –              (9.2)                       (9.2)
Past service cost                                                                                                 –               1.2                         1.2
Administrative expenses                                                                                        (0.2)                –                        (0.2)
Curtailment / settlement                                                                                          –              (1.5)                       (1.5)
Interest income / (expense)                                                                                     6.4              (9.2)                       (2.8)
Actuarial gains                                                                                                   –               0.1                         0.1
Total income / (expense) recognised in income statement                                                         6.2            (18.6)                      (12.4)
Gain from change in demographic assumptions                                                                       –               2.4                         2.4
Loss from change in financial assumptions                                                                         –            (59.4)                      (59.4)
Experience adjustments                                                                                            –              (4.2)                       (4.2)
Return on plan assets excluding interest income                                                               42.7                  –                       42.7
Total remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income                                                 42.7             (61.2)                      (18.5)
Benefits paid                                                                                                (25.5)             37.5                        12.0
Employer’s contributions                                                                                      14.0                  –                       14.0
Participant’s contributions                                                                                     5.1              (5.1)                          –
Increase in defined benefit obligation arising from acquisition                                                   –              (0.4)                       (0.4)
Net decrease in defined benefit obligation from other movements                                                 4.5              (4.4)                        0.1
Foreign currency translation                                                                                  13.0             (13.4)                        (0.4)
As at 31 December 2019                                                                                      458.2             (532.9)                      (74.7)
172   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




21. Provisions and employee benefits continued
The effect of the asset ceiling on plan assets and net deficit for the years ended 31 December is as follows:
                                                                                                                                    2019              2018
                                                                                                                                 € million         € million
Fair value of plan assets at 31 December excluding asset ceiling                                                                 458.2             398.2
Opening unrecognised asset due to the asset ceiling                                                                                (3.6)             (8.3)
Change in asset ceiling recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                    1.5               5.1
Exchange rate gain                                                                                                                 (0.1)             (0.3)
Interest on unrecognised asset recognised in profit and loss                                                                       (0.1)             (0.1)
Fair value of plan assets at 31 December including asset ceiling                                                                 455.9             394.6
                                                                                                                                    2019              2018
                                                                                                                                 € million         € million
Present value of funded obligations                                                                                              453.1             391.3
Fair value of plan assets                                                                                                       (458.2)           (398.2)
Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                                                                                        (5.1)             (6.9)
Present value of unfunded obligations                                                                                             79.8              76.0
Unrecognised asset due to asset ceiling                                                                                             2.3               3.6
Defined benefit obligations                                                                                                       77.0              72.7
Plus: amounts recognised within non-current assets (refer to Note 18)                                                             16.1              11.8
Total defined benefit obligations                                                                                                 93.1              84.5

Funding levels are monitored in conjunction with the agreed contribution rate. The funding level of the funded plans as at 31 December 2019
was 101% (2018: 101%).
Four of the plans have funded status surplus totalling €16.1m as at 31 December 2019 (2018: €11.8m) that is recognised as an asset on the
basis that the Group has an unconditional right to future economic benefits either via a refund or a reduction in future contributions.
Defined benefit plan expense is included in employee costs and recorded in cost of goods sold and operating expenses.
The assumptions (weighted average for the Group) used in computing the defined benefit obligation comprised the following for the years
ended 31 December:
                                                                                                                                    2019                2018
                                                                                                                                      %                   %
Discount rate                                                                                                                        1.1                2.0
Rate of compensation increase                                                                                                        2.3                2.5
Rate of pension increase                                                                                                             0.9                1.0
Life expectancy for pensioners at the age of 65 in years:
Male                                                                                                                                  22                 22
Female                                                                                                                                24                 24

Asset liability matching: Plan assets allocated to growth assets are monitored regularly to ensure they remain appropriate and in line with the
Group’s long-term strategy to manage the plans. As the plans mature, the level of investment risk will be reduced by investing more in assets
such as bonds that better match the liabilities.
Pension plan assets are invested in different asset classes in order to maintain a balance between risk and return. Investments are well diversified
to limit the financial effect of the failure of any individual investment. Through its defined benefit plans the Group is exposed to a number of risks,
as outlined below:
Asset volatility: The liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with reference to corporate bond yields; if assets underperform this yield,
a deficit will be created. The Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and Swiss plans hold a significant proportion of growth assets (equities)
which are expected to outperform corporate bonds in the long term while being subject to volatility and risk in the short term.
Changes in bond yields: A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the plan liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an increase
in the value of the plans’ bond holdings. Conversely, an increase in corporate bond yields will decrease the plan liabilities, although this will be
partially offset by a decrease in the value of the plans’ bond holdings.
Inflation: The Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and Swiss plans’ benefit obligations are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to
higher liabilities (although, in most cases, caps on the level of inflationary increases are in place to protect against extreme inflation). The majority
of the assets are either unaffected by or only loosely correlated with inflation, meaning that an increase in inflation will also increase the deficit.
Life expectancy: The majority of the pension plans’ obligations are to provide benefits for the life of the member, so increases in life expectancy
will result in an increase in the liabilities.
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019               173
                                                                                                                                                                    SR

                                                                                                                                                                    CG

                                                                                                                                                                    FS

                                                                                                                                                                    SSR

                                                                                                                                                                    SI




The sensitivity analysis presented below is based on a change in assumption while all other assumptions remain constant.
                                                                                                             Impact on defined benefit obligation as at
                                                                                                                        31 December 2019
                                                                                                            Change in            Increase in          Decrease in
                                                                                                          assumption            assumption            assumption

Discount rate                                                                                               50bps                   8.7%                  10.2%
Rate of compensation increase                                                                               50bps                   2.0%                   1.8%
Rate of pension increase                                                                                    50bps                   6.1%                   2.7%
Life expectancy                                                                                              1 year                 2.6%                   2.6%

Plan assets are invested as follows:
The assets of funded plans are generally held in separately administered trusts, either as specific assets or as a proportion of a general fund,
or are insurance contracts. Plan assets held in trust are governed by local regulations and practice in each country. The category ‘Other’ mainly
includes investments in funds holding a portfolio of assets. Plan assets relate predominantly to quoted financial instruments.
Equity securities were not invested in ordinary shares of the Company as at 31 December 2019 or 31 December 2018.

Assets’ categories 2019 (%)                 Assets’ categories 2018 (%)




  Equity securities – Eurozone: 4%             Equity securities – Eurozone: 4%
  Equity securities – Non-Eurozone: 27%        Equity securities – Non-Eurozone: 25%
  Government bonds – Eurozone: 24%             Government bonds – Eurozone: 26%
  Corporate bonds – Eurozone: 6%               Corporate bonds – Eurozone: 6%
  Corporate bonds – Non-Eurozone: 17%          Corporate bonds – Non-Eurozone: 17%
  Real estate: 11%                             Real estate: 12%
  Cash: 2%                                     Cash: 2%
  Other: 9%                                    Other: 8%

Defined contribution plans
The expense recognised in the income statement in 2019 for the defined contribution plans is €18.0m (2018: €18.9m). This is included in employee
costs and recorded in cost of goods sold and operating expenses.

22. Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
 Accounting policy
 The Group offsets financial assets and financial liabilities to the net amount reported in the balance sheet when it currently has a legally
 enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and it intends to settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
 simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course
 of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the counterparty.

The Group enters into derivative transactions under International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master netting agreements or
other similar agreements. In general, under such agreements the counterparties can elect to settle as one single net amount the aggregated
amounts owed by each counterparty on a single day with respect to all outstanding transactions of the same currency and the same type
of derivative. In the event of default or early termination all outstanding transactions under the agreement are terminated and subject to any
set‑off. These agreements do not meet all of the IAS 32 criteria for offsetting in the balance sheet as the Group does not have any current
legally enforceable right to offset amounts since the right can only be applied if elected by both counterparties.
The financial assets and financial liabilities presented below are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting or similar agreements.
The column ‘Net amount’ shows the impact on the Group’s balance sheet if all set-off rights were exercised.
174    COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




22. Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities continued
a) Financial assets
As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                 Related amounts
                                                                                                                                  not set off in the
                                                                                                                                    balance sheet
                                                                    Gross amounts of                     Net amounts of
                                                 Gross amounts of recognised financial                   financial assets
                                                       recognised   liabilities set off in              presented in the                  Financial
                                                   financial assets  the balance sheet                     balance sheet              instruments       Net amount
                                                          € million             € million                       € million                 € million        € million
Derivative financial assets                                  3.7                              –                    3.7                        (0.1)          3.6
Cash and cash equivalents                                  823.0                              –                  823.0                           –         823.0
Other financial assets (excluding derivatives)             728.8                              –                  728.8                           –         728.8
Trade receivables                                          820.2                          (47.3)                 772.9                           –         772.9
Total                                                    2,375.7                          (47.3)               2,328.4                        (0.1)      2,328.3
As at 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                 Related amounts
                                                                                                                                  not set off in the
                                                                                                                                    balance sheet
                                                                              Gross amounts of           Net amounts of
                                                 Gross amounts of           recognised financial          financial assets
                                                       recognised         liabilities set off in the     presented in the                  Financial
                                                   financial assets                 balance sheet           balance sheet              instruments      Net amount
                                                          € million                       € million              € million                  € million       € million
Derivative financial assets                                  9.4                              –                    9.4                        (4.9)          4.5
Cash and cash equivalents                                  712.3                              –                  712.3                           –         712.3
Other financial assets (excluding derivatives)             278.8                              –                  278.8                           –         278.8
Trade receivables                                          749.6                          (59.3)                 690.3                           –         690.3
Total                                                    1,750.1                          (59.3)               1,690.8                        (4.9)      1,685.9

b) Financial liabilities
As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                 Related amounts
                                                                                                                                  not set off in the
                                                                                                                                    balance sheet
                                                                       Gross amounts of                   Net amounts of
                                                 Gross amounts of recognised financial                 financial liabilities
                                                        recognised assets set off in the                 presented in the                 Financial
                                                 financial liabilities    balance sheet                    balance sheet              instruments       Net amount
                                                            € million          € million                          € million               € million        € million
Derivative financial liabilities                             11.7                             –                     11.7                      (0.1)          11.6
Trade payables                                              652.8                         (47.3)                   605.5                         –          605.5
Total                                                       664.5                         (47.3)                   617.2                      (0.1)         617.1
As at 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                 Related amounts
                                                                                                                                  not set off in the
                                                                                                                                    balance sheet
                                                                             Gross amounts of             Net amounts of
                                                 Gross amounts of          recognised financial          financial liabilities
                                                       recognised           assets set off in the        presented in the                  Financial
                                                  financial liabilities          balance sheet              balance sheet              instruments      Net amount
                                                            € million                  € million                   € million                € million       € million
Derivative financial liabilities                             17.9                             –                     17.9                      (4.9)          13.0
Trade payables                                              624.8                         (59.3)                   565.5                         –          565.5
Total                                                       642.7                         (59.3)                   583.4                      (4.9)         578.5
                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       175
                                                                                                                                                           SR

                                                                                                                                                           CG

                                                                                                                                                           FS

                                                                                                                                                           SSR

                                                                                                                                                           SI




23. Business combinations and acquisition of non-controlling interest
 Accounting policy
 The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred is the fair value of any
 asset transferred, shares issued and liabilities assumed. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting
 from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed are measured
 initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the consideration transferred and the fair value of non-controlling interest
 over the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition costs comprise costs incurred to effect a business
 combination such as finder’s, advisory, legal, accounting, valuation and other professional or consulting fees. All acquisition-related costs are
 expensed as incurred.
 For each business combination, the Group elects to measure the non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the
 proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
 Refer also to Note 2 for accounting policy regarding basis of consolidation.


a) Business combinations
On 18 June 2019, the Group acquired 100% of the issued shares of Koncern Bambi a.d. Požarevac (‘Bambi’), Serbia’s leading confectionery
business, for a consideration of €148.8m net of borrowings of €125.9m. The acquisition adds a relevant, adjacent category to the Group’s
portfolio in Serbia and the Western Balkans, which are among its fastest growing territories. Details of the acquisition with regard to the net
assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:
                                                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                                                                               € million
Trademarks                                                                                                                                      121.1
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                     19.3
Other non-current assets                                                                                                                            0.1
Inventories                                                                                                                                         5.9
Other current assets                                                                                                                              25.7
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                         18.3
Current borrowings                                                                                                                             (125.9)
Other current liabilities                                                                                                                        (10.3)
Non-current borrowings                                                                                                                             (0.3)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                         (17.5)
Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                                      (2.2)
Net identifiable assets acquired                                                                                                                 34.2
Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                                                                 114.6
Cash paid to former shareholders                                                                                                               148.8

The acquisition resulted in the Group recording €114.6m of goodwill and €121.1m of trademarks in its Emerging segment. The goodwill arising
is attributable to Bambi’s strong operating profitability and strong market position.
Net sales revenue and profit after tax contributed by the acquired business to the Group for the period from 18 June 2019 to 31 December 2019
amounted to €43.6m and €11.2m respectively. If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2019, consolidated Group revenue and consolidated
Group profit after tax for the year ended 31 December 2019 would have been higher by €38.6m and €7.0m respectively.
Acquisition-related costs of €2.9m were included in 2019 operating expenses, as a result of the above acquisition.
On 1 September 2019, the Group acquired a water business in the Czech Republic for a cash consideration of €7.7m. The acquisition was of a
group of assets that constituted a business, and which have been integrated into the Group’s operations in the Czech Republic. The acquisition
did not have a material effect on the Group’s 2019 financial position and income statement. As a result of the acquisition, water rights of €1.3m
and goodwill of €0.4m were recorded in the Group’s Developing segment. Acquisition-related costs of €0.3m were included in 2019 operating
expenses, as a result of the above acquisition.

b) Acquisition of non-controlling interest
On 12 November 2019, the Group acquired all the remaining shares of the non-controlling interest in its subsidiary Leman Beverages Holding S.àr.I.,
through which the Group controls its operation in Armenia. The consideration paid for the acquisition of the non-controlling interest amounted
to €9.5m.
176   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




24. Financial risk management and financial instruments
 Accounting policies
 Financial assets
 On initial recognition financial assets are recorded at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not at fair value through profit or loss
 (FVTPL), any directly attributable transaction costs. Transaction costs of financial assets at FVTPL are expensed.
 Financial assets are classified into three categories:
 a) Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
 The classification of debt instruments at amortised cost depends on two criteria: a) the Group’s business model for managing assets and b)
 whether the instruments’ contractual cash flows represent solely payments for principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding
 (the ‘SPPI criterion‘). If both criteria are met the financial assets of the Group are subsequently measured at amortised cost, whereby any
 interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. This category includes trade receivables, treasury bills and time deposits.
 The accounting policy for trade receivables is described in Note 18.
 b) Financial assets through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
 The Group also has investments in financial assets at FVOCI. These include equity investments that are not of a trading nature and which are
 subsequently recorded at fair value. The Group intends to hold these equity instruments for the foreseeable future and has irrevocably
 elected to classify them as FVOCI upon initial recognition. Subsequently there is no recycling of gains or losses to profit or loss on derecognition.
 c) Financial assets through profit or loss (FVTPL)
 The Group also has investments in financial assets at FVTPL, which are subsequently measured at fair value and where changes in fair value
 are recognised in the income statement. Financial assets at FVTPL mainly comprise money market funds.
 For those financial assets that are not subsequently held at fair value, the Group assesses whether there is evidence of impairment at each
 balance sheet date.

 Derivative financial instruments
 The Group uses derivative financial instruments, including currency, commodity and interest rate derivatives, to manage currency,
 commodity price and interest rate risk associated with the Group’s underlying business activities. The Group does not enter into derivative
 financial instruments for trading activity purposes.
 All derivative financial instruments are initially recognised on the balance sheet at fair value and are subsequently remeasured at their fair
 value. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognised at each reporting date either in the income statement
 or in equity, depending on whether the derivative financial instrument qualifies for hedge accounting as a cash flow hedge.
 All derivative financial instruments that are not part of an effective hedging relationship (undesignated hedges) are classified as assets
 or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.
 At the inception of a hedge transaction the Group documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, as well
 as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. This process includes linking the derivative financial
 instrument designated as a hedging instrument to the specific asset, liability, firm commitment or forecast transaction. The Group has
 established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships, as the underlying risks of the hedging instruments are identical to the hedged
 risks component. The economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument is assessed on an ongoing basis.
 Ineffectiveness may arise if the timing or the notional amount of the forecast transaction changes, or if the credit risk changes impacting
 the fair value movements of the hedging instruments.
                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     177
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

                                                                                                                                                         SI




 Accounting policies continued
 Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments (both the intrinsic value and the aligned time value) that are designated and
 effective as hedges of future cash flows are recognised directly in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion is recognised
 immediately in the income statement. Amounts accumulated in equity are recycled to the income statement as the related hedged asset
 acquired or liability assumed affects the income statement.
 Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, exercised, or no longer qualifies for hedge
 accounting. At that time, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised in equity is retained in equity until the forecast
 transaction occurs. If a hedged transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in equity is transferred
 to the income statement.
 Embedded derivatives in financial host contracts are recorded at fair value through profit or loss together with the host contracts.
 Derivatives embedded in non-financial host contracts are accounted for as separate derivatives and recorded at fair value if:
 • their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contracts;
 • the host contracts are not designated as at fair value through profit or loss; and
 • a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative meets the definition of a derivative.
 These embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs
 if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required, or a
 reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.
 Regular purchases and sales of investments are recognised on the trade date, which is the day the Group commits to purchase or sell.
 The investments are recognised initially at fair value plus transaction costs, except in the case of FVTPL. For investments traded in active
 markets, fair value is determined by reference to stock exchange quoted bid prices. For other investments, fair value is estimated by
 reference to the current market value of similar instruments or by reference to the discounted cash flows of the underlying net assets.


Financial risk factors
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, commodity price risk and interest rate
risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and capital risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the volatility of financial markets and
seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s cash flows. The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge certain risk
exposures. Risk management is carried out by Group Treasury in a controlled manner, consistent with the Board of Directors’ approved policies.
Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s subsidiaries. The Board of Directors has
approved the Treasury Policy, which provides the control framework for all treasury and treasury-related transactions.

Market risk

a) Foreign currency risk
The Group is exposed to the effect of foreign currency risk on future transactions, recognised monetary assets and liabilities that are
denominated in currencies other than the local entity’s functional currency, as well as net investments in foreign operations. Foreign currency
forward, option and future contracts are used to hedge a portion of the Group’s foreign currency risk. The majority of the foreign currency
forward, option and future contracts have maturities of less than one year after the balance sheet date.
Management has set up a policy that requires Group companies to manage their foreign exchange risk against their functional currency.
To manage their foreign exchange risk arising from future transactions and recognised monetary assets and liabilities, entities in the Group
use foreign currency forward, option and future contracts transacted by Group Treasury. Group Treasury’s risk management policy is to hedge,
on an average coverage ratio basis, between 25% and 80% of anticipated cash flows for the next 12 months by using a layer strategy and 100%
of balance sheet remeasurement risk in each major foreign currency for which hedging is applicable. Each subsidiary designates contracts with
Group Treasury as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges, as appropriate. External foreign exchange contracts are designated at Group level
as hedges of foreign exchange risk on specific monetary assets, monetary liabilities or future transactions on a gross basis.
The following tables present details of the Group’s sensitivity to reasonably possible increases and decreases in the Euro and US dollar against
the relevant foreign currencies. In determining reasonable possible changes, the historical volatility over a 12-month period of the respective
foreign currencies in relation to the Euro and the US dollar has been considered. The sensitivity analysis determines the potential gains and
losses in the income statement or equity arising from the Group’s foreign exchange positions as a result of the corresponding percentage
increases and decreases in the Group’s main foreign currencies relative to the Euro and the US dollar. The sensitivity analysis includes
outstanding foreign-currency-denominated monetary items, external loans, and loans between operations within the Group where the
denomination of the loan is in a currency other than the functional currency of the local entity.
178   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




24. Financial risk management and financial instruments continued
2019 exchange risk sensitivity to reasonably possible changes in the Euro against relevant other currencies
                                                                            Euro strengthens against local currency                         Euro weakens against local currency
                                                                                              Loss / (gain)                                     (Gain) / loss
                                                                     % historical               in income               (Gain) / loss             in income            Loss / (gain)
                                                                  volatility over a            statement                   in equity             statement                in equity
                                                                 12-month period                  € million                 € million               € million              € million
Nigerian naira                                                           8.36%                        (0.4)                        –                     0.5                      –
Russian rouble                                                           7.98%                        (1.3)                     (1.6)                    1.5                    1.9
UK sterling                                                              7.49%                         0.8                         –                    (1.0)                     –
Ukrainian hryvnia                                                       10.28%                         0.8                         –                    (1.0)                     –
Other                                                                                                  0.7                      (1.7)                   (0.8)                   1.8
Total                                                                                                  0.6                      (3.3)                   (0.8)                   3.7

2019 exchange risk sensitivity to reasonably possible changes in the US dollar against relevant other currencies
                                                                          US dollar strengthens against local currency                    US dollar weakens against local currency
                                                                                              Loss / (gain)                                     Loss / (gain)
                                                                     % historical               in income               (Gain) / loss             in income            Loss / (gain)
                                                                  volatility over a            statement                   in equity             statement                in equity
                                                                 12-month period                  € million                 € million               € million              € million
Euro                                                                      4.91%                        1.3                         –                    (1.5)                     –
Nigerian naira                                                            3.43%                       (1.2)                        –                     2.1                      –
Russian rouble                                                            8.25%                          –                      (4.4)                   (0.1)                   5.2
Total                                                                                                  0.1                      (4.4)                    0.5                    5.2

2018 exchange risk sensitivity to reasonably possible changes in the Euro against relevant other currencies
                                                                              Euro strengthens against local currency                        Euro weakens against local currency
                                                                                               Loss / (gain)                                     (Gain) / loss
                                                                       % historical              in income                (Gain) / loss            in income            Loss / (gain)
                                                                    volatility over a           statement                    in equity            statement                in equity
                                                                  12-month period                  € million                  € million              € million              € million
Nigerian naira                                                           8.29%                         1.1                         –                    (1.3)                     –
Russian rouble                                                          13.32%                        (3.2)                     (2.4)                    2.7                    2.6
Ukrainian hryvnia                                                        8.77%                         0.9                      (0.1)                   (1.0)                   0.1
Other                                                                                                  0.5                      (5.1)                   (0.6)                   5.4
Total                                                                                                 (0.7)                     (7.6)                   (0.2)                   8.1

2018 exchange risk sensitivity to reasonably possible changes in the US dollar against relevant other currencies
                                                                           US dollar strengthens against local currency                    US dollar weakens against local currency
                                                                                               Loss / (gain)                                     Loss / (gain)
                                                                       % historical              in income                (Gain) / loss            in income            Loss / (gain)
                                                                    volatility over a           statement                    in equity            statement                in equity
                                                                  12-month period                  € million                  € million              € million              € million
Euro                                                                     7.23%                         1.5                         –                    (1.8)                     –
Nigerian naira                                                           2.12%                        (1.6)                        –                     1.6                      –
Russian rouble                                                          13.48%                        (0.2)                     (3.1)                    0.2                    4.0
Total                                                                                                 (0.3)                     (3.1)                      –                    4.0

b) Commodity price risk
The Group is affected by the volatility of certain commodity prices (being mainly sugar, aluminium, aluminium premium, PET and gas oil)
in relation to certain raw materials necessary for the production of the Group’s products.
Due to the significantly increased volatility of commodity prices, the Group’s Board of Directors has developed and enacted a risk management
strategy regarding commodity price risk and its mitigation. Although the Group continues to contract prices with suppliers in advance, to reduce
its exposure to the effect of short-term changes in the price of sugar, aluminium, aluminium premium, gas oil and PET, the Group hedges the
market price of sugar, aluminium, aluminium premium, PET and gas oil using commodity swap contracts based on a rolling forecast for a period
up to 36 months. Group Treasury’s Risk management policy is to hedge a minimum of 25% and a maximum of 80% of commodity exposure for
the next 12 months, except for PET where no minimum coverage is required and the maximum is at 50% for the first year.
The following table presents details of the Group’s income statement and equity sensitivity to increases and decreases in sugar, aluminium,
aluminium premium, PET and gas oil prices. The table does not show the sensitivity to the Group’s total underlying commodity exposure or the
impact of changes in volumes that may arise from increase or decrease in the respective commodity prices. The sensitivity analysis determines
the potential effect on profit or loss and equity arising from the Group’s commodity swap contract positions as a result of the reasonably
possible increases or decreases of the respective commodity prices.
                                                                                                                                                        INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019                    179
                                                                                                                                                                                                               SR

                                                                                                                                                                                                               CG

                                                                                                                                                                                                               FS

                                                                                                                                                                                                               SSR

                                                                                                                                                                                                               SI




2019 commodity price risk sensitivity to reasonably possible changes in the commodity price of relevant commodities
                                                                          Commodity price increases with                                                      Commodity price decreases with
                                                                          all other variables held constant                                                   all other variables held constant
                                                % historical volatility                    (Gain) / loss in                   (Gain) / loss                 Loss / (gain) in                  Loss / (gain)
                                              over a 12-month period                   income statement                          in equity              income statement                         in equity
                                               per contract maturity                            € million                         € million                       € million                       € million
Sugar                                                          14.0%                                  (0.3)                            (7.1)                            0.3                          7.1
Aluminium                                                      15.0%                                  (0.2)                            (4.6)                            0.2                          4.6
Aluminium premium                                              25.5%                                  (0.1)                            (0.2)                            0.1                          0.2
Gas oil                                                        26.3%                                     –                             (2.1)                              –                          2.1
PET                                                            14.4%                                  (3.6)                               –                             3.6                            –
Total                                                                                                 (4.2)                           (14.0)                            4.2                         14.0

2018 commodity price risk sensitivity to reasonably possible changes in the commodity price of relevant commodities
                                                                              Commodity price increases with                                                  Commodity price decreases with
                                                                              all other variables held constant                                                all other variables held constant
                                             % historical volatility over a                 (Gain) / loss in                      (Gain) / loss              Loss / (gain) in                  Loss / (gain)
                                                  12-month period per                   income statement                             in equity           income statement                         in equity
                                                      contract maturity                           € million                           € million                    € million                       € million
Sugar                                                           19.5%                                 (0.3)                             (5.1)                          0.3                           5.1
Aluminium                                                       24.0%                                 (0.1)                           (12.2)                           0.1                          12.2
Aluminium premium                                               29.6%                                    –                              (0.5)                            –                           0.5
Gas oil                                                         24.2%                                    –                              (2.9)                            –                           2.9
PET                                                             22.2%                              (10.1)                                  –                          10.1                             –
Total                                                                                               (10.5)                            (20.7)                          10.5                          20.7

c) Interest rate risk
The sensitivity analysis in the following table has been determined based on exposure to interest rates of both derivative and non-derivative
instruments existing at the balance sheet date and assuming constant foreign exchange rates. For floating rate liabilities, the analysis is prepared
assuming the amount of liability outstanding at the balance sheet date was outstanding for the whole year. A 50 basis point increase or decrease
for 2019 (2018: 50 basis point) represents management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rates.
Interest rate risk sensitivity to reasonably possible changes in interest rates
                                                                                                                              2019                                                2018
                                                                                                                            € million                                            € million
                                                                                                                  Loss / (gain)                                        Loss / (gain)
                                                                                                                    in income                 (Gain) / loss              in income             (Gain) / loss
                                                                                                                   statement                     In equity              statement                 In equity
Increase in basis points                                                                                                  0.2                            –                      0.3                   (6.8)
Decrease in basis points                                                                                                 (0.2)                           –                      2.0                      –

As at 31 December 2018, the impact in the Group’s equity is attributable to the changes in the fair value of the Swaptions entered in 2018
and settled in 2019, and designated as hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge.

Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its obligations under the
contract or arrangement. The Group has limited concentration of credit risk across trade and financial counterparties. Credit policies are in place
and the exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis.
The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event that counterparties fail to meet their obligations at 31 December 2019 in relation
to each class of recognised financial asset is the carrying amount of those assets as indicated on the balance sheet.
Under the credit policies, before accepting any new credit customers, the Group investigates the potential customer’s credit quality, using either
external agencies and in some cases bank references and / or historic experience, and defines credit limits for each customer. Customers that
fail to meet the Group’s benchmark credit quality may transact with the Group only on a prepayment or cash basis. Customers are reviewed
on an ongoing basis and credit limits are adjusted accordingly. There is no significant concentration of credit risk with regard to loans, trade and
other receivables as the Group has a large number of customers which are geographically dispersed.
180    COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




24. Financial risk management and financial instruments continued
The Group has policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any single financial institution. The Group only undertakes investment and
derivative transactions with banks and financial institutions that have a minimum credit rating of ‘BBB-’ from Standard & Poor’s and ‘Baa3’ from
Moody’s, unless the investment is in countries where the Sovereign Credit Rating is below the ‘BBB- / Baa3’. The Group also uses Credit Default
Swaps of a counterparty in order to measure in a timelier way the creditworthiness of a counterparty and set up its counterparties in tiers in order
to assign maximum exposure and tenor per tier. If the Credit Default Swaps of a certain counterparty exceed 400 basis points the Group will stop
trading derivatives with that counterparty and will try to cancel any deposits on a best-effort basis. In addition, the Group regularly makes use
of time deposits and money market funds to invest excess cash balances and to diversify its counterparty risk. As at 31 December 2019,
an amount of €881.5m (2018: €594.6m) is invested in time deposits and money market funds.

Liquidity risk
The Group actively manages liquidity risk to ensure there are sufficient funds available for any short-term and long-term commitments.
Bank overdrafts and bank facilities, both committed and uncommitted, are used to manage this risk.
The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves and committed banking facilities, access to the debt and equity capital
markets, and by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows. In Note 25, the undrawn facilities that the Group has at its disposal
to manage liquidity risk are discussed under the headings ‘Commercial paper programme’ and ‘Committed credit facilities’.
The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturities for its financial liabilities. The tables include both interest and principal
undiscounted cash flows, assuming that interest rates remain constant from 31 December 2019.
                                                                              Up to                One to       Two to              Over
                                                                           one year             two years    five years        five years               Total
                                                                           € million             € million     € million         € million           € million
Borrowings                                                                  733.2                  59.9        693.4           1,904.9             3,391.4
Derivative liabilities                                                       11.6                   0.1            –                 –                11.7
Trade and other payables                                                  1,547.8                   0.4          0.9               4.8             1,553.9
Leases                                                                       67.7                  54.7         86.8              52.5               261.7
As at 31 December 2019                                                    2,360.3                 115.1        781.1           1,962.2             5,218.7
                                                                              Up to               One to         Two to              Over
                                                                            one year            two years     five years        five years               Total
                                                                            € million            € million      € million         € million           € million
Borrowings                                                                  159.5                 853.0          67.1            644.6             1,724.2
Derivative liabilities                                                       16.6                   1.3             –                –                17.9
Trade and other payables                                                  1,557.6                   0.1           0.2              6.3             1,564.2
As at 31 December 2018                                                    1,733.7                 854.4          67.3            650.9             3,306.3

Capital risk
  The Group monitors its financial capacity and credit ratings by reference to a number of key financial ratios, including net debt to comparable
  adjusted EBITDA, which provides a framework within which the Group’s capital base is managed. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided
  by comparable adjusted EBITDA.
  Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back to operating profit the depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment, the
  amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, the employee share option and performance share costs and other non-cash items, if any.
  Comparable adjusted EBITDA refers to adjusted EBITDA excluding restructuring expenses, acquisition costs and the unrealised gains or losses
  resulting from the mark-to-market valuation of derivatives and embedded derivatives related to commodity hedging.
  Refer to Note 25 for definition of net debt.

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an optimal
capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may increase or decrease debt, issue or buy back shares, adjust the amount
of dividends paid to shareholders, or return capital to shareholders.
The Group’s goal is to maintain a conservative financial profile. This is evidenced by the credit ratings maintained with Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s.
Rating agency                                    Publication date              Long-term debt                        Outlook                  Short-term debt
Standard & Poor’s                                  April 2019                           BBB+                         Stable                               A2
Moody’s                                            May 2019                             Baa1                         Stable                               P2

The Group’s medium- to long-term target is to maintain the net debt to comparable adjusted EBITDA ratio within a 1.5 to 2.0 range.
                                                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019             181
                                                                                                                                                                   SR

                                                                                                                                                                   CG

                                                                                                                                                                   FS

                                                                                                                                                                   SSR

                                                                                                                                                                   SI




The ratios as at 31 December were as follows:
                                                                                                                                      2019                2018
                                                                                                                                   € million           € million
Net debt (refer to Note 25)                                                                                                      1,772.9               613.3
Operating profit                                                                                                                   715.3               639.4
Depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                                       384.8               318.7
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                                    0.7                 0.5
Employee stock options and performance shares                                                                                        9.9                10.1
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                  1,110.7               968.7
Other restructuring expenses (primarily redundancy costs)                                                                           36.6                23.1
Acquisition costs                                                                                                                    3.2                   –
Unrealised loss on commodity derivatives                                                                                             2.4                 8.5
Total comparable adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                 1,152.9             1,000.3
Net debt / comparable adjusted EBITDA ratio                                                                                         1.54                0.61

Although the adoption of IFRS 16 had an impact on net debt and comparable adjusted EBITDA, the impact on the ratio was not significant.
The reconciliation of other restructuring expenses to total restructuring expenses for the years ended 31 December was as follows:
                                                                                                                                      2019                2018
                                                                                                                                   € million           € million
Total restructuring expenses (refer to Note 8)                                                                                       37.8                32.8
Less: Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                                                     (1.2)               (9.7)
Other restructuring expenses (primarily redundancy costs)                                                                            36.6                23.1

Hedging activity
The carrying amounts of the derivative financial instruments are included in the lines ‘Other financial assets’ and ‘Other financial liabilities’
of the consolidated balance sheet.

a) Cash flow hedges
The impact of the hedging instruments on the consolidated balance sheet was:
                                                                                               Notional amount       Carrying amount                  Period of
As at 31 December 2019                                                                                 € million             € million            maturity date
Contracts with positive fair values                                                                      69.1                    2.4
  Non-current                                                                                            17.9                    0.7
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                               17.9                    0.7           Jan21-Nov21
  Current                                                                                                51.2                    1.7
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                      7.3                    0.1           Jan20-Sep20
  Foreign currency option contracts                                                                       9.5                    0.2            Jul20-Sep20
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                               34.4                    1.4           Jan20-Dec20

Contracts with negative fair values                                                                     141.8                   (4.3)
  Non-current                                                                                             6.4                   (0.1)
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                                6.4                   (0.1)          Jan21-Nov21
  Current                                                                                               135.4                   (4.2)
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    104.7                   (2.5)          Jan20-Nov20
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                               30.7                   (1.7)          Jan20-Dec20
182   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




24. Financial risk management and financial instruments continued
                                                                                                         Notional amount              Carrying amount                  Period of
As at 31 December 2018                                                                                            € million                    € million            maturity date
Contracts with positive fair values                                                                               434.4                           4.5
  Non-current                                                                                                       1.4                           0.1
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                                          1.4                           0.1            Jan20-Oct20
  Current                                                                                                         433.0                           4.4
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                               78.3                           2.1            Jan19-Dec19
  Interest rate contracts                                                                                         350.0                           2.2                  Dec19
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                                          4.7                           0.1            Jan19-Dec19

Contracts with negative fair values                                                                               216.0                         (11.5)
  Non-current                                                                                                      19.7                           (1.3)
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                                         19.7                          (1.3)           Jan20-Nov20
  Current                                                                                                         196.3                         (10.2)
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                              120.5                          (1.1)           Jan19-Dec19
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                                         75.8                          (9.1)           Jan19-Dec19

The impact on the hedging reserve as a result of applying cash flow hedge accounting was:
                                                Spot component of      Intrinsic value of      Cost of hedging
                                                   foreign currency   foreign currency      reserve of currency     Commodity swap         Interest rate swap
                                                 forward contracts    option contracts              derivatives          contracts                  contracts               Total
Opening balance 1 January 2018                               (2.0)                (0.2)                      –                  0.9                   (43.8)              (45.1)
Net gain of cash flow hedges                                  9.2                  2.1                       –                (11.2)                    6.2                 6.3
  Change in fair value of hedging
  instruments recognised in OCI                               8.9                   2.6                     –                 (11.2)                    (0.2)               0.1
  Reclassified to profit or loss                              0.3                  (0.5)                    –                      –                     6.4                6.2
  Cost of hedging recognised in OCI                             –                     –                  (3.5)                     –                    (1.8)              (5.3)
  Reclassified to the cost of inventory                      (7.0)                 (1.7)                  3.0                   (0.2)                      –               (5.9)
Closing balance 31 December 2018                              0.2                  0.2                   (0.5)                (10.5)                  (39.4)              (50.0)
Net gain of cash flow hedges                                 (6.6)                 0.5                      –                   2.8                     5.8                 2.5
  Change in fair value of hedging
  instruments recognised in OCI                              (6.6)                 0.5                      –                   2.8                     (1.0)               (4.3)
  Reclassified to profit or loss                                –                    –                      –                     –                      6.8                 6.8
Cost of hedging recognised in OCI                               –                    –                   (4.5)                    –                    (6.6)              (11.1)
Reclassified to the cost of inventory                         2.8                    –                    4.4                   7.9                        –               15.1
Closing balance 31 December 2019                             (3.6)                 0.7                   (0.6)                  0.2                   (40.2)              (43.5)

As at 1 January 2018 the transfer of cash flow hedge reserve to the cost of inventory is directly from equity.
The effect of the cash flow hedges in the consolidated income statement was:
                                                                                                                                                        2019                 2018
                                                                                                                                                Loss / (Gain)        Loss / (Gain)
                                                                                                                                                   € million             € million
Net amount reclassified from other comprehensive income to cost of goods sold                                                                                –              (0.2)
Net amount reclassified from other comprehensive income to finance costs                                                                                   6.8               6.4
Total                                                                                                                                                      6.8              6.2

There was no significant ineffectiveness on the cash flow hedges during the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 in relation to cash flow hedges.
                                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019              183
                                                                                                                                                               SR

                                                                                                                                                               CG

                                                                                                                                                               FS

                                                                                                                                                               SSR

                                                                                                                                                               SI




b) Undesignated hedges
The fair values of derivative financial instruments as at 31 December which economically hedge Group’s risks and for which hedge accounting
has not been applied were:
                                                                                        Notional amount        Carrying amount                   Period of
As at 31 December 2019                                                                          € million              € million             maturity date
Contracts with positive fair values                                                               163.1                     1.3
  Non-current                                                                                      23.8                     0.5
  Embedded derivatives                                                                             23.8                     0.5           Jan21-May21
  Current                                                                                         139.3                     0.8
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                              139.3                     0.8           Jan20-Dec20

Contracts with negative fair values                                                               189.3                     (7.4)
  Non-current                                                                                       2.7                        –
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                          2.7                        –          Jan21-Nov21
  Current                                                                                         186.6                     (7.4)
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                               74.9                     (3.6)         Jan20-Dec20
  Foreign currency future contracts                                                                81.8                     (0.1)         Jan20-Dec20
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                         29.9                     (3.7)         Jan20-Dec20
                                                                                         Notional amount        Carrying amount                  Period of
As at 31 December 2018                                                                            € million              € million            maturity date
Contracts with positive fair values                                                               296.4                     4.9
  Non-current                                                                                      54.2                     1.6
  Embedded derivatives                                                                             54.2                     1.6           Jan 19-May21
  Current                                                                                         242.2                     3.3
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                              160.7                     3.2           Jan 19-Dec19
  Foreign currency future contracts                                                                81.5                     0.1           Jun19-Nov19

Contracts with negative fair values                                                              (165.4)                    (6.4)
  Current                                                                                        (165.4)                    (6.4)
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                             (215.4)                    (2.9)         Jan 19-Dec19
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                         50.0                     (3.5)         Jan 19-Dec19

The effect of the undesignated hedges in the consolidated income statement was:
                                                                                                                                  2019                 2018
                                                                                                                          Loss / (Gain)        Loss / (Gain)
                                                                                                                             € million             € million
Net amount recognised in cost of goods sold                                                                                      11.4                  8.7
Net amount recognised in operating expenses                                                                                       (6.5)               (6.3)
Total                                                                                                                              4.9                2.4
184    COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




24. Financial risk management and financial instruments continued
Financial instruments’ categories
Categories of financial instruments as at 31 December were as follows (in € million):
2019                                                                                                                                                Analysis of total assets
                                                                                          Derivatives
                                                                                           designated
                                          Financial assets at            Assets at         as hedging      Equity financial   Total current and
Assets                                       amortised cost                FVTPL         instruments      assets at FVOCI         non-current         Current            Non-current
Investments including loans
to related parties                                   361.8                 371.5                    –                 3.7              737.0          732.4                         4.6
Derivative financial instruments                         –                   1.3                  2.4                   –                3.7            2.5                         1.2
Trade and other receivables excluding
prepayments                                         935.5                      –                    –                   –              935.5         931.6                          3.9
Cash and cash equivalents                           823.0                      –                    –                   –              823.0         823.0                            –
Total                                             2,120.3                  372.8                  2.4                 3.7            2,499.2       2,489.5                          9.7
                                                                                                                                                   Analysis of total liabilities
                                                                                                              Derivatives
                                                                                                               designated
                                                                 Liabilities held at     Liabilities at        as hedging     Total current and
Liabilities                                                        amortised cost              FVTPL         instruments          non-current         Current            Non-current
Trade and other payables excluding provisions
and deferred income                                                     1,553.9                     –                   –            1,553.9       1,547.8                      6.1
Borrowings                                                              3,324.7                     –                   –            3,324.7         761.8                  2,562.9
Derivative financial instruments                                              –                   7.4                 4.3               11.7          11.6                      0.1
Total                                                                   4,878.6                   7.4                 4.3            4,890.3       2,321.2                  2,569.1
2018                                                                                                                                                 Analysis of total assets
                                                                                            Derivatives
                                                                                           designated
                                           Financial assets at            Assets at         as hedging     Equity financial    Total current and
Assets                                        amortised cost                FVTPL         instruments     assets at FVOCI          non-current         Current            Non-current
Investments including loans
to related parties                                   248.3                   34.9                   –                 3.5              286.7          282.3                         4.4
Derivative financial instruments                         –                    4.9                 4.5                   –                9.4            7.7                         1.7
Trade and other receivables excluding
prepayments                                         870.4                       –                   –                   –              870.4         866.6                          3.8
Cash and cash equivalents                           712.3                       –                   –                   –              712.3         712.3                            –
Total                                             1,831.0                    39.8                 4.5                 3.5            1,878.8       1,868.9                          9.9
                                                                                                                                                    Analysis of total liabilities
                                                                                                                Derivatives
                                                                                                               designated
                                                                  Liabilities held at                           as hedging     Total current and
Liabilities                                                        amortised cost Liabilities at FVTPL        instruments          non-current         Current            Non-current
Trade and other payables excluding provisions
and deferred income                                                     1,564.2                     –                  –             1,564.2       1,557.6                      6.6
Borrowings                                                              1,604.4                     –                  –             1,604.4         136.4                  1,468.0
Derivative financial instruments                                              –                   6.4               11.5                17.9          16.6                      1.3
Total                                                                   3,168.6                   6.4               11.5             3,186.5       1,710.6                  1,475.9
                                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      185
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

                                                                                                                                                         SI




Interest rate swap contracts
The Group entered into forward starting swap contracts of €500.0m in 2014 to hedge the interest rate risk related to its Euro-denominated
forecast issuance of fixed rate debt in March 2016. In August 2015 the Group entered into additional forward starting swap contracts of €100.0m.
In March 2016 the forward starting swap contracts were settled and at the same time the new note was issued, the accumulated loss of €55.4m
recorded in other comprehensive income is being amortised to the income statement over the term of the new note (refer to Note 25).
The Group entered into swaption contracts of €350.0m in 2018 and €1,050.0m in 2019 to hedge the interest rate risk related to its Euro-
denominated forecast issuance of fixed rate debt in 2019 and formally designated them as cash flow hedges. In May and November 2019
the swaption contracts were settled and, at the same time, the new notes were issued. The accumulated loss of €9.6m recorded in other
comprehensive income is being amortised to the income statement over the relevant period.

Embedded derivatives
During 2015 the Group recognised embedded derivatives whose risks and economic characteristics were not considered to be closely related
to the commodity contract in which they were embedded. The fair value of the embedded derivatives as at 31 December 2019 amounted
to a financial asset of €0.5m (2018: €1.6m).

Fair values of financial assets and liabilities
For financial instruments such as cash, deposits, debtors and creditors, investments, loans payable to related parties, short-term borrowings
(excluding the current portion of bonds and notes payable) and other financial liabilities (other than bonds and notes payable), carrying values
are a reasonable approximation of their fair values. According to the fair value hierarchy, the financial instruments measured at fair value are
classified as follows:

Level 1
The fair value of FVOCI listed equity securities as well as FVTPL securities is based on quoted market prices at the reported date. The fair value
of bonds is based on quoted market prices at the reported date.

Level 2
The fair value of foreign currency forward, option and future contracts, commodity swap contracts, bonds and notes payable, interest rate
swap contracts, forward starting swap contracts and embedded foreign currency derivatives is determined by using valuation techniques.
These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data. The fair value of the foreign currency forward, option and future
contracts, commodity swap contracts, embedded foreign currency derivatives and cross-currency swap contracts is calculated by reference
to quoted forward exchange, deposit rates and the forward rate curve of the underlying commodity at the reported date for contracts with
similar maturity dates. The fair value of interest rate option contracts is calculated by reference to the Black-Scholes valuation model and implied
volatilities. The fair value of interest rate swap contracts is determined as the difference in the present value of the future interest cash inflows
and outflows based on observable yield curves.

Level 3
The fair value of FVOCI unlisted equity securities as well as certain undesignated derivatives is determined through the use of estimated
discounted cash flows or other valuation technique.
186   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




24. Financial risk management and financial instruments continued
The following table provides the fair value hierarchy levels into which fair value measurements are categorised for assets and liabilities measured
at fair value as at 31 December 2019:
                                                                                          Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                                                         € million        € million        € million        € million
Financial assets at FVTPL
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                          –                0.8                 –          0.8
  Embedded derivatives                                                                        –                0.5                 –          0.5
  Money market funds                                                                      371.5                  –                 –        371.5
Derivative financial assets used for hedging
Cash flow hedges
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                             –             0.1                 –            0.1
  Foreign currency option contracts                                                              –             0.2                 –            0.2
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                       –             2.1                 –            2.1
Assets at FVOCI
  Equity securities                                                                         0.9                 –              2.8            3.7
Total financial assets                                                                    372.4               3.7              2.8          378.9
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                             –            (3.6)               –            (3.6)
  Foreign currency futures contracts                                                             –            (0.1)               –            (0.1)
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                       –               –             (3.7)           (3.7)
Derivative financial liabilities used for hedging
Cash flow hedges
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                             –           (2.5)               –            (2.5)
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                       –           (1.8)               –            (1.8)
Total financial liabilities                                                                      –           (8.0)            (3.7)          (11.7)

There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 in the period.
The following table provides the fair value hierarchy levels into which fair value measurements are categorised for assets and liabilities measured
at fair value as at 31 December 2018:
                                                                                           Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                                                          € million        € million        € million        € million
Financial assets at FVTPL
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                          –                3.2                 –           3.2
  Embedded derivatives                                                                        –                1.6                 –           1.6
  Foreign currency futures contracts                                                          –                0.1                 –           0.1
  Money market funds                                                                       34.9                  –                 –          34.9
Derivative financial assets used for hedging
Cash flow hedges
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                             –             2.1                 –            2.1
  Interest rate swap contracts                                                                   –             2.2                 –            2.2
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                       –             0.2                 –            0.2
Assets at FVOCI
  Equity securities                                                                         0.7                 –              2.8             3.5
Total financial assets                                                                     35.6               9.4              2.8            47.8
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                             –            (2.9)               –            (2.9)
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                       –            (0.4)            (3.1)           (3.5)
Derivative financial liabilities used for hedging
Cash flow hedges
  Foreign currency forward contracts                                                             –           (1.1)               –            (1.1)
  Commodity swap contracts                                                                       –         (10.4)                –           (10.4)
Total financial liabilities                                                                      –         (14.8)             (3.1)          (17.9)

There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 in the period.
                                                                                                             INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       187
                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                       SI




25. Net debt
 Accounting policy
 Borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value net of transaction costs incurred.
 After initial recognition, all interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Amortised cost is calculated using the
 effective interest rate method whereby any discount, premium or transaction costs associated with a borrowing are amortised to the income
 statement over the borrowing period.
 Refer also to Note 16 for accounting policy on leases.
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts
 of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of change in value. Bank overdrafts are classified as short-term borrowings in the balance
 sheet and for the purpose of the cash flow statement. Time deposits and treasury bills which do not meet the definition of cash and cash
 equivalents are classified as short-term investments at amortised cost. Money market funds are classified as short-term investments at fair
 value through profit or loss.
 Net debt is defined as current borrowings plus non-current borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, and certain other financial assets.

Net debt for the year ended 31 December comprised:
                                                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                                               ​         € million         € million
Current borrowings                                                                                                        761.8            136.4
Non-current borrowings                                                                                                  2,562.9          1,468.0
Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          (823.0)          (712.3)
• Financial assets at amortised cost                                                                                     (357.3)          (243.9)
• Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                                  (371.5)            (34.9)
Less: Other financial assets                                                                                             (728.8)          (278.8)
Net debt                                                                                                                1,772.9            613.3

The financial assets at amortised cost comprise time deposits amounting to €349.8m (31 December 2018: €243.9m) and also include an
amount of €7.5m (31 December 2018: €nil) invested in Nigerian Treasury Bills. The financial assets at fair value through profit or loss relate to
money market funds. The line item ‘Other financial assets’ on the balance sheet includes derivative financial instruments of €2.5m (2018: €7.7m)
and related party loans receivable of €3.6m (2018: €3.5m).

a) Borrowings
The Group held the following borrowings as at 31 December:
                                                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                                               ​         € million         € million
Bonds, bills and unsecured notes                                                                                          563.1               –​
Commercial paper                                                                                                          100.0            95.0
Loans payable to related parties (refer to Note 27)                                                                        20.1             4.0
Other borrowings                                                                                                           22.3            30.9
​                                                                                                                         705.5           129.9
Obligations under leases falling due within one year                                                                       56.3             6.5
Total borrowings falling due within one year                                                                              761.8           136.4
Borrowings falling due within one to two years                                                                                 ​               ​
  Bonds, bills and unsecured notes                                                                                            –           798.3
  Loans payable to related parties (refer to Note 27)                                                                      27.2            13.3
Borrowings falling due within two to five years                                                                                ​               ​
  Bonds, bills and unsecured notes                                                                                        597.4               –
Borrowings falling due in more than five years                                                                                 ​               ​
  Bonds, bills and unsecured notes                                                                                      1,783.6           596.9
​                                                                                                                       2,408.2         1,408.5
Obligations under leases falling due in more than one year                                                                154.7            59.5
Total borrowings falling due after one year                                                                             2,562.9         1,468.0
Total borrowings                                                                                                        3,324.7         1,604.4
188   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




25. Net debt continued
Reconciliation of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities:
                                                 ​             Borrowings                           Leases                                        ​           ​
                                                          due within          due in more   due within         due in more           Derivative
                                                 ​         one year         than one year    one year        than one year   assets / (liabilities)       Total
Balance at 1 January 2018                                    158.8             1,393.5           7.6                66.3                         –    1,626.2
Cash flows                                                         ​                  ​             ​                   ​                         ​           ​
Proceeds from borrowings                                       39.5               12.9             –                   –                         –        52.4
Repayments of borrowings                                      (69.6)                 –             –                   –                         –       (69.6)
Principal repayments of finance lease
obligations                                                       –                    –         (7.7)                  –                        –        (7.7)
Interest paid                                                 (34.7)                   –         (5.7)                  –                        –       (40.4)
Proceeds from / (payments for) settlement
of derivatives regarding financing activities                     –                    –           –                   –                      1.4           1.4
Total cash flows                                             (64.8)                12.9        (13.4)                  –                     1.4         (63.9)
Finance leases increase                                           –                    –           –                (0.8)                       –          (0.8)
Effect of changes in exchange rates                               –                    –           –                (0.4)                       –          (0.4)
Other non-cash movements                                       35.9                  2.1        12.3                (5.6)                    (1.4)        43.3
Balance at 31 December 2018                                 129.9              1,408.5           6.5               59.5                         –     1,604.4
Recognition of leases on adoption of IFRS 16                      –                    –        39.9              105.5                         –       145.4
Arising from business combination                            125.6                     –         0.3                 0.3                        –       126.2
Cash flows                                                         ​                    ​           ​                   ​                        ​             ​
Proceeds from borrowings                                       16.7            1,823.3             –                   –                        –     1,840.0
Repayments of borrowings                                    (135.6)              (236.6)           –                   –                        –      (372.2)
Principal repayments of lease obligations                         –                    –       (45.5)                  –                        –        (45.5)
Interest paid                                                 (43.7)               (17.0)      (11.1)                  –                        –        (71.8)
Proceeds from / (payments for) settlement
of derivatives regarding financing activities                    –                    –            –                   –                     (8.3)        (8.3)
Total cash flows                                             (37.0)            1,569.7         (16.4)             105.8                      (8.3)    1,613.8
Leases increase                                                  –                    –         13.7                50.0                        –        63.7
Effect of changes in exchange rates                            0.1                  3.4          0.9                 1.7                        –          6.1
Other non-cash movements                                    612.5                (573.4)        51.6               (62.3)                     8.3        36.7
Balance at 31 December 2019                                 705.5              2,408.2          56.3              154.7                         –​    3,324.7

The line ‘Other non-cash movements’ primarily comprises the transfers from long-term to short-term liabilities.

Commercial paper programme
In October 2013 the Group established a €1.0bn Euro-commercial paper programme (the ‘CP programme’) which was updated in September
2014 and then in May 2017, to further diversify its short-term funding sources. The Euro-commercial paper notes may be issued either as
non-interest-bearing notes sold at a discount or as interest-bearing notes at a fixed or floating rate. All commercial paper issued under the CP
programme must be repaid within 7 to 364 days. The CP programme has been granted the Short-Term Euro Paper label (‘STEP’) and commercial
paper is issued through Coca-Cola HBC’s fully owned subsidiary Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. and is fully, unconditionally and irrevocably
guaranteed by Coca-Cola HBC AG. The outstanding amount under the CP programme as at 31 December 2019 was €100.0m (2018: €95.0m).

Committed credit facilities
In April 2019, the Group updated its then-existing €500.0m syndicated revolving credit facility, which was set to expire in June 2021. The updated
syndicated revolving credit facility has been increased to €800.0m and has been extended to April 2024 with the option to be extended for up
to two more years until April 2026. This facility can be used for general corporate purposes and carries a floating interest rate over EURIBOR and
LIBOR. No amounts have been drawn under the syndicated loan facility since inception. The borrower in the syndicated loan facility is Coca-Cola
HBC’s fully owned subsidiary Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. and it is fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Coca-Cola HBC AG. The
facility is not subject to any financial covenants that would impact the Group’s liquidity or access to capital.
In December 2019 the Group established a loan facility of US dollar 85m to finance the purchase of production equipment by the Group’s
subsidiary in Nigeria. The facility will be drawn down by the Nigerian Bottling Company (‘NBC’) over the course of 2020 and 2021 and has a term
of 8 years. The obligations under this facility are guaranteed by Coca-Cola HBC AG.
                                                                                                            INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019            189
                                                                                                                                                           SR

                                                                                                                                                           CG

                                                                                                                                                           FS

                                                                                                                                                           SSR

                                                                                                                                                           SI




Euro medium-term note programme
In June 2013, the Group established a new €3.0bn Euro medium-term note programme (the ‘EMTN programme’). The EMTN programme was
updated in September 2014, September 2015 and then April 2019, when it was increased to €5.0bn. Notes are issued under the EMTN programme
through Coca-Cola HBC’s 100%-owned subsidiary Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. and are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed
by Coca-Cola HBC AG.
In June 2013, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. completed the issue of €800m, 2.375%, seven-year fixed rate, Euro-denominated notes. The net
proceeds of the new issue were used to repay the US dollar 500m notes due in September 2013 and partially repay €183.0m of the 7.875%
five-year fixed rate notes due in January 2014.
In March 2016, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. completed the issue of a €600m Euro-denominated fixed rate bond maturing in November 2024.
The coupon rate of the new bond is 1.875% which, including the amortisation of the loss on the forward starting swap contracts over the term
of the fixed rate bond, results in an effective interest rate of 2.99%. The net proceeds of the new issue were used to partially repay €214.6m
of the 4.25% seven-year fixed rate notes due in November 2016. The remaining €385.4m was repaid in November 2016 upon its maturity.
In May 2019, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. completed the issue of a €700m Euro-denominated fixed rate bond maturing in May 2027 with a coupon
rate of 1% and the issue of a €600m Euro-denominated fixed rate bond maturing in May 2031 with a coupon rate of 1.625%. The net proceeds
of the new issue were used to partially repay €236.6m of the 2.375%, seven-year fixed rate bond due in June 2020.
In November 2019, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. completed the issue of a €500m Euro-denominated fixed rate bond maturing in November 2029
with a coupon rate of 0.625%.
As at 31 December 2019, a total of €3.0bn in notes issued under the EMTN programme were outstanding.

Summary of notes outstanding as at 31 December
              ​                            ​                         ​               ​                   Book Value                         Fair Value
                                                                                               2019            2018          2019                 2018
Notes             Start date                   Maturity date              Fixed coupon      € million       € million     € million            € million
€800              18 June 2013                 18 June 2020                 2.375%           563.1          798.3          566.6              822.5
€600              10 March 2016                11 November 2024             1.875%           597.4          596.9          652.3              632.5
€700              14 May 2019                  14 May 2027                  1.000%           695.2              –          721.5                  –
€500              21 November 2019             21 November 2029             0.625%           493.2              –          489.7                  –
€600              14 May 2019                  14 May 2031                  1.625%           595.2              –          643.4                  –
Total             ​                            ​                                  ​        2,944.1        1,395.2        3,073.5            1,455.0

The weighted average effective interest rate of the Euro-denominated fixed rate bonds is 2.06% and the weighted average maturity is 6.8 years.
The fair values are within Level 1 of the value hierarchy.

Obligations under leases
As at 31 December 2018 finance leases were recorded in accordance with IAS 17. Future minimum lease payments together with the present
value of the net minimum lease payments were as follows:
                                                                                                                               2018
                                                                                                               ​              € million
                                                                                                                         Minimum          Present value
                                                                                                               ​        payments           of payments
Less than one year                                                                                                         11.2                  6.5
Later than one year but less than five years                                                                               44.5                 29.8
Later than five years                                                                                                      36.5                 29.7
Total minimum lease payments                                                                                              92.2                  66.0
Future finance charges on leases                                                                                          (26.2)                   –
Present value of minimum lease payments                                                                                   66.0                  66.0
190   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




25. Net debt continued
Total borrowings at 31 December were held in the following currencies:
                                                                            ​                Current                            Non-current
                                                                                          2019                 2018            2019                2018
                                                                            ​          € million            € million       € million           € million
Euro                                                                                   709.2               129.8          2,442.5             1,412.8
Russian rouble                                                                          21.8                   –             37.6                13.3
Nigerian naira                                                                           9.4                 1.1             15.3                   –
US dollar                                                                                1.5                 2.3             22.0                23.0
Bulgarian lev                                                                            5.0                   –             12.9                   –
Czech koruna                                                                             2.9                   –              9.1                   –
Swiss franc                                                                              4.5                   –              6.1                   –
UK sterling                                                                              1.9                 1.6              7.4                 7.7
Romanian leu                                                                             1.4                   –              3.5                   –
Polish zloty​                                                                            1.7​                1.0​             1.6​               11.2​
Croatian kuna                                                                            1.0                 0.3              1.2                   –
Hungarian forint                                                                         0.7                   –              1.2                   –
Belarusian rouble                                                                          –                   –​             1.2                   –​
Bosnian mark                                                                             0.3                   –              0.3                   –
Other                                                                                    0.5                 0.3              1.0                   –
Total borrowings                                                                       761.8               136.4          2,562.9             1,468.0

The carrying amounts of interest-bearing borrowings held at fixed and floating interest rate as at 31 December 2019 were as follows:
                                                                                                              Fixed         Floating
                                                                                                       interest rate    interest rate             Total
                                                                                               ​           € million        € million          € million
Euro                                                                                                     3,139.5              12.2            3,151.7
Russian rouble                                                                                              16.1              43.3               59.4
Nigerian naira                                                                                              24.7                 –               24.7
US dollar                                                                                                   23.5                 –               23.5
Bulgarian lev                                                                                               17.9                 –               17.9
Czech koruna                                                                                                12.0                 –               12.0
Swiss franc                                                                                                 10.6                 –               10.6
UK sterling                                                                                                  1.2               8.1                9.3
Romanian leu                                                                                                 4.9                 –​               4.9
Polish zloty​                                                                                                3.3​                –​               3.3​
Croatian kuna                                                                                                2.2                 –                2.2
Hungarian forint                                                                                             1.9                 –                1.9
Belarusian rouble                                                                                            1.2                 –                1.2
Bosnian mark                                                                                                 0.6                 –                0.6
Other                                                                                                        1.5                 –​               1.5
Total interest-bearing borrowings                                                                        3,261.1              63.6            3,324.7

As of 31 December 2018, other borrowings of €0.3m were subject to factoring agreements, based on which the customers are liable to the
interest being charged (refer to Note 18).

b) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December comprise the following:
                                                                                                                               2019                2018
                                                                                                                    ​       € million           € million
Cash at bank, in transit and in hand                                                                                        662.8              396.5
Short-term deposits                                                                                                         160.2              315.8
Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             823.0              712.3
                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       191
                                                                                                                                                           SR

                                                                                                                                                           CG

                                                                                                                                                           FS

                                                                                                                                                           SSR

                                                                                                                                                           SI




Cash and cash equivalents are held in the following currencies:
                                                                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                                                                   ​          € million        € million
Euro                                                                                                                          683.5            577.0
Nigerian naira                                                                                                                 33.1             49.8
Serbian dinar                                                                                                                  20.0              9.6
Polish zloty                                                                                                                   18.2              9.0
Russian rouble                                                                                                                 16.3             22.9
Romanian leu                                                                                                                   11.1              8.7
US dollar                                                                                                                       8.1              3.3
UK sterling                                                                                                                     6.7             13.2
Ukrainian hryvnia                                                                                                               5.3              1.9
Hungarian forint                                                                                                                5.0              3.3
Belarusian rouble                                                                                                               4.1              1.7
Bosnian mark                                                                                                                    2.9              1.2
Croatian kuna                                                                                                                   2.1              1.9
Moldovan leu                                                                                                                    2.1              1.1
Czech koruna                                                                                                                    1.1              1.2
Swiss franc                                                                                                                     1.0              5.4
Other                                                                                                                           2.4              1.1
Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               823.0            712.3

As at 31 December 2019, time deposits of €349.8m (2018: €243.9m), which do not meet the definition of cash and cash equivalents, and
investment in Nigerian Treasury Bills of €7.5m (2018: €nil), which relates to the outstanding balance held for the repayment of Nigerian Bottling
Company former minority shareholders following the 2011 acquisition of non-controlling interests, are recorded as other financial assets.
Cash and cash equivalents include an amount of €33.1m equivalent in Nigerian naira. This includes an amount of €6.4m equivalent in Nigerian
naira which relates to the outstanding balance held for the repayment of Nigerian Bottling Company former minority shareholders, following the
2011 acquisition of non-controlling interests.
The amount of dividends payable to the Company by its operating subsidiaries is subject to, among other restrictions, general limitations
imposed by the corporate laws and exchange control restrictions of the respective jurisdictions where those subsidiaries are organised and
operate. Also, there are fund transfer restrictions in certain countries in which we operate, in particular Belarus, Nigeria, Serbia and Ukraine, where
these restrictions do not have a material impact on the Group’s liquidity, as the amounts of cash and cash equivalents held in such countries are
generally retained for capital expenditure, working capital and dividend distribution purposes. Intra-group dividends paid by certain of our
subsidiaries are also subject to withholding taxes.

26. Equity
 Accounting policies
 Share capital
 Coca-Cola HBC has only one class of shares, ordinary shares. When new shares are issued, they are recorded in share capital at their par
 value. The excess of the issue price over the par value is recorded in the share premium reserve. Incremental external costs directly
 attributable to the issue of new shares or to the process of returning capital to shareholders are recorded in equity as a deduction, net of tax,
 in the share premium reserve.

 Dividends
 Dividends are recorded in the Group’s consolidated financial statements, against the relevant equity component, in the period in which they
 are approved by the Group’s shareholders.
192   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




26. Equity continued
a) Share capital, share premium and Group reorganisation reserve
                                                                                     Number of                                                Group
                                                                                         shares           Share            Share      reorganisation
                                                                                   (authorised           capital        premium              reserve
                                                                          ​         and issued)        € million         € million          € million
Balance as at 1 January 2018                                                   370,763,039           2,015.1           4,739.3            (6,472.1)
Shares issued to employees exercising stock options (refer to Note 28)            1,064,190               6.1                9.2                 –
Dividends                                                                                 –                 –            (200.6)                 –
Balance as at 31 December 2018                                                 371,827,229           2,021.2           4,547.9           (6,472.1)
Shares issued to employees exercising stock options (refer to Note 28)            1,352,731               8.0               13.4                 –
Cancellation of shares                                                           (3,249,803)            (18.4)             (74.1)                –
Dividends                                                                                 –                 –            (208.9)                 –
Special dividend                                                                          –                 –            (733.0)                 –
Balance as at 31 December 2019                                                 369,930,157           2,010.8           3,545.3           (6,472.1)

The Group reorganisation reserve relates to the impact from adjusting share capital, share premium and treasury shares to reflect the statutory
amounts of Coca-Cola HBC on 25 April 2013, together with the transaction costs incurred by the latter, relating primarily to the re-domiciliation
of the Group and its admission to listing in the premium segment of the London Stock Exchange, following successful completion of the voluntary
share exchange offer (refer also to Note 1). These transactions were treated as a reorganisation of an existing entity that has not changed the
substance of the reporting entity.
In 2019, the share capital of Coca-Cola HBC increased by the issue of 1,352,731 (2018: 1,064,190) new ordinary shares following the exercise
of stock options pursuant to the Coca-Cola HBC AG employee stock option plan. Total proceeds from the issuance of the shares under the
stock option plan amounted to €21.4m (2018: €15.3m).
Following the above changes, as at 31 December 2019 the share capital of the Group amounted to €2,010.8m (2018: €2,021.2m) and comprised
369,930,157 shares with a nominal value of CHF 6.70 each.

b) Dividends
The shareholders of Coca-Cola HBC AG approved the 2017 dividend distribution of €0.54 per share at the Annual General Meeting held on
11 June 2018. The total dividend amounted to €200.6m and was paid on 24 July 2018. Of this, an amount of €1.8m related to shares held by
the Group.
The shareholders of Coca-Cola HBC AG approved the 2018 dividend distribution of €0.57 per share as well as a special dividend of €2.00 per
share at the Annual General Meeting held on 18 June 2019. The total dividend amounted to €941.9m and was paid on 30 July 2019. Of this,
an amount of €8.8m related to shares held by the Group.
The Board of Directors of Coca-Cola HBC AG has proposed a €0.62 dividend per share in respect of 2019. If approved by the shareholders
of Coca-Cola HBC AG, this dividend will be paid in 2020.

c) Treasury shares and reserves
The reserves of the Group at 31 December were as follows:
                                                                                                                             2019               2018
                                                                                                                   ​      € million          € million
Treasury shares                                                                                                          (169.8)           (184.1)
Exchange equalisation reserve                                                                                            (964.7)         (1,088.8)
Other reserves                                                                                                                  ​                 ​
  Hedging reserve, net                                                                                                     (42.6)            (49.6)
  Tax-free reserve                                                                                                        163.8             163.8
  Statutory reserves                                                                                                        28.0              27.6
  Stock option and performance share reserve                                                                                84.9            102.9
  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve, net                                             0.8               0.6
  Other                                                                                                                     21.4              23.7
Total other reserves                                                                                                      256.3             269.0
Total reserves                                                                                                           (878.2)         (1,003.9)
                                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    193
                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                     SSR

                                                                                                                                                     SI




Treasury shares
Treasury shares held by the Group represent shares acquired following approval of share buy-back programmes, forfeited shares under the
equity compensation plan operated by the Group as well as shares representing the initial ordinary shares of Coca-Cola HBC acquired from
Kar-Tess Holding.
On 11 June 2018, the Annual General Meeting adopted a proposal for share buy-back of up to 7,500,000 ordinary shares of Coca-Cola HBC
for the purpose of neutralising the dilution resulting from shares issued under Coca-Cola HBC’s equity compensation plans and meeting the
requirements of the Company’s employee incentive scheme. The programme was partially completed during 2018 for a consideration of €27.8m.
As a result of an irrevocable share purchase agreement entered into in December 2018, the Group recognised a UK sterling-denominated
liability of €85.5m with a corresponding deduction in treasury shares. This resulted in a movement to treasury shares within the consolidated
statement of changes in equity of €113.3m for 2018.
The programme was completed in full in May 2019 for a total consideration of €220.6m. This resulted in a movement to treasury shares within the
consolidated statement of changes in equity of €106.1m, being the consideration paid in 2019 of €192.8m adjusted for the impact from the €85.5m
UK sterling-denominated liability recognised as at 31 December 2018, further adjusted by €1.2m recorded on settlement of the arrangement.
On 18 June 2019, the Annual General Meeting approved the proposal to reduce the share capital of Coca-Cola HBC AG by cancelling the
3,249,803 treasury shares acquired as part of the share buy-back programme described above. The consequent reduction in the share capital
was completed in August 2019.
An amount of €27.9m relates to treasury shares provided to employees in 2019 in connection with vested performance share awards under
the Company’s employee incentive scheme, which was reflected as an appropriation of reserves between ‘Treasury shares’ and ‘Other reserves’
in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, more specifically the ‘Stock option and performance share reserve’.
As at 31 December 2019, 6,658,233 (2018: 4,478,128) treasury shares were held by the Group.

Exchange equalisation reserve
The exchange equalisation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of Group
entities with functional currencies other than the Euro.

Other reserves
Hedging reserve
The hedging reserve reflects changes in the fair values of derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges, net of the deferred tax related to
such balances.
Tax-free and statutory reserves
The tax-free reserve includes investment amounts exempt from tax according to incentive legislation, other tax-free income or income taxed
at source.
Statutory reserves are particular to the various countries in which the Group operates. The amount of statutory reserves of the parent entity,
Coca-Cola HBC AG, is €nil. During 2019, an amount of €0.4m (2018: €0.3m) was reclassified to statutory reserves relating to the establishment
of additional reserves by the Group’s subsidiaries.
Stock option and performance share reserve
The stock option and performance share reserve represents the cumulative charge to the income statement for employee stock option
and performance share awards less the vested performance share awards.
Other
Other reserves are particular to the various countries in which the Group operates and include shares held for the Group’s employee share
purchase plan, which is an equity compensation plan in which eligible employees may participate.

27. Related party transactions
a) The Coca-Cola Company
As at 31 December 2019, The Coca-Cola Company indirectly owned 23.0% (2018: 22.9%) of the issued share capital of Coca-Cola HBC.
The Coca-Cola Company considers Coca-Cola HBC to be a ‘key bottler’ and has entered into bottlers’ agreements with Coca-Cola HBC
in respect of each of the Group’s territories. All the bottlers’ agreements entered into by The Coca-Cola Company and Coca-Cola HBC are
Standard International Bottlers’ (‘SIB’) agreements.
194   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




27. Related party transactions continued
The terms of the bottlers’ agreements grant Coca-Cola HBC the right to produce and the exclusive right to sell and distribute the beverages
of The Coca-Cola Company in each of the countries in which the Group operates. Consequently, Coca-Cola HBC is obliged to purchase all
concentrate for The Coca-Cola Company’s beverages from The Coca-Cola Company, or its designee, in the ordinary course of business.
On 10 October 2012, The Coca-Cola Company agreed to extend the term of the bottlers’ agreements for a further 10 years until 2023.
The Coca-Cola Company owns or has applied for the trademarks that identify its beverages in each of the countries in which the Group operates.
The Coca-Cola Company has authorised Coca-Cola HBC and certain of its subsidiaries to use the trademark ‘Coca-Cola’ in their corporate names.
The below table summarises transactions with The Coca-Cola Company and its subsidiaries:
                                                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                                                 ​          € million        € million
Purchases of concentrate, finished products and other items                                                               1,596.5          1,525.3
Net contributions received for marketing and promotional incentives                                                         119.2            110.8
Sales of finished goods and raw materials                                                                                    15.7             17.6
Other income                                                                                                                  3.3              8.3
Other expenses                                                                                                                5.6              3.8

The Coca-Cola Company makes discretionary marketing contributions to Coca-Cola HBC’s operating subsidiaries. The participation in shared
marketing agreements is at The Coca-Cola Company’s discretion and, where co-operative arrangements are entered into, marketing expenses
are shared. Such arrangements include the development of marketing programmes to promote The Coca-Cola Company’s beverages.
Contributions received from The Coca-Cola Company for marketing and promotional incentives during the year amounted to €119.2m (2018:
€110.8m): contributions made by The Coca-Cola Company to Coca-Cola HBC for price support and marketing and promotional campaigns
in respect of specific customers in 2019 totalled €92.6m (2018: €95.1m), while contributions made by The Coca-Cola Company to Coca-Cola
HBC for general marketing programmes in 2019 totalled €26.6m (2018: €15.7m). The Coca-Cola Company has also customarily made additional
payments for marketing and advertising directly to suppliers as part of the shared marketing arrangements. The proportion of direct and indirect
payments, made at The Coca-Cola Company’s discretion, will not necessarily be the same from year to year.
As at 31 December 2019, the Group had a total amount due from The Coca-Cola Company of €61.4m (2018: €76.7m), and a total amount due
to The Coca-Cola Company of €309.4m including loan payable of €43.3m (2018: €256.1m including loan payable of €13.3m).

b) Frigoglass S.A. (‘Frigoglass’), Kar-Tess Holding and AG Leventis (Nigeria) Plc
Truad Verwaltungs AG currently indirectly owns 48.6% of Frigoglass and 50.7% of AG Leventis (Nigeria) Plc and also indirectly controls Kar-Tess
Holding, which holds approximately 23.1% (2018: 23.0%) of Coca-Cola HBC’s total issued share capital.
The below table summarises transactions with the above entities:
                                                                                                                               2019             2018
Frigoglass & subsidiaries​                                                                                                  € million        € million
Purchases of coolers, cooler parts, glass bottles, crowns and raw and other materials                                       131.2            138.7
Maintenance and other expenses                                                                                               24.0             21.0
AG Leventis (Nigeria) Plc                                                                                                        ​                ​
Purchases of finished goods and other materials                                                                               7.5              5.1
Other expenses                                                                                                                0.3              0.8

Frigoglass, a company listed on the Athens Exchange, is a manufacturer of coolers, cooler parts, glass bottles, crowns and plastics.
Frigoglass has a controlling interest in Frigoglass Industries (Nigeria) Limited, a company in which the Group has a 23.9% effective interest,
through its investment in Nigerian Bottling Company Ltd. Furthermore, during 2015 the Group acquired through its investment in Nigerian
Bottling Company Ltd a 23.9% effective interest in Frigoglass West Africa Ltd. In 2019, Frigoglass West Africa Ltd merged with Frigoglass
Industries (Nigeria) Limited.
The Group entered into a supply agreement with Frigoglass for the purchase of cooling equipment in 1999. The supply agreement was extended
in 2004, 2008, 2013 and, most recently, in 2018, on substantially similar terms. Coca-Cola HBC has the status of most favoured customer
of Frigoglass, on a non-exclusive basis, provided that it obtains at least 60% (at prices which are agreed on an annual basis and which must be
competitive) of its annual requirements for cooling equipment from Frigoglass. The current agreement expires on 31 December 2020.
As at 31 December 2019, Coca-Cola HBC owed €16.4m (2018: €18.3m) to and was owed €0.9m (2018: €0.3m) by Frigoglass.
As at 31 December 2019, the Group owed €1.9m (2018: €1.4m) to and was owed €nil (2018: €0.1m) by AG Leventis (Nigeria) Plc.
Capital commitments to Frigoglass and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2019 amounted to €32.4m (€28.1m as at 31 December 2018)
including the Group’s share of its joint ventures‘ capital commitments to Frigoglass.
                                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        195
                                                                                                                                                           SR

                                                                                                                                                           CG

                                                                                                                                                           FS

                                                                                                                                                           SSR

                                                                                                                                                           SI




c) Other related parties
The below table summarises transactions with other related parties:
                                                                                                                                2019             2018
                                                                                                                  ​          € million        € million
Purchases                                                                                                                       2.1              2.4
Other expenses                                                                                                                 17.5             18.7

During 2019, the Group incurred subsequent expenditure for fixed assets of €2.1m (2018: €2.4m) from other related parties. Furthermore,
during 2019, the Group incurred expenses of €17.5m (2018: €18.7m) mainly related to maintenance services for cold drink equipment and
installations of coolers, fountains, vending and merchandising equipment from other related parties.
As at 31 December 2019, the Group owed €1.2m (2018: €2.7m) to and was owed €0.1m (2018: €0.1m) by other related parties.

d) Joint ventures
During 2019, the Group purchased €18.3m of finished goods (2018: €10.6m) from joint ventures. In addition, during 2019 the Group recorded
sales of finished goods and raw materials of €3.8m (2018: €2.7m) to joint ventures. Furthermore, the Group recorded other income of €4.2m
(2018: €4.2m) and other expenses of €3.9m (2018: €2.1m) from joint ventures.
As at 31 December 2019, the Group owed €9.6m including loans payable of €4.0m (2018: €9.6m including loans payable of €4.0m) to and was
owed €6.8m including loans receivable of €3.6m (2018: €7.4m including loans receivable of €3.5m) by joint ventures. During 2019 the Group
received dividends and capital returns of €7.7m (2018: €7.4m) from BrewTech B.V. Group of companies, which are included in the line
‘Net receipts from equity investments’ of the consolidated cash flow statement.

e) Directors and senior management
Anastassis G. David, Anastasios I. Leventis, Christo Leventis and Ryan Rudolph have all been nominated by Kar-Tess Holding to the Board of
Coca-Cola HBC. José Octavio Reyes has been nominated by TCCC to the Board of Coca-Cola HBC and Alfredo Rivera has been elected to the
Board of Coca-Cola HBC following a proposal by TCCC. There have been no transactions between Coca-Cola HBC and the Directors and senior
management except for remuneration (refer to Note 8).

28. Share-based payments
 Accounting policies
 Stock option and performance share award plan
 Coca-Cola HBC provides equity-settled share-based payments to its senior managers in the form of an employee stock option and
 performance share award plan (the ‘Plan’).
 Stock options under the Plan are measured at fair value at the date of grant. Fair value reflects the parameters of the compensation plan,
 the risk-free interest rate, the expected volatility, the dividend yield and the early exercise experience under the Plan. Expected volatility is
 determined by calculating the historical volatility of Coca-Cola HBC’s share price over previous years. The fair value determined at the grant
 date is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
 The Plan offers a specified number of performance share awards that vest three years after the grant. The fair value is determined at the
 grant date and reflects the parameters of the compensation plan, the dividend yield and the closing share price on the date of grant. The fair
 value determined at the grant date is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. At the end of each reporting period the Group
 revises its estimates of the number of shares that are expected to vest based on non-market conditions, and recognises the impact of the
 revision to original estimates, if any, in the income statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
 When the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, the minimum expense recognised is the grant date fair value of the unmodified
 award, provided the original vesting terms of the award are met. An additional expense, measured as at the date of modification, is recognised
 for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payment transaction, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee.

 Employee Share Purchase Plan
 The Group operates an employee share purchase plan (the ‘ESPP’), an equity compensation plan in which eligible employees can participate.
 The Group makes contributions to the plan for participating employees and recognises expenses over the vesting period of the contributions.
196    COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




28. Share-based payments continued
The charge included in employee costs regarding share-based payments for the years ended 31 December is analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                             2019               2018
                                                                                                                ​         € million          € million
Performance share awards                                                                                                     12.7             13.3
Employee Share Purchase Plan                                                                                                  4.8              5.3
Total share-based payments charge                                                                                            17.5             18.6

Terms and conditions
Stock option and performance share award plan
Based on Plan rules, senior managers are granted awards of stock options, based on performance, potentiality and level of responsibility.
Options are granted at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company’s shares trading on the London Stock Exchange on the day
of the grant. Options vest in one-third increments each year for three years and can be exercised for up to 10 years from the date of award.
When the options are exercised, the proceeds received by the Group, net of any transaction costs, are credited to share capital (at the nominal
value) and share premium. The Group has not issued any new stock options since 2014.
Since 2015 performance shares are the primary long-term award. Senior managers are granted performance share awards, which have a
three-year vesting period and are linked to Group-specific key performance indicators. The closing price of the Company’s shares trading on
the London Stock Exchange on the day of the grant is used to determine the number of performance share awards granted. In 2018 the Group
modified the performance share plan, in order for eligible employees to receive upon vesting, additionally to the specific number of shares, the
value of dividends corresponding to the years from grant till vest date, subject to the approval of the Remuneration Committee. The incremental
fair value of €1.38 per share for the 2015 and 2016 grant and €1.48 per share for the 2017 grant is recognised as an expense from the
modification date to the end of the vesting period.

Employee Share Purchase Plan
The Employee Share Purchase Plan is administered by a Plan Administrator. Under the terms of this plan, employees have the opportunity to
invest 1% to 15% of their salary in ordinary Coca-Cola HBC shares by contributing to the plan through a payroll deduction. Employee deductions
are used monthly to purchase ordinary Coca-Cola HBC shares in the open market (London Stock Exchange).
Coca-Cola HBC will match employee contributions up to a maximum of 3% of the employee’s salary. Employer matching cash contributions
vest one year after the grant, at which time they are used to purchase matching shares on the open market that are immediately vested.
Dividends received in respect of shares held under this plan are used to purchase additional shares at the time of dividend distribution. Shares
are held under the Plan Administrator. For employees resident in Greece, Coca-Cola HBC matches the employee’s contribution with an annual
employer contribution of up to 5% of the employee’s salary that vests annually in December of each year.

Stock option activity
As a result of the special dividend distribution in 2019 (refer to Note 26) and following the related approval of the Remuneration Committee,
an equitable adjustment was made to the exercise price of each unexercised stock option as well as to the outstanding number of stock options
under each grant. This equitable adjustment ensured the intrinsic value of each stock option was retained and did not result in incremental fair
value for any of the unexercised stock options.
The outstanding stock options are fully vested and are exercisable until 2026.
A summary of stock option activity in 2019 under all grants is as follows:
                                                                                                         Number        Weighted*          Weighted
                                                                                                         of stock         average           average
                                                                                                         options     exercise price    exercise price
                                                                                              ​              2019      2019 (EUR)        2019 (GBP)
Outstanding at 1 January                                                                             5,299,467             16.29             14.73
Equitable adjustment                                                                                   257,408             17.39             14.86
Exercised                                                                                           (1,352,731)            16.59             14.17
Outstanding at 31 December                                                                           4,204,144             16.45             14.05
Exercisable at 31 December                                                                           4,204,144             16.45             14.05

A summary of stock option activity in 2018 under all grants is as follows:
                                                                                                         Number         Weighted*         Weighted
                                                                                                         of stock          average          average
                                                                                                         options      exercise price   exercise price
​                                                                                                           2018        2018 (EUR)       2018 (GBP)
Outstanding at 1 January                                                                              6,363,657            16.29             14.46
Exercised                                                                                            (1,064,190)           14.49             13.10
Outstanding at 31 December                                                                           5,299,467             16.29             14.73
Exercisable at 31 December                                                                           5,299,467             16.29             14.73
** For convenience purposes, the prices are translated at the closing exchange rate.
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019           197
                                                                                                                                                             SR

                                                                                                                                                             CG

                                                                                                                                                             FS

                                                                                                                                                             SSR

                                                                                                                                                             SI




Total proceeds from the issuance of the shares under the stock option plan in 2019 amounted to €21.4m (2018: €15.3m).
The weighted average remaining contractual life of stock options outstanding at 31 December 2019 was 2.5 years (2018: 3.5 years).

Performance shares activity
As a result of the special dividend distribution in 2019 (refer to Note 26) and following the related approval of the Remuneration Committee,
an equitable adjustment was made to the number of outstanding shares under the Plan. This equitable adjustment did not result in incremental
fair value for the outstanding shares.
A summary of performance shares activity is as follows:
                                                                                                                ​      Number of performance shares
                                                                                                                ​              2019                   2018
Outstanding at 1 January                                                                                               2,277,871          2,122,290
Granted1                                                                                                                 739,237             678,969
Equitable adjustment                                                                                                     115,706                   –
Vested                                                                                                                (1,037,024)           (396,402)
Forfeited / Cancelled                                                                                                   (201,767)           (126,986)
Outstanding at 31 December                                                                                             1,894,023          2,277,871
1. Includes dividend equivalent shares.

In 2018, following approval of the Remuneration Committee, the 396,402 shares relating to the former CEO vested fully. The weighted average
remaining contractual life of performance shares outstanding at 31 December 2019 was 1.3 years (2018: 1.1 years).
The fair value for the 2019 performance share plan is £26.17 per share (2018: £25.282). Relevant inputs into the valuation are as follows:
                                                                                                                ​              2019                   2018
Weighted average share price                                                                                              £26.17              £25.282
Dividend yield                                                                                                                 nil                 nil
Weighted average exercise period                                                                                        3.0 years           3.0 years
2. Fair value prior to equitable adjustment.


29. Contingencies
In relation to the Greek Competition Authority’s decision of 25 January 2002, one of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A.’s competitors
had filed a lawsuit against Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A. claiming damages in an amount of €7.7m. The court of first instance heard
the case on 21 January 2009 and subsequently rejected the lawsuit. The plaintiff appealed the judgement and on 9 December 2013 the Athens
Court of Appeals rejected the plaintiff’s appeal. Following the spin-off, Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C. substituted Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling
Company S.A. as defendant in this lawsuit. The 2013 Court of Appeals decision has been rendered final and irrecoverable and the case was
closed. On 19 April 2014, the same plaintiff filed a new lawsuit against Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A. (following the spin-off,
Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C.) claiming payment of €7.5m as compensation for losses and moral damages for alleged anti-competitive
commercial practices of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A. between 1994 and 2013. The two lawsuits partially overlap in the time period
for which damages are sought by the plaintiff. The hearing of the new lawsuit was scheduled for 17 January 2019. On 21 December 2018, the
plaintiff served their withdrawal from the lawsuit. However, on 20 June 2019, the same plaintiff filed another new lawsuit against Coca-Cola HBC
Greece S.A.I.C. claiming payment of €10.1m as compensation for losses and moral damages again for alleged anti-competitive commercial
practices of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A. for the same period between 1994 and 2013. The parties filed their briefs and exhibits
with the Court and the hearing date of the case has been scheduled for 1 April 2020. Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C. has not provided for any
losses related to this case.
With respect to the ongoing investigation of the Greek Competition Commission initiated on 6 September 2016, regarding Coca-Cola HBC
Greece S.A.I.C.’s operations in certain commercial practices in the sparkling juice and water categories, on 29 May 2019 the Greek Competition
Commission issued a Statement of Objections to Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C. and certain former and current employees, for obstruction of its
on-site investigation. Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C. collaborated fully with the Commission. In connection with this Statement of Objections,
a hearing took place on 24 July 2019. On 4 March 2020, Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C. was served with the decision of the Greek Competition
Commission in respect of this Statement of Objections and the procedural case regarding the obstruction of the on-site investigation, based
on which a fine amounting to €0.8m was imposed on Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C. Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C. has fully provided for this
amount. The Greek Competition Commission in this decision accepted the proposal for active co-operation and settlement of the case, which
was submitted by Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C. in line with its policy of full compliance with the principles of competition law and cooperation
with the regulatory authorities. The Greek Competition Commission’s investigation on Coca-Cola HBC Greece S.A.I.C.’s commercial
practices, is still ongoing.
198   COCA-COLA HBC




Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




29. Contingencies continued
In 1992, our subsidiary Nigerian Bottling Company (‘NBC’) acquired a manufacturing facility in Nigeria from Vacunak, a Nigerian company.
In 1994, Vacunak filed a lawsuit against NBC, alleging that a representative of NBC had orally agreed to rescind the sale agreement and instead
enter into a lease agreement with Vacunak. As part of its lawsuit, Vacunak sought compensation for rent and loss of business opportunities. NBC
discontinued all use of the facility in 1995. On 19 August 2013, NBC received the written judgment of the Nigerian court of first instance issued
on 28 June 2012 providing for damages of approximately €20.3m. NBC has filed an appeal against the judgment. Based on advice from NBC’s
outside legal counsel, we believe that it is unlikely that NBC will suffer material financial losses from this case. We have consequently not provided
for any losses in relation to this case.
The tax filings of the Group and its subsidiaries are routinely subjected to audit by tax authorities in most of the jurisdictions in which the Group
conducts business. These audits may result in assessments of additional taxes. The Group provides for additional tax in relation to the outcome
of such tax assessments, to the extent that a liability is probable and estimable.
The Group is also involved in various other legal proceedings. Management believes that any liability to the Group that may arise as a result
of these pending legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows, or the financial position
of the Group taken as a whole.

30. Commitments
 Accounting policy
 In 2018, leases of property, plant and equipment not classified as finance leases were classified as operating leases under IAS 17 ‘Leases‘.
 Rentals paid under operating leases were charged to the income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
 From 1 January 2019, the Group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for short-term and low-value leases,
 in accordance with IAS 16 ‘Leases‘ (refer to Note 16 for further information).


a) Operating leases
The total future minimum lease payments under operating leases at 31 December were due as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    2018
                                                                                                                                   ​             € million
Less than one year                                                                                                                             53.0
Later than one year but less than five years                                                                                                   98.1
Later than five years                                                                                                                          32.2
Future minimum lease payments                                                                                                                 183.3

The total operating lease charges included within operating expenses for 2018 amounted to €59.4m, of which €39.8m related to plant
and equipment and €19.6m related to property.

b) Capital commitments
As at 31 December 2019, the Group had capital commitments for property, plant and equipment amounting to €221.7m (2018: €131.7m).
Of this, €1.1m and €0.9m are related to the Group’s share of the commitments arising from joint operations and joint ventures respectively
(2018: €0.7m and €nil respectively).
Capital commitments for 2019 include total future minimum lease payments under leases not yet commenced to which the Group was committed
at 31 December 2019 of €16.8m.

31. Post balance sheet events
On 17 March 2020 the Remuneration Committee granted 1,114,716 performance share awards under the performance share plan, which have
a three-year vesting period.
The outbreak of novel coronavirus (COVID-19) in early 2020 has affected business and economic activity around the world, including certain
countries in which we operate. The Group considers this outbreak to be a non-adjusting post balance sheet event as of 31 December 2019.
Given the spread of the coronavirus, the range of potential outcomes for the global economy are difficult to predict at this point in time.
Possible outcomes range from successful virus containment and minor short-term impact, to a prolonged global contagion resulting in potential
recession. At the same time, there are a number of policy and fiscal responses emerging across the globe intended to mitigate potential negative
economic impacts. When it comes to our business, we are monitoring the COVID-19 outbreak developments closely, the Group follows guidance
from the World Health Organization and abides by the requirements as activated by local governments. We have been implementing contingency
plans to mitigate the potential adverse impact on the Group’s employees and operations.
                      INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      199
                                                               SR

                                                               CG

                                                               FS

                                                               SSR



Swiss                                                          SI




Statutory
Reporting
Contents

Swiss Statutory Reporting
200   Report of the statutory auditor on Coca‑Cola HBC
      AG’s consolidated financial statements
206   Report of the statutory auditor on Coca‑Cola HBC
      AG’s financial statements
209   Coca‑Cola HBC AG’s financial statements
221   Report of the statutory auditor on the Statutory
      Remuneration Report
222   Statutory Remuneration Report
200   COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting




Report of the statutory auditor
to the General Meeting of
Coca-Cola HBC AG
Steinhausen/Zug


Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Coca-Cola HBC AG and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated
income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2019, the consolidated balance
sheet as at 31 December 2019 and the consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash flow statement for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements (pages 137 to 198) give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2019 and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and comply with Swiss law.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) and Swiss Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities
under those provisions and standards are further described in the “Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements” section of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the requirements of the Swiss audit profession, as well
as the IESBA Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Our audit approach
Overview                          Overall Group materiality: €33 million
                                  We conducted full scope audit work at subsidiaries in 15 countries. Our audit scope addressed 84% of the
                                  Group’s consolidated net sales revenue. We also conducted specified audit procedures and analytical review
             Materiality          procedures for other subsidiaries and Group functions.
                                  As key audit matters, the following areas of focus have been identified:
                                  • Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets valuation
                                  • Uncertain tax positions
      Audit scope                 • Provisions and contingent liabilities




             Key audit
              matters
                                                                                                                  INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     201
                                                                                                                                                           SR

                                                                                                                                                           CG

                                                                                                                                                           FS

                                                                                                                                                           SSR

                                                                                                                                                           SI




Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. Our audit opinion aims to provide reasonable assurance that the
consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered
material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of the consolidated financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall Group materiality for
the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to
determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both
individually and in aggregate, on the consolidated financial statements as a whole.
Overall Group materiality             €33 million
How we determined it                  5% of profit before tax
Rationale for the materiality         We chose profit before tax as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the benchmark against which
benchmark applied                     the performance of the Group is most commonly measured, and it is a generally accepted benchmark.

We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements above €1.0 million identified during our audit as well as any
misstatements below that amount which, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.

Audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed sufficient work to be able to provide an opinion on the financial statements as a whole,
taking into account the geographic structure of the Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates.
The Group operates through its trading subsidiaries in 28 countries, as set out on page 145 of the Annual Report. The processing of the accounting
entries for these subsidiaries is largely centralised in a shared services centre in Bulgaria, except for the subsidiaries in Russia, Ukraine, Belarus,
Armenia and North Macedonia, which process their accounting entries locally. The Group also operates centralised treasury functions in the
Netherlands and in Greece and a centralised procurement function in Austria.
Based on the significance to the financial statements and in light of the key audit matters as noted below, we identified subsidiaries in 15 countries
(including the trading subsidiaries in Italy, Russia, Nigeria, Romania and Switzerland) which in our view, required an audit of their complete financial
information. We also performed specified audit procedures on certain balances and transactions on one joint operation. In addition, audit
procedures were performed with respect to the centralised treasury functions by the group engagement team and with respect to the centralised
procurement function by the component audit team in Austria. The group engagement team also performed analytical review and other
procedures on balances and transactions of subsidiaries not covered by the procedures described above.
The group engagement team’s involvement with respect to audit work performed by component auditors included site visits and attendance at
component audit meetings. Where physical attendance was not undertaken, the group engagement team held conference calls with component
audit teams and with local management, as considered appropriate. Furthermore, the group engagement team reviewed component auditor
work papers and undertook other forms of interactions as considered necessary depending on the significance of the component and the extent
of accounting and audit issues arising. The Group consolidation, financial statement disclosures and a number of areas of significant judgement,
including goodwill and intangible assets, material provisions and contingent liabilities, were audited by the group engagement team.
Based on the above, the subsidiaries for which an audit of their complete financial information was performed accounted for 84% of consolidated
net sales revenue.
202   COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets valuation
Key audit matter                                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Refer to Note 13 for intangible assets including goodwill and to Note 23     We evaluated the appropriateness of management’s identification of
for business combinations.                                                   the Group’s CGUs, related control activities and the process by which
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as at 31 December 2019       management prepared the CGUs’ value-in-use calculations.
amount to €1,773.7 million and €318.3 million, respectively.                 We tested the mathematical accuracy of the CGUs’ value-in-use
The above amounts have been allocated to individual cash-generating          calculations and compared the cash flow projections included therein to
units (‘CGUs’), which require the performance of an impairment               the latest financial budgets approved by the Directors, covering a one
assessment at least annually. The impairment assessment involves the         year period and management’s projections for the subsequent four
determination of the recoverable amount of the CGU, being the higher         years. In addition, we assessed the quality of the budgeting process
of the value-in-use and the fair value less costs to dispose.                by comparing the prior year budget with actual results.
This area was a key matter for our audit due to the size of the goodwill     We challenged management’s cash flow projections around the key
and indefinite-lived intangible assets balances and because the              drivers of cash flow forecasts including performance with respect to
determination of whether elements of goodwill and of indefinite-lived        revenue, short-term and long‑term volume growth and the level of
intangible assets are impaired involves complex and subjective               direct costs.
estimates made by management about the future results of the CGUs.           With the support of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the
These estimates and judgements include assumptions surrounding               appropriateness of key assumptions including discount, perpetuity
revenue growth rates, direct costs, foreign exchange rates and               growth and foreign exchange rates.
discount rates.                                                              We performed sensitivity analyses on the key drivers of cash flow
Furthermore, macroeconomic volatility, competitor activity and               forecasts for the CGUs with significant balances of goodwill and
regulatory/fiscal developments can adversely affect each CGU and             indefinite-lived intangible assets as well as for CGUs which remain
potentially the carrying amount of goodwill and indefinite-lived             sensitive to changes in the key drivers, including the goodwill and
intangible assets.                                                           franchise agreements held by the Nigeria CGU.
In addition, during 2019 the Group acquired a 100% shareholding in           Specifically, as regards the Bambi acquisition we assessed the business
Koncern Bambi a.d. Požarevac (‘Bambi’) a Serbian confectionary               combinations process and engaged our component team to perform
business. This acquisition was the main contributor to the increase in       a full scope audit of the opening balance sheet. With the support of our
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, adding €114.6 million and   valuation specialists we reviewed management’s purchase price
€117.9 million of goodwill and indefinite-lived trademarks, respectively.    allocation, including attending a series of calls with the Group’s valuation
                                                                             experts to critically challenge the valuation methodology and key
                                                                             underlying assumptions used. We evaluated the key inputs used in the
                                                                             valuation model as well as management’s assessment of the useful
                                                                             lives of intangible assets identified.
                                                                             We assessed the appropriateness and completeness of the related
                                                                             disclosures in Note 13, as regards goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
                                                                             assets, and in Note 23, with respect to the acquisition of Bambi.
                                                                             As a result of our work, we found that the determination by
                                                                             management that no impairment was required for goodwill and
                                                                             indefinite-lived intangible assets was supported by assumptions within
                                                                             reasonable ranges.
                                                                             Furthermore, we determined that the underlying assumptions used
                                                                             by management in the business combination and purchase price
                                                                             allocation of Bambi form a reasonable basis for the carrying value of the
                                                                             goodwill and trademarks of Bambi.
                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     203
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

                                                                                                                                                         SI




Uncertain tax positions
Key audit matter                                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Refer to Note 10 for taxation and Note 29 for contingencies.                 We evaluated the related accounting policy for estimating tax exposures.
The Group operates in numerous tax jurisdictions and is subject to           In conjunction with our tax specialists, we evaluated management’s
periodic tax audits by local tax authorities on a range of tax matters in    judgements in respect of estimates of tax exposures and contingencies
relation to corporate tax, transfer pricing and indirect taxes. As at 31     in order to assess the adequacy of the Group’s tax provisions. In order
December 2019, the Group has current tax liabilities of €129.6 million,      to understand and evaluate management’s judgements, we considered
which include €95.1 million of provisions for uncertain tax positions.       the status of current tax authority audits and enquiries, the outcome of
Where the amount of tax payable is uncertain, the Group establishes          previous tax authority audits, judgmental positions taken in tax returns
provisions based on management’s judgements with respect to the              and current year estimates as well as recent developments in the
likelihood of material tax exposures and the probable amount of the          various tax jurisdictions in which the Group operates.
liability. We consider this a key audit matter given the number of           We challenged management’s key assumptions, particularly in cases
judgements involved in estimating the provisions relating to uncertain       where there had been significant developments with tax authorities.
tax positions and the complexity of dealing with tax rules and regulations   From the evidence obtained we consider management’s judgements
in numerous jurisdictions.                                                   as at 31 December 2019 to be reasonable under the circumstances.

Provisions and contingent liabilities
Key audit matter                                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Refer to Note 21 for provisions and Note 29 for contingencies.               Our procedures with respect to provisions and contingent liabilities
The Group faces a number of threatened and actual legal and                  included the following:
regulatory proceedings. The determination of the provision and/or the        • We evaluated the design of and tested key controls with respect
level of disclosure required involves a high degree of judgement                to litigation and regulatory proceedings.
resulting in provisions and contingent liabilities being considered a key    • Where relevant, we read external legal advice obtained
audit matter.                                                                   by management.
                                                                             • We discussed open matters with the Group’s general counsel.
                                                                             • We met with local management and if deemed necessary we read
                                                                                relevant correspondence.
                                                                             • We assessed and challenged management’s conclusions through
                                                                                understanding precedence set in similar cases.
                                                                             • Obtained confirmation requests from relevant third-party legal
                                                                                representatives and had follow-up discussions, where appropriate,
                                                                                on certain material cases.
                                                                             • We assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures
                                                                                in Note 29.
                                                                             Based on the work performed, whilst noting the inherent uncertainty with
                                                                             such legal and regulatory matters, we determined that management’s
                                                                             judgements, including related disclosures, as at 31 December 2019
                                                                             are reasonable.
204   COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




Other information in the annual report
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information in the annual report. The other information comprises all information included in
the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements, the stand-alone financial statements and the remuneration report
of Coca-Cola HBC AG and our auditor’s reports thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information in the annual report and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information in the annual report and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained
in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the consolidated financial statements
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance
with IFRS and the provisions of Swiss law, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board
of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law, ISAs and Swiss Auditing Standards will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Swiss law, ISAs and Swiss Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and
  perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
  opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
  collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
  but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
  obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
  continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the
  related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
  based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
  cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether
  the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express
  an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit.
  We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    205
                                                                                                                                                      SR

                                                                                                                                                      CG

                                                                                                                                                      FS

                                                                                                                                                      SSR

                                                                                                                                                      SI




We communicate with the Board of Directors or its relevant committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Board of Directors or its relevant committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the Board of Directors or its relevant committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In accordance with article 728a paragraph 1 item 3 CO and Swiss Auditing Standard 890, we confirm that an internal control system exists which
has been designed for the preparation of consolidated financial statements according to the instructions of the Board of Directors.
We recommend that the consolidated financial statements submitted to you be approved.
PricewaterhouseCoopers AG




Michael Foley                                     Laura Bucur
Audit Expert                                      Audit Expert
Auditor In Charge
Zürich, 19 March 2020


Enclosure:
• Consolidated financial statements (consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
  balance sheet, consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated cash flow statement and notes)
206   COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




Report of the statutory auditor
to the General Meeting of
Coca-Cola HBC AG
Steinhausen/Zug


Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Coca-Cola HBC AG, which comprise the balance sheet as at 31 December 2019, statement
of income and notes for the year then ended, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements as at 31 December 2019 (pages 209 to 220) comply with Swiss law and the company’s
articles of incorporation.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those provisions and standards
are further described in the “Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements” section of our report.
We are independent of the entity in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the requirements of the Swiss audit profession and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Our audit approach
Overview                          Overall materiality: CHF 34’800’000
                                  We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on
                                  the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the entity, the accounting processes
             Materiality          and controls, and the industry in which the entity operates.
                                  As key audit matter, the following area of focus has been identified:
                                  Valuation of investment in subsidiary

      Audit scope




             Key audit
              matters
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     207
                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                       SI




Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. Our audit opinion aims to provide reasonable assurance that the financial
statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually
or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall materiality for the
financial statements as a whole as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope
of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually and in
aggregate, on the financial statements as a whole.
Overall materiality                   CHF 34’800’000
How we determined it                  0.5% of Net Assets
Rationale for the materiality         We chose net assets as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the benchmark which reflects the actual
benchmark applied                     substance of the entity. This is a generally accepted benchmark for ultimate holding entities.


Audit scope
We designed our audit by determining materiality and assessing the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements. In particular,
we considered where subjective judgements were made; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making
assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management
override of internal controls, including among other matters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk
of material misstatement due to fraud.

Report on key audit matters based on the circular 1/2015 of the Federal Audit Oversight Authority
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the
current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Valuation of investment in subsidiary
Key audit matter                                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Refer to Notes 1 and 2.2 for the Directors’ disclosures of the related      We reperformed the market capitalisation comparison test performed
accounting policy and the detailed information on the valuation             by management.
of the investment in subsidiary.                                            In addition, we obtained comfort over the valuation of investment
The investment in subsidiary as at 31 December 2019 amounts                 in subsidiary by reviewing management’s goodwill impairment
to CHF 7’214 million.                                                       analysis performed for the purposes of the IFRS consolidated
                                                                            financial statements.
The valuation of the investment in subsidiary is inherently a matter
of judgement as it relies on forecasts of future profitability and cash     As a result of our work, we found management’s assumptions and their
flows. Macroeconomic volatility, competitor activity and regulatory/        determination that no impairment was required to be reasonable, after
fiscal developments can adversely affect the group’s performance            having recorded the reduction of the investment to reflect the dividend
and potentially the carrying amount of the total investment.                received from Coca Cola HBC Holdings B.V. of CHF 1,051 million.
The Company’s market capitalisation is subject to share price volatility.
Management tests the carrying value of the Company’s investment
annually by comparing the market capitalisation of the Group with
the carrying value of the investment.


Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the financial statements
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the
company’s articles of incorporation, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either
intends to liquidate the entity or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
208   COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit
  procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
  of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
  intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
  but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
  obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the entity’s ability to continue
  as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
  disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
  evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the entity to cease to continue
  as a going concern.
We communicate with the Board of Directors or its relevant committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Board of Directors or its relevant committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the Board of Directors or its relevant committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In accordance with article 728a paragraph 1 item 3 CO and Swiss Auditing Standard 890, we confirm that an internal control system exists which
has been designed for the preparation of financial statements according to the instructions of the Board of Directors.
We further confirm that the proposed appropriation of available earnings complies with Swiss law and the company’s articles of incorporation.
We recommend that the financial statements submitted to you be approved.
PricewaterhouseCoopers SA




Michael Foley                                     Laura Bucur
Audit Expert                                      Audit Expert
Auditor In Charge
Zürich, 19 March 2020


Enclosures:
• Financial statements (balance sheet, statement of income and notes)
• Proposed appropriation of the available earnings
                                                                     INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     209
                                                                                                             SR

                                                                                                             CG

                                                                                                             FS

                                                                                                             SSR


Coca-Cola HBC AG, Steinhausen (Zug)                                                                          SI
Balance sheet


                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                  CHF thousands
                                                                    Note           2019              2018
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents                                                          48                489
Short-term receivables from direct and indirect participations      2.1        14,874              5,377
Short-term receivables from third parties                                       1,402              1,071
Total current assets                                                           16,324              6,937
Investments in subsidiaries                                         2.2     7,213,865          8,264,856
Property, plant and equipment (incl. right-of-use assets)                       2,354              1,153
Total non-current assets                                                    7,216,219          8,266,009
Total assets                                                                7,232,543          8,272,946

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Trade payables due to third parties                                             1,590              1,206
Short-term liabilities to direct and indirect participations        2.3         5,078              2,608
Short-term lease liabilities                                                      445                  –
Accrued expenses                                                    2.3        38,339             39,990
Total short-term liabilities                                                   45,452             43,804
Long-term interest-bearing liabilities to indirect participations   2.4       216,277              9,832
Long-term lease liabilities                                                       900                  –
Provisions                                                          2.5         7,329              8,688
Total long-term liabilities                                                   224,506             18,520
Share capital                                                       2.6     2,478,532          2,491,242
Legal capital reserves
  Reserves from capital contributions                                       4,470,097          5,601,593
  Reserves for treasury shares                                      2.7        85,298             85,298
Retained earnings
  Results carried forward                                                       66,092           126,232
  Loss for the year                                                            (23,289)           (60,140)
Treasury shares                                                     2.7      (114,145)            (33,603)
Total shareholders’ equity                                          2.8     6,962,585          8,210,622
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                  7,232,543          8,272,946
210   COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued


Coca-Cola HBC AG, Steinhausen (Zug)
Statement of income


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         CHF thousands
                                                                            Note          2019                2018
Dividend income                                                                    1,050,991             236,341
Other operating income                                                       2.9      25,294              20,412
Total operating Income                                                             1,076,285             256,753

Employee costs                                                              2.10      (26,242)             (35,649)
Other operating expenses                                                    2.11      (15,469)             (43,758)
Writedown of investments                                                     2.2   (1,050,991)           (236,341)
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (incl. right-of-use assets)                (570)                (192)
Total operating expenses                                                           (1,093,272)           (315,940)

Operating loss                                                                        (16,987)            (59,187)

Finance income                                                                            995                  399
Finance costs                                                                          (7,118)                (852)
Foreign exchange differences                                                                –                 (281)

Loss before tax                                                                       (23,110)            (59,921)
Direct taxes                                                                             (179)               (219)

Loss for the year                                                                     (23,289)            (60,140)
                                                                                                                       INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019             211
                                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                                       SSR


Notes to the Financial Statements of Coca-Cola HBC AG,                                                                                                                 SI

Steinhausen (Zug)
Introduction
Coca-Cola HBC AG (‘the Company’) was incorporated on 19 September 2012 by Kar-Tess Holding. On 11 October 2012, the Company
announced a voluntary share exchange offer to acquire all outstanding ordinary registered shares and all American depositary shares of
Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A., Maroussi (GR) (‘CCHBC SA’). As a result of the successful completion of this offer, on 25 April 2013
the Company acquired 96.85% of the issued CCHBC SA shares, including shares represented by American depositary shares, and became the
new parent company of the Group (the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries). On 17 June 2013, the Company completed its
statutory buyout of the remaining shares of CCHBC SA that it did not acquire upon completion of its voluntary share exchange offer.

1. Accounting principles
Accounting principles applied in the preparation of the financial statements
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of commercial accounting as set out in the Swiss Code
of Obligations (Art. 957 to 963b CO). Significant accounting and valuation principles are described below:

Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

Other operating income
The Company provides management services to its principal subsidiaries and acts as guarantor to its principal subsidiary, Coca-Cola HBC
Finance B.V. The income from these services is recognised in the accounting period in which the service is provided.

Exchange rate differences
The accounting records of the Company are retained in Euro and translated to Swiss francs (CHF) for presentation purposes. Except for
investments in subsidiaries, property, plant and equipment, long-term liabilities and equity, which are translated at historical rates, all assets
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into CHF using the closing exchange rate as at 31 December 2019. Income
and expenses are translated into CHF at the average exchange rate of the reporting year except for dividend income and related writedown
of investments (see Note 2.2) which are valued at the transaction date exchange rate. Net unrealised exchange losses are recorded in the
income statement, while net unrealised gains are deferred within accrued liabilities.
                                                                                Balance sheet as at                      Income statement for the year ended
Exchange rates                                                         31 December 2019          31 December 2018       31 December 2019         31 December 2018
EUR                                                                              1.09                      1.13                    1.11                        1.16
USD                                                                              0.97                      0.99                       –                           –
GBP                                                                              1.27                      1.25                       –                           –

Leasing disclosure
From 1 January 2019 management has applied an economic-view approach to the disclosure of lease contracts considering the underlying
usage rights. Right-of-use assets are presented within property, plant and equipment and depreciated over their usefull life (or lease term if
this is shorter). The short- and long-term lease liabilities are adjusted for interest and lease payments, comparatives have not been restated.

Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries are valued at historical cost and evaluated for impairment if identified triggering events occur.

Property, plant and equipment
Right-of-use assets are included within property, plant and equipment.
Depreciation is calculated on the basis of the following useful lives and in accordance with the following methods:
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                  Useful life                 Method
Leasehold improvement (building)                                                                                               20 years               5% linear
Leasehold improvement (office infrastructure)                                                                                  10 years              10% linear
Building infrastructure                                                                                                        12 years            8.33% linear
                                                                                                                       Shorter of useful
Right-of-use buildings and company cars                                                                             life and lease term                 Linear
Furniture and fixtures, office equipment and other tangible fixed assets                                                         8 years           12.5% linear
Telephony infrastructure                                                                                                         7 years          14.29% linear
Communication equipment, computers and PCs                                                                                       4 years             25% linear
Tablets                                                                                                                          3 years          33.33% linear
212    COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




Treasury shares
Treasury shares are recognised at acquisition cost and deducted from shareholders’ equity at the time of acquisition. If treasury shares are sold,
the gain or loss arising is recognised in the income statement as finance income or finance cost as appropriate.

2. Information relating to the balance sheet and statement of income
2.1 Short-term receivables from direct and indirect participations
The short-term receivables from direct and indirect participations do not bear interest.
                                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                               CHF thousands
Name of participation                                                                                                           2019                2018
Coca-Cola HBC Schweiz AG, Brüttisellen                                                                                           79                    –
CCB Management Services GmbH, Vienna                                                                                         14,185                4,693
Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V., Amsterdam                                                                                           149                  684
Coca-Cola HBC Italia S.r.l                                                                                                      381                    –
Coca-Cola HBC Business Services Organisation, Sofia                                                                              80                    –
Short-term receivables from direct and indirect participations                                                               14,874                5,377

2.2 Investments in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                               CHF thousands
Direct subsidiary                                                                     Share of capital   Share of votes         2019                2018
Coca-Cola HBC Holdings B.V., Amsterdam1                                                      100%              100%        8,264,856        8,501,197
Writedown of investment                                                                                                   (1,050,991)        (236,341)
Investments in subsidiaries                                                                  100%             100%         7,213,865        8,264,856
1. Coca-Cola HBC Holdings B.V., Amsterdam was incorporated on 26 June 2013.

In 2015 the Company adopted a practice of reducing the value of its investment in Coca-Cola HBC Holdings B.V. by an amount equal to the
dividend received from that subsidiary. The amount of the writedown in 2019 is equal to the dividend received in July 2019 from Coca-Cola HBC
Holdings B.V. of CHF 1,050,991 thousand.
The principal direct and indirect participations of the Company are disclosed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

2.3 Short-term liabilities to direct and indirect participations and accrued expenses
The short-term liabilities to the direct and indirect participations do not bear interest except for the liability to Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. which
is interest-bearing.
                                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                               CHF thousands
Name of participation                                                                                                           2019                2018
CCB Management Services GmbH, Vienna                                                                                          3,224                2,557
Coca-Cola Hellenic Business Service Organisation, Sofia                                                                          29                    –
Coca-Cola HBC Česko a Slovensko, Prague                                                                                           4                    –
Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V., Amsterdam                                                                                         1,792                   49
Coca-Cola HBC Schweiz AG, Brüttisellen                                                                                            –                    1
Coca-Cola HBC Northern Ireland Ltd., Lisburn                                                                                     13                    1
Coca-Cola HBC Services MEPE, Athens                                                                                              16                    –
Total short-term liabilities to direct and indirect participations                                                            5,078                2,608
                                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                               CHF thousands
Accrued expenses                                                                                                                2019                2018
Direct taxes                                                                                                                    263                  309
Management incentive plan and Performance Share Plan for own employees                                                       11,487               15,125
Employee-related costs (social security and insurance, payroll taxes)                                                         1,998                2,192
Provision for acquiring treasury shares to satisfy subsidiaries’ Performance Share Plan rights                                9,830               17,067
Other accrued expenses                                                                                                        4,116                5,297
Net unrealised gains from foreign currency translation                                                                       10,645                    –
Total accrued expenses                                                                                                       38,339               39,990
                                                                                                                                   INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019             213
                                                                                                                                                                                   SR

                                                                                                                                                                                   CG

                                                                                                                                                                                   FS

                                                                                                                                                                                   SSR

                                                                                                                                                                                   SI




Following the publication of circular letter 37a by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration in May 2018, the Company recognised a provision of CHF
7,665 thousand (2018: CHF 15,540 thousand) that relates to the Company’s employees' Performance Share Plan, of which CHF 4,994 thousand
(2018: CHF 12,815 thousand) is short-term and is disclosed in the line item Management incentive plan and Performance Share Plan for own
employees; while CHF 2,671 thousand (2018: CHF 2,725 thousand) is long-term and disclosed in Note 2.5, Provisions. The provision for acquiring
treasury shares to satisfy subsidiaries’ Performance Share Plan rights amounts to CHF 14,151 thousand (2018: CHF 22,648 thousand) of which
CHF 9,830 thousand (2018: CHF 17,067 thousand) is short-term and disclosed in accrued expenses while CHF 4,321 thousand (2018: CHF
5,581 thousand) is long-term and disclosed in Note 2.5, Provisions.

2.4 Long-term interest-bearing liabilities
                                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                   CHF thousands
                                                                                                                                                    2019                   2018
Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V., Amsterdam                                                                                                          216,277                9,832
Long-term interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                                         216,277                9,832
Long-term interest-bearing liabilities comprise loans from Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. received in 2019 and all maturing on 8 November 2024.

2.5 Provisions
                                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                   CHF thousands
                                                                                                                                                    2019                   2018
Long-term incentive Plan                                                                                                                            137                 178
Provision for acquiring treasury shares to satisfy subsidiaries’ Performance Share Plan rights (refer to Note 2.3)                                4,321               5,581
Performance Share Plan Coca-Cola HBC AG employees (refer to Note 2.3)                                                                             2,671               2,725
Provision for social security costs of Performance Share Plan                                                                                       200                 204
Provisions                                                                                                                                        7,329               8,688

2.6 Share capital
                                                                                                                     Number of shares       Nominal value                  Total
                                                                                                                                                     CHF       CHF thousands
Share capital as at 1 January 2018                                                                                   370,763,039                   6.70         2,484,112
Shares issued to employees exercising stock options                                                                    1,064,190                   6.70             7,130
Share capital as at 31 December 2018                                                                                 371,827,229                   6.70         2,491,242

                                                                                                                     Number of shares       Nominal value                  Total
                                                                                                                                                     CHF       CHF thousands
Share capital as at 1 January 2019                                                                                   371,827,229                   6.70         2,491,242
Cancellation of shares1                                                                                                (3,249,803)                 6.70            (21,773)
Shares issued to employees exercising stock options                                                                     1,352,731                  6.70              9,063
Share capital as at 31 December 2019                                                                                 369,930,157                   6.70         2,478,532
1. The Company reduced the share capital of Coca-Cola HBC AG by cancelling 3,249,803 registered shares which were held by Coca-Cola HBC AG in treasury and were acquired
   as part of the share buy-back programme. Refer to Note 2.7 ‘Treasury shares’.
214    COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




2. Information relating to the balance sheet and statement of income continued
2.7 Treasury shares
The number of treasury shares held by Coca-Cola HBC AG and its subsidiaries qualifying under article 659b of the Swiss Code of Obligations
and their movements are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                  Acquisition cost
Treasury shares (held by subsidiaries)                                                                                       Number of shares           per share                Total
                                                                                                                                                             CHF        CHF thousands
Total treasury shares at 31 December 2018                                                                                        3,430,135             24.8673               85,298

Total treasury shares at 31 December 2019                                                                                        3,430,135             24.8673               85,298

                                                                                                                                                  Acquisition cost
Treasury shares held by the Company                                                                                          Number of shares           per share                Total
                                                                                                                                                             CHF        CHF thousands
Treasury shares held by the Company at 31 December 2018                                                                          1,047,993             32.0637               (33,603)

Treasury shares held by the Company as at 1 January 2019                                                                         1,047,993             32.0637               (33,603)
Acquisition of shares1                                                                                                           6,466,932             34.2707             (221,626)
Vested PSP shares2                                                                                                              (1,037,024)            30.6413                31,776
Cancellation of shares3                                                                                                         (3,249,803)            33.6352              109,308
Treasury shares held by the Company at 31 December 2019                                                                         3,228,098              35.3599            (114,145)
1. On 11 June 2018, the Annual General Meeting adopted a proposal for share buy-back of up to 7,500,000 ordinary shares. The buy-back programme commenced on 3 December
   2018 and was completed on 29 May 2019. The Company purchased 7,500,000 (6,466,932 in 2019 and 1,033,068 in 2018) of its ordinary shares of 6.70 CHF each at an average price
   of GBP 2,578.06 pence per share (minimum price of GBP 2,344.93 pence and maximum price of GBP 2,852.41).
2. In March 2019, following the vesting of the 2015 and 2016 PSP plans,1,037,024 treasury shares were transferred to relevant participants.
3. The Company reduced the share capital of Coca-Cola HBC AG by cancelling 3,249,803 registered shares which were held by Coca-Cola HBC AG in treasury and were acquired
   as part of the share buy-back programme (see footnote 1). Due to the cancellation of shares, reserves from capital contributions reduced by CHF 87,534 thousand.


2.8 Equity
                                                                 Share capital            Legal capital reserves             Retained earnings    Treasury shares                Total
                                                                                     Reserves from
                                                                                             capital         Reserves for
                                                                                      contributions      treasury shares1
                                                                                                                     CHF thousands
Balance as at 1 January 2018                                    2,484,112            5,824,716                     85,298            126,232             (1,950)         8,518,408
Shares issued to employees
exercising stock options                                            7,130                10,739                         –                  –                  –               17,869
Dividends2                                                              –              (233,862)                        –                  –                  –            (233,862)
Own shares bought back                                                  –                     –                         –                  –            (31,653)             (31,653)
Loss for the year                                                       –                     –                         –            (60,140)                 –              (60,140)
Balance as at 31 December 2018                                  2,491,242            5,601,593                     85,298            66,092             (33,603)         8,210,622

Balance as at 1 January 2019                                    2,491,242            5,601,593                     85,298             66,092            (33,603)         8,210,622
Shares issued to employees
exercising stock options                                             9,063                15,162                        –                  –                 –                24,225
Dividends2                                                               –           (1,059,123)                        –                  –                 –           (1,059,123)
Own shares bought back                                                   –                     –                        –                  –          (221,626)            (221,626)
Vested PSP shares                                                        –                     –                        –                  –            31,776                31,776
Cancellation of shares                                             (21,773)              (87,535)                       –                  –           109,308                     –
Loss for the year                                                        –                     –                        –            (23,289)                –               (23,289)
Balance as at 31 December 2019                                  2,478,532            4,470,097                     85,298            42,803           (114,145)          6,962,585
1. Represents the book value of treasury shares held by subsidiaries.
2. On 18 June 2019 the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting approved the distribution of i) a gross dividend of €0.57 and ii) a special dividend of €2.00 on each
   ordinary registered share. The dividend was paid on 30 July 2019 and amounted to CHF 1,059,123 thousand.
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    215
                                                                                                                                                      SR

                                                                                                                                                      CG

                                                                                                                                                      FS

                                                                                                                                                      SSR

                                                                                                                                                      SI




2.9 Other operating income
                                                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                                                            CHF thousands
Management fees                                                                                                          22,493             17,687
Guarantee fee                                                                                                             2,801              2,725
Total other operating income                                                                                             25,294             20,412

Management fees relate to service income earned from services provided to the Company’s direct and indirect participations.
Guarantee fee is the income the Company receives for the services provided as guarantor to Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V.

2.10 Employee costs
                                                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                                                            CHF thousands
Wages and salaries                                                                                                       10,708             10,298
Social security costs                                                                                                     1,323              3,922
Pensions and employee benefits                                                                                           14,211             21,429
Total employee costs                                                                                                     26,242             35,649

Pension and employee benefits mainly include Performance Share Plan expenses for CCHBC AG employees of the amount of CHF 5,850
thousand (2018: CHF 15,540 thousand). Refer to Note 2.3 for more information.

2.11 Other operating expenses
Other operating expenses amounting to CHF 15,469 thousand for 2019 mainly comprise CHF12,476 thousand for management fees to CCB
Management Services GmbH.

3. Other information
3.1 Net release of hidden reserves
No hidden reserves were released for the years ended 31 December 2019 or 31 December 2018.

3.2 Number of employees
In 2019 and 2018 on an annual average basis, the number of full-time-equivalent employees did not exceed 50.

3.3 Operating lease liabilities (not terminable or expiring within 12 months of balance sheet date)
                                                                                             Residual term (years)           2019              2018
                                                                                                                            CHF thousands
Office rental, Turmstrasse 26, Steinhausen (Zug)                                                  1 to 5 years                 –             1,399
Total lease liabilities                                                                                                        –             1,399

Following management’s decision to disclose leasing contracts using the economic-view approach, the above disclosure is not applicable to 2019.

3.4 Contingent liabilities
Euro medium-term note programmes
In June 2013, the Group established a new €3.0bn Euro medium-term note programme (the ‘EMTN programme’). The EMTN programme
was updated in September 2014, September 2015 and then April 2019, when it was increased to €5.0bn. Notes are issued under the EMTN
programme through the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V., a private limited liability company established under
the laws of the Netherlands, and are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company.
In June 2013, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. issued €800m, 2.375%, Euro-denominated notes due 18 June 2020 under the EMTN programme,
which are guaranteed by the Company.
In March 2016, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. issued €600m, 1.875% Euro-denominated notes due in November 2024, which are guaranteed
by the Company.
In May 2019, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. issued €700m, 1%,Euro-denominated notes due in May 2027 and issued €600m, 1.625%,
Euro‑denominated notes due in May 2031. The net proceeds of the new issue were used to partially repay €236.6m of the 2.375%, seven-year
fixed rate bond due in June 2020. The new notes are guaranteed by the Company.
In November 2019, Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. completed the issue of a €500m Euro-denominated fixed rate bond maturing in November
2029 with a coupon rate of 0.625%, which is guaranteed by the Company.
As at 31 December 2019, a total of €3.0bn in notes issued under the EMTN programme were outstanding.
216    COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




3. Other information continued
Committed credit facilities
In April 2019, the Group updated its then-existing €500.0m syndicated revolving credit facility, which was set to expire in June 2021. The updated
syndicated revolving credit facility has been increased to €800.0m and has been extended to April 2024 with the option to be extended for up
to two more years until April 2026. This facility can be used for general corporate purposes and carries a floating interest rate over EURIBOR
and LIBOR. No amounts have been drawn under the syndicated loan facility since inception. The borrower in the syndicated loan facility is the
Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. and it is fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company.

Commercial paper programme
In October 2013 the Group established a new €1.0bn Euro commercial paper programme (the ‘CP Programme’). The CP Programme was
updated in September 2014 and then again in May 2017. Notes are issued under the CP Programme by Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. and
guaranteed by the Company. The outstanding amount under the CP Programme was €100m as at 31 December 2019 (2018: €95m).

Nigerian Bottling Company Ltd
In December 2019 the Group established a loan facility of US dollar 85m to finance the purchase of production equipment by the Group’s
subsidiary in Nigeria. The facility will be drawn down by Nigerian Bottling Company (‘NBC’) over the course of 2020 and 2021 and has a term
of eight years. The obligations under this facility are guaranteed by the Company.

Credit support provider
On 18 July 2013 the Company signed as credit support provider to Deutsche Bank AG, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Credit Suisse International,
Credit Suisse AG, ING Bank N.V., Societe Generale, Merrill Lynch International and to The Royal Bank of Scotland plc in favour of Coca-Cola HBC
Finance B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreements.1
On 24 July 2013 the Company signed as credit support provider to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, in favour of Coca-Cola
HBC Finance B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 8 August 2013 the Company signed as credit support provider to Citibank N.A. in favour of CCHBC Bulgaria AD for the obligations as defined
in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 8 August 2013 the Company signed as credit support provider to Citibank N.A. in favour of Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. for the obligations
as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 24 June 2014 the Company signed as credit support provider to Intesa Sanpaolo S.pA. in favour of Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. for the
obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 5 October 2015 the Company signed as credit support provider to Macquarie Bank International Limited in favour of Coca-Cola HBC Finance
B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 22 June 2016 the Company signed as credit support provider to UniCredit Bank AG in favour of Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. for the
obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 31 August 2016 the Company signed as credit support provider to BNP Paribas in favour of Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. for the obligations
as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 1 November 2017 the Company signed as credit support provider to Goldman Sachs Global International in favour of Coca-Cola HBC
Finance B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 22 December 2017 the Company signed as credit support provider to Citigroup Global Markets Limited in favour of Coca-Cola HBC Finance
B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 14 February 2018 the Company signed as credit support provider to Morgan Stanley & Co. International PLC in favour of Coca-Cola HBC
Finance B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 25 March 2019 the Company signed as credit support provider to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in favour of Coca-Cola HBC Finance
B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 1 July 2019 the Company signed as credit support provider to Credit Suisse Securities, Sociedad de Valores, S.A. in favour of Coca-Cola HBC
Finance B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 10 July 2019 the Company signed as credit support provider to Macquarie Bank Limited (London Branch) in favour of Coca-Cola HBC
Finance B.V. for the obligations as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
On 12 November 2019 the Company signed as credit support provider to UBS AG in favour of Coca-Cola HBC Finance B.V. for the obligations
as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement.1
1. The ISDA (International Swap Dealers Association) Master Agreement is a standardised form issued by the International Swap Dealers Association Inc. to be used for credit
   support transactions.
                                                                                                                                       INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019             217
                                                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                                                       SI




3.5 Significant shareholders
As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, there were two shareholders exceeding the threshold of 5% voting rights in the Company’s share capital.
                                                                                                                                                 Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                  issued share    outstanding share
                                                                                                                  Date    Number of shares             capital1             capital2
Total Kar-Tess Holding                                                                                  31.12.2018           85,355,019               23.0%                23.2%
Total Kar-Tess Holding                                                                                  31.12.2019           85,355,019               23.1%                23.5%
Total shareholdings related to The Coca-Cola Company                                                    31.12.2018           85,112,078               22.9%                23.2%
Total shareholdings related to The Coca-Cola Company                                                    31.12.2019           85,112,078               23.0%                23.4%
1. Basis: total issued share capital including treasury shares. Share basis 369,930,157 as at 31 December 2019 (2018: 371,827,229).
2. Basis: total issued share capital excluding treasury shares. Share basis 363,271,924 as at 31 December 2019 (2018: 367,349,101).


3.6 Shareholdings, conversion and option rights
The table below sets out a comparison of the interests in the Company’s total issued share capital that the members of the Board of Directors
(‘Directors’) and Operating Committee hold (all of which, unless otherwise stated, are beneficial interests or are interests of a person connected
with a Director or a member of the Operating Committee) and the interests in the Company’s share capital.
                                                                                31 December 2019                                             31 December 2018
                                                                                    Percentage of        Percentage of                           Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                   Number of         issued share         outstanding            Number of        issued share          outstanding
                                                                      shares              capital1       share capital2             shares              capital        share capital
Directors
Anastassis G. David3                                                    –                    –                    –                    –                  –                    –
Zoran Bogdanovic                                                  100,229                0.03%                0.03%               22,819              0.01%                0.01%
Ahmet C. Bozer4                                                         –                    –                    –                    –                  –                    –
Charlotte J. Boyle                                                  1,017                0.00%                0.00%                1,017              0.00%                0.00%
Olusola (Sola) David-Borha                                              –                    –                    –
William W. (Bill) Douglas III                                      10,000                0.00%                0.00%               10,000              0.00%                0.00%
Reto Francioni                                                          –                    –                    –                    –
Anastasios I. Leventis5                                                 –                    –                    –
Christo Leventis6                                                       –                    –                    –                     –                    –                    –
Alexandra Papalexopoulou                                                –                    –                    –                     –                    –                    –
José Octavio Reyes                                                      –                    –                    –                     –                    –                    –
Alfredo Rivera7                                                         –                    –                    –                     –                    –                    –
Ryan Rudolph                                                            –                    –                    –                     –
John P. Sechi                                                           –                    –                    –                     –                    –                    –
                                                                                31 December 2019                                             31 December 2018
                                                                                    Percentage of        Percentage of                           Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                   Number of         issued share         outstanding            Number of        issued share          outstanding
                                                                      shares              capital1       share capital2             shares              capital        share capital
Operating Committee
Minas Agelidis8                                                    30,911                0.01%                0.01%                    –                  –                    –
Mourad Ajarti9                                                          –                    –                    –                    –                  –                    –
Alain Brouhard10                                                   84,467                0.02%                0.02%               19,901              0.01%                0.01%
Jan Gustavsson                                                    135,877                0.04%                0.04%               59,544              0.02%                0.02%
Michael Imellos                                                    97,568                0.03%                0.03%               18,003              0.00%                0.00%
Nikolaos Kalaitzidakis                                             20,994                0.01%                0.01%                  940              0.00%                0.00%
Naya Kalogeraki                                                    22,195                0.01%                0.01%                3,906              0.00%                0.00%
Marcel Martin                                                      66,817                0.02%                0.02%               22,832              0.01%                0.01%
Sean O’Neill11                                                        127                0.00%                0.00%                    –                  –                    –
Sanda Parezanovic                                                  49,476                0.01%                0.01%                3,012              0.00%                0.00%
Keith Sanders12                                                    77,888                0.02%                0.02%               30,351              0.01%                0.01%
Sotiris Yannopoulos13                                              61,703                0.02%                0.02%               13,781              0.00%                0.00%

Footnotes are presented at the end of Note 3.6.
218    COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




3. Other information continued
The following table sets out information regarding the stock options and performance shares held by members of the Operating Committee
as at 31 December 2019:
                                                                              Stock options (‘ESOP’)                                        Performance shares (‘PSP’)
                                                                                                                                              Unvested and subject
                                                                 Number of                              Vesting at the                             to performance
                                                              stock options        Already vested         end of 2019         Granted in 2019           conditions               Vested
Zoran Bodganovic14                                               206,015               206,015                      –               97,671              206,056                62,860
Minas Agelidis8                                                        –                     –                      –               19,530               41,045                15,713
Mourad Ajarti9                                                         –                     –                      –                    –                    –                     –
Alain Brouhard10                                                 111,503               111,503                      –               26,639               67,632                60,418
Jan Gustavsson                                                   432,925               432,925                      –               30,166               76,247                67,743
Michael Imellos                                                  284,069               284,069                      –               33,537               84,731                74,761
Nikolaos Kalaitzidakis                                            11,680                11,680                      –               19,912               44,852                18,632
Naya Kalogeraki                                                   47,784                47,784                      –               23,492               61,102                24,151
Marcel Martin                                                    116,835               116,835                      –               25,923               65,593                56,451
Sean O’Neill11                                                         –                     –                      –               12,161               12,161                     –
Sanda Parezanovic                                                 51,497                51,497                      –               23,339               59,258                44,244
Keith Sanders12                                                  247,511               247,511                      –               29,330               74,205                66,064
Sotiris Yannopoulos13                                                  –                     –                      –                3,204                    –                57,673
1. Basis: total issued share capital including treasury shares. Share basis 369,930,157 as at 31 December 2019.
2. Basis: total issued share capital excluding treasury shares. Share basis 363,271,924 as at 31 December 2019.
3. Mr Anastassis David is a beneficiary of:
    (a) a private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Truad Verwaltungs AG is the
    Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to the 85,355,019 shares held by Kar-Tess Holding S.A.
    (b) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Sentry Management
    (PTC) Ltd. is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 823,008 shares held by Sentry Management (PTC) Ltd.
4. Mr Ahmet C. Bozer retired from the Board of Directors on 18 June 2019.
5. Mr Anastasios I. Leventis is a beneficiary of:
    (a) a private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Truad Verwaltungs AG is the
    Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to the 85,355,019 shares held by Kar-Tess Holding S.A.
    (b) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Selene Treuhand AG
    is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 286,879 shares held by Selene Treuhand AG.
    (c) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Christodoulos Papaneokleus Leventis, of which Mervail
    Company (PTC) Limited is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 757,307 shares held by Carlcan Holding Limited.
6. Mr Christo Leventis is a beneficiary of:
    (a) a private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Truad Verwaltungs AG is the
    Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to the 85,355,019 shares held by Kar-Tess Holding S.A.
    (b) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Anastasios George Leventis, of which Selene Treuhand AG
    is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 458,545 shares held by Selene Treuhand AG.
    (c) a further private discretionary trust for the primary benefit of present and future members of the family of the late Christodoulos Papaneokleus Leventis, of which Mervail
    Company (PTC) Limited is the Trustee, whereby he has an indirect interest with respect to 623,664 shares held by Carlcan Holding Limited.
7. Mr Alfredo Rivera was appointed to the Board of Directors on 18 June 2019.
8. Mr Minas Agelidis joined the Operating Committee on 1 April 2019.
9. Mr Mourad Ajarti joined the Group and the Operating Committee on 8 October 2019.
10. Mr Alain Brouhard stepped down from the Operating Committee on 31 October 2019.
11. Mr Sean O’ Neill joined the Group and the Operating Committee on 7 January 2019.
12. Mr Keith Sanders stepped down from the Operating Committee on 31 March 2019 and left the Company on 30 September 2019.
13. Mr Sotiris Yannopoulos stepped down from the Operating Committee on 31 March 2019 and left the Company on 30 September 2019.
14. The Remuneration Committee determined at its meeting in March 2020 that, in line with the terms of the PSP, PSP awards granted to Zoran Bogdanovic in 2017 vested over
    in aggregate 21,376 shares (including the dividend equivalent shares paid on PSP shares that vested in 2020).


3.7 Fees paid to the auditor
The audit and other fees paid to the auditor are disclosed in Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    219
                                                                                                                                                       SR

                                                                                                                                                       CG

                                                                                                                                                       FS

                                                                                                                                                       SSR

                                                                                                                                                       SI




3.8 Conditional capital
On 25 April 2013, the shareholders’ meeting agreed to the creation of conditional capital in the maximum amount of CHF 245,601 thousand,
through issuance of a maximum of 36,657 thousand fully paid-in registered shares with a par value of CHF 6.70 each upon exercise of options
issued to members of the Board of Directors, members of the management, employees or advisers of the Company, its subsidiaries and other
affiliated companies. The share capital of CHF 2,478,532 thousand as disclosed in the balance sheet differs from the share capital in the commercial
register of CHF 2,469,469 thousand as per 31 December 2019 due to the exercise of management options in the course of full year 2019.
                                                                                                                       Book value per      Total CHF
Conditional capital                                                                                Number of shares       share CHF       thousands
Agreed conditional capital as per shareholders’ meeting on 25 April 2013                             36,656,843                6.70       245,601
Shares issued to employees exercising stock options until 31 December 2016                            (3,149,493)              6.70        (21,102)
Shares issued to employees exercising stock options in 2017                                           (4,122,401)              6.70        (27,620)
Shares issued to employees exercising stock options in 2018                                           (1,064,190)              6.70          (7,130)
Remaining conditional capital as at 31 December 2018                                                 28,320,759                6.70       189,749
Shares issued to employees exercising stock options in 2019                                           (1,352,731)              6.70          (9,063)
Remaining conditional capital as at 31 December 2019                                                 26,968,028                6.70       180,686
220    COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




Proposed appropriation of available earnings and reserves / declaration of dividend
1. Proposed appropriation of available earnings
Available earnings and reserves                                                                                                     CHF thousands
Balance brought forward from previous years                                                                                              66,092
Net loss for the year                                                                                                                   (23,289)
Total available retained earnings to be carried forward                                                                                 42,803

Reserves from capital contributions before distribution                                                                              4,470,097
Total available retained earnings and reserves                                                                                       4,512,899

2. Proposed declaration of dividend from reserves
The Board of Directors proposes to declare a gross dividend of EUR 0.62 on each ordinary registered share with a par value of CHF 6.70 from
the general capital contribution reserve. Own shares held directly by the Company are not entitled to dividends. The total aggregate amount
of the dividends shall be capped at an amount of CHF 300,000 thousand (the ‘Cap’), and thus will reduce the general capital contribution reserve
of CHF 4,470,097 thousand, as shown in the financial statements as of 31 December 2019, by a maximum of CHF 300,000 thousand. To the
extent that the dividend calculated on EUR 0.62 per share would exceed the Cap on the day of the Annual General Meeting, due to the exchange
rate determined by the Board of Directors in its reasonable opinion, the Euro per share amount of the dividend shall be reduced on a pro-rata
basis so that the aggregate amount of all dividends paid does not exceed the Cap. Payment of the dividend shall be made at such time and with
such record date as shall be determined by the Annual General Meeting and the Board of Directors.

3. Proposed appropriation of reserves / declaration of dividend
Variant 1: Dividend of EUR 0.62 at current exchange rate
As of 31 December 2019                                                                                                              CHF thousands
Reserves from capital contributions before distribution                                                                              4,470,097
Proposed dividend of EUR 0.621                                                                                                         (247,817)
Reserves from capital contributions after distribution                                                                               4,222,280

Variant 2: Dividend if Cap is triggered
As of 31 December 2019                                                                                                              CHF thousands
Reserves from capital contributions before distribution                                                                              4,470,097
(Maximum) dividend if cap is triggered2                                                                                                (300,000)
(Minimum) Reserves from capital contributions after distribution                                                                     4,170,097
1. Illustrative at an exchange ratio of CHF 1.09 per EUR. Assumes that the shares entitled to a dividend amount to 366,702,059.
2. Dividend is capped at a total aggregate amount of CHF 300,000 thousand.
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019   221
                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                     CG

                                                                                                                                                     FS

                                                                                                                                                     SSR

                                                                                                                                                     SI




Report of the statutory auditor
to the General Meeting of
Coca-Cola HBC AG
Steinhausen / Zug


Report of the statutory auditor to the General Meeting
on the remuneration report 2019
We have audited the remuneration report of Coca-Cola HBC AG for the year ended 31 December 2019. The audit was limited to the information
according to the articles 14-16 of the Ordinance against Excessive Compensation in Stock Exchange Listed Companies (Ordinance) on pages
222 to 225 of the remuneration report.

Board of Directors’ responsibility
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and overall fair presentation of the remuneration report in accordance with Swiss law
and the Ordinance against Excessive Compensation in Stock Exchange Listed Companies (Ordinance). The Board of Directors is also
responsible for designing the remuneration system and defining individual remuneration packages.

Auditor’s responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the accompanying remuneration report. We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss Auditing
Standards. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the remuneration report complies with Swiss law and articles 14–16 of the Ordinance.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence on the disclosures made in the remuneration report with regard to compensation,
loans and credits in accordance with articles 14–16 of the Ordinance. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatements in the remuneration report, whether due to fraud or error. This audit also includes evaluating
the reasonableness of the methods applied to value components of remuneration, as well as assessing the overall presentation of the
remuneration report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Opinion
In our opinion, the remuneration report of Coca-Cola HBC AG for the year ended 31 December 2019 complies with Swiss law and articles 14–16
of the Ordinance.
PricewaterhouseCoopers SA




Michael Foley                                     Laura Bucur
Audit Expert                                      Audit Expert
Auditor In Charge
Lausanne, 19 March 2020
222   COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued


Statutory Remuneration Report

Additional disclosures regarding the Statutory Remuneration Report
The section below is in line with the Ordinance against Excessive Compensation in Listed Stock Companies, which requires disclosure of the
elements of compensation paid to the Company’s Board of Directors and the Operating Committee. The numbers relate to the calendar years
of 2019 and 2018. In the information presented below, the exchange rate used for conversion of 2019 remuneration data from Euro to CHF
is 1/1.1138 and the exchange rate used for conversion of 2018 remuneration data from Euro to CHF is 1/1.1546.
As the Company is headquartered in Switzerland, it is required for statutory purposes to present compensation data for two consecutive years,
2019 and 2018. The applicable methodology used to calculate the value of stock option and performance shares follows Swiss standards.
In 2019 and 2018, the fair value of performance shares from the 2019 and 2018 grants is calculated based on the performance share awards
that are expected to vest. Below is the relevant information for Swiss statutory purposes.

Remuneration for acting members of governing bodies
The Company’s Directors believe that the level of remuneration offered to Directors and the members of the Operating Committee should
reflect their experience and responsibility as determined by, among other factors, a comparison with similar multinational companies and should
be sufficient to attract and retain high-calibre Directors who will lead the Group successfully. In line with the Group ‘s commitment to maximise
shareholder value, its policy is to link a significant proportion of remuneration for its Operating Committee to the performance of the business
through short- and long-term incentives. Therefore, the Operating Committee members’ financial interests are closely aligned with those
of the Company’s shareholders through the equity-related long-term compensation plan.
The total remuneration of the Directors and members of the Operating Committee of the Company, including performance share grants,
during 2019 amounted to CHF 22.1m. Out of this, the amount relating to the expected value of performance share awards granted in relation
to 2019 was CHF 4.4m. Pension and post-employment benefits for Directors and the Operating Committee of the Company during 2019
amounted to CHF 1.0m.
                                                                                                                                      INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019               223
                                                                                                                                                                                        SR

                                                                                                                                                                                        CG

                                                                                                                                                                                        FS

                                                                                                                                                                                        SSR

                                                                                                                                                                                        SI




Remuneration of the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                 2019 CHF
                                                                                       Cash and                Cash           Pension and    Total fair value of
                                                                                       non-cash         performance     post-employment       stock options at              Total
                                                                       Fees            benefits1          incentives             benefits    the date granted        remuneration
Anastassis G. David                                               81,864                       –                   –                   –                      –         81,864
Ahmet C. Bozer2                                                   40,932                       –                   –                   –                      –         40,932
Charlotte J. Boyle                                                94,784                       –                   –                   –                      –         94,784
Olusola (Sola) David-Borha3                                       98,014                       –                   –                   –                      –         98,014
William W. (Bill) Douglas III                                    114,053                       –                   –                   –                      –        114,053
Reto Francioni4                                                  118,842                       –                   –                   –                      –        118,842
Anastasios I. Leventis                                            94,784                       –                   –                   –                      –         94,784
Christo Leventis                                                  81,864                       –                   –                   –                      –         81,864
Alexandra Papalexopoulou                                         107,704                       –                   –                   –                      –        107,704
José Octavio Reyes5                                               88,324                       –                   –                   –                      –         88,324
Alfredo Rivera6                                                   40,932                       –                   –                   –                      –         40,932
Ryan Rudolph7                                                     81,864                       –                   –                   –                      –         81,864
John P. Sechi                                                     98,014                       –                   –                   –                      –         98,014
Zoran Bogdanovic8                                                      –                       –                   –                   –                      –              –
Total Board of Directors                                       1,141,975                       –                   –                   –                      –      1,141,975
1. Allowances consist of cost of living allowance, housing support, Employee Share Purchase Plan, private medical insurance, relocation expenses, home trip allowance, lump sum
   expenses and similar allowances.
2. Ahmet C. Bozer retired from the Board of Directors on 18 June 2019. The Group has applied a half-year period base fee of CHF 40,932.
3. For Olusola (Sola) David-Borha, on top of her fees the Group paid CHF 7,798 in social security contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
4. For Reto Francioni, on top of his fees the Group paid CHF 9,455 in social security contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
5. For José Octavio Reyes, on top of his fees the Group paid CHF 4,901 in social security contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
6. Alfredo Rivera was appointed to the Board of Directors on 18 June 2019. The Group has applied a half-year period base fee of CHF 40,932.
7. For Ryan Rudolph, on top of his fees the Group paid CHF 6,513 in social security contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
8. Zoran Bogdanovic’s compensation was based on his role as CEO and member of the Operating Committee, and his employment agreement. Zoran Bogdanovic was not entitled
   to and did not receive additional compensation as a Director.

Non-Executive Directors do not participate in any of the Group’s incentive plans, nor do they receive any retirement benefits.
224    COCA-COLA HBC




Swiss statutory reporting continued




Remuneration of the Board of Directors
                                                                                                                  2018 CHF
                                                                                        Cash and                 Cash          Pension and     Total fair value of
                                                                                        non-cash         performance     post-employment        stock options at             Total
                                                                       Fees              benefits1          incentives            benefits     the date granted       remuneration
Anastassis G. David                                               84,863                        –                   –                   –                       –       84,863
Ahmet C. Bozer                                                    84,863                        –                   –                   –                       –       84,863
Charlotte J. Boyle                                                98,256                        –                   –                   –                       –       98,256
Olusola (Sola) David-Borha2                                      101,605                        –                   –                   –                       –      101,605
William W. (Bill) Douglas III                                    118,231                        –                   –                   –                       –      118,231
Reto Francioni3                                                  123,196                        –                   –                   –                       –      123,196
Anastasios I. Leventis                                            98,256                        –                   –                   –                       –       98,256
Christo Leventis                                                  84,863                        –                   –                   –                       –       84,863
Alexandra Papalexopoulou                                         111,650                        –                   –                   –                       –      111,650
José Octavio Reyes4                                               91,560                        –                   –                   –                       –       91,560
Ryan Rudolph5                                                     84,863                        –                   –                   –                       –       84,863
John P. Sechi                                                    101,605                        –                   –                   –                       –      101,605
Zoran Bogdanovic6                                                      –                        –                   –                   –                       –            –
Total Board of Directors                                       1,183,811                        –                   –                   –                       –    1,183,811
1. Allowances consist of cost of living allowance, housing support, Employee Share Purchase Plan, private medical insurance, relocation expenses, home trip allowance, lump sum
   expenses and similar allowances.
2. For Olusola (Sola) David-Borha, on top of her fees the Group paid CHF 8,083 in social security contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
3. For Reto Francioni, on top of his fees the Group paid CHF 9,801 in social security contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
4. For José Octavio Reyes, on top of his fees the Group paid CHF 5,119 in social security contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
5. For Ryan Rudolph, on top of his fees the Group paid CHF 6,752 in social security contributions as required by Swiss legislation.
6. Zoran Bogdanovic’s compensation was based on his role as CEO and member of the Operating Committee, and his employment agreement. Zoran Bogdanovic was not entitled
   to and did not receive additional compensation as a Director.

Non-Executive Directors do not participate in any of the Group’s incentive plans, nor do they receive any retirement benefits.
                                                                                                                                           INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019             225
                                                                                                                                                                                           SR

                                                                                                                                                                                           CG

                                                                                                                                                                                           FS

                                                                                                                                                                                           SSR

                                                                                                                                                                                           SI




Remuneration of the Operating Committee
The total remuneration paid to or accrued for the Operating Committee for 2019 amounted to CHF 20.9m.
                                                                                                                     2019 CHF
                                                                                              Cash                 Cash           Pension and    Total fair value of
                                                                                      and non-cash         performance      post-employment performance shares                     Total
                                                                   Base salary            benefits1          incentives2            benefits3 at the date granted4          remuneration
Zoran Bogdanovic, Chief Executive Officer                         865,051              534,675              517,917               141,715              1,378,328            3,437,686
Other members5                                                  5,041,738            6,315,793            2,163,334               872,247              3,052,625           17,445,737
Total Operating Committee                                       5,906,789            6,850,468            2,681,251             1,013,962              4,430,953           20,883,423
1. Cash and non-cash benefits consist of cost of living allowance, housing support, schooling, Employee Share Purchase Plan, private medical insurance, relocation expenses, home trip
   allowance, employer social security contributions, lump sum expenses and similar allowances.
2. The cash performance incentives represent the monetary value that was paid under the Management Incentive Plan in 2019 reflecting the 2018 business performance.
3. Members of the Operating Committee participate in the pension plan of their employing entity, as appropriate.
4. Values under long-term incentives represent the fair value of performance shares that are expected to vest for the 2019 grant in order to comply with Swiss reporting guidelines.
5. Minas Agelidis was appointed to the role of Region Director on 1 April 2019. Sotiris Yannopoulos and Keith Sanders stepped down from their roles as Region Directors on 1 April 2019.
   Their employment ceased on 30 September 2019. Mourad Ajarti was appointed to the role of Group Business Solutions and Systems Director on 8 October 2019. Alain Brouhard
   stepped down from his role as Group Business Solutions and Systems Director on 1 November 2019. His employment will cease on 30 June 2020.

The total remuneration paid to or accrued for the Operating Committee for 2018 amounted to CHF 16.4m.
                                                                                                                     2019 CHF
                                                                                              Cash                 Cash            Pension and       Total fair value of
                                                                                      and non-cash          performance      post-employment     performance shares                Total
                                                                    Base salary            benefits1          incentives2            benefits3   at the date granted4       remuneration
Zoran Bogdanovic, Chief Executive Officer                         865,950              521,628              368,513                143,691             1,085,901            2,985,682
Other members5                                                  4,242,424            3,641,729            2,640,246                737,429             2,179,889           13,441,717
Total Operating Committee                                       5,108,374            4,163,357            3,008,758                881,120             3,265,790           16,427,399
1. Cash and non-cash benefits consist of cost of living allowance, housing support, schooling, Employee Share Purchase Plan, private medical insurance, relocation expenses, home trip
   allowance, employer social security contributions, lump sum expenses and similar allowances.
2. The cash performance incentives represent the monetary value that was paid under the Management Incentive Plan in 2018 reflecting the 2017 business performance.
3. Members of the Operating Committee participate in the pension plan of their employing entity, as appropriate.
4. Values under long-term incentives represent the fair value of performance shares that are expected to vest for the 2018 grant in order to comply with Swiss reporting guidelines.
5. Nikolaos Kalaitzidakis was appointed to the role of Region Director on 1 May 2018.


Credits and loans granted to governing bodies
In 2019, there were no credits or loans granted to active or former members of the Company’s Board of Directors, members of the Operating
Committee or to any related persons. There are no outstanding credits or loans.
226    COCA-COLA HBC




Alternative performance measures


Definitions and reconciliations of
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
1. Comparable APMs1
In discussing the performance of the Group, ‘comparable’ measures are used, which are calculated by deducting from the directly reconcilable
IFRS measures the impact of the Group’s restructuring costs, the mark-to-market valuation of the commodity hedging activity, acquisition
costs and certain other tax items, which are collectively considered as items impacting comparability, due to their nature. More specifically
the following items are considered as items that impact comparability:

1. Restructuring costs
Restructuring costs comprise costs arising from significant changes in the way the Group conducts business, such as significant supply chain
infrastructure changes, outsourcing of activities and centralisation of processes. These costs are included within the income statement line
‘Operating expenses’. However, they are excluded from the comparable results in order for the user to obtain a better understanding of the
Group’s operating and financial performance achieved from underlying activity.

2. Commodity hedging
The Group has entered into certain commodity derivative transactions in order to hedge its exposure to commodity price risk. Although these
transactions are economic hedging activities that aim to manage our exposure to sugar, aluminium, gas oil and PET price volatility, hedge
accounting has not been applied in all cases. In addition, the Group recognises certain derivatives embedded within commodity purchase contracts
that have been accounted for as stand-alone derivatives and do not qualify for hedge accounting. The fair value gains and losses on the derivatives
and embedded derivatives are immediately recognised in the income statement in the cost of goods sold and operating expenses line items.
The Group’s comparable results exclude the gains or losses resulting from the mark-to-market valuation of these derivatives to which hedge
accounting has not been applied (primarily PET) and embedded derivatives. These gains or losses are reflected in the comparable results in the
year when the underlying transactions occur, to match the profit or loss to that of the corresponding underlying transactions. We believe this
adjustment provides useful information related to the impact of our economic risk management activities.

3. Acquisition costs
Acquisition costs comprise costs incurred to effect a business combination such as finder’s fees, advisory, legal, accounting, valuation and other
professional or consulting fees. These costs are included within the income statement line ‘Operating expenses’. However, to the extent that
they relate to business combinations that have completed or are expected to be completed, they are excluded from the comparable results
in order for the user to obtain a better understanding of the Group’s operating and financial performance achieved from underlying activity.

4. Other tax items
Other tax items represent the tax impact of changes in income tax rates affecting the opening balance of deferred tax arising during the year,
included in the ‘Tax’ line item of the income statement. These are excluded from comparable after-tax results in order for the user to obtain
a better understanding of the Group’s underlying financial performance.
1. Comparable APMs refer to comparable cost of goods sold, comparable gross profit, comparable operating expenses, comparable EBIT, comparable EBIT margin, comparable
   Adjusted EBITDA, comparable tax, comparable net profit and comparable EPS.

The Group discloses comparable performance measures to enable users to focus on the underlying performance of the business on a basis
which is common to both years for which these measures are presented.
The reconciliation of comparable measures to the directly related measures calculated in accordance with IFRS is as follows:
Reconciliation of comparable financial indicators (numbers in € million except per share data)
                                                                                                                     2019
                                                           Cost of                         Operating                           Adjusted
                                                        goods sold      Gross profit       expenses               EBIT          EBITDA                Tax     Net profit1   EPS (€)
As reported                                                (4,380)          2,646            (1,930)             715            1,111                (173)         487      1.340
Restructuring costs                                             –               –                38               38               37                  (9)          29      0.080
Commodity hedging                                               2               2                 –                2                2                   –            2      0.005
Acquisition costs                                               –               –                 3                3                3                   –            3      0.008
Other tax items                                                 –               –                 –                –                –                   1            1      0.003
Comparable                                                 (4,378)          2,648            (1,889)             759            1,153                (182)         522      1.436
                                                                                                                      2018
                                                            Cost of                         Operating                           Adjusted
                                                         goods sold      Gross profit       expenses              EBIT           EBITDA                Tax    Net profit1   EPS (€)
As reported                                                (4,142)           2,515           (1,876)             639              969                (163)         447      1.216
Restructuring costs                                             –                –               33               33               23                   (8)         25      0.068
Commodity hedging                                               8                8                1                8                8                   (2)          7      0.018
Other tax items                                                 –                –                –                –                –                    1           1      0.004
Comparable                                                 (4,134)           2,523           (1,843)             681            1,000                (171)         480      1.306
Figures are rounded.
1. Net profit and comparable net profit refer to net profit and comparable net profit respectively after tax attributable to owners of the parent.
                                                                                                               INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019      227
                                                                                                                                                        SR

                                                                                                                                                        CG

                                                                                                                                                        FS

                                                                                                                                                        SSR

                                                                                                                                                        SI




Reconciliation of comparable EBIT per reportable segment (numbers in € million)
                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                      Established      Developing        Emerging      Consolidated
EBIT                                                                                        236               139            340                715
Restructuring costs                                                                          20                 7             11                 38
Commodity hedging                                                                             –                 1              2                  2
Acquisition costs                                                                             –                 –              3                  3
Comparable EBIT                                                                             256               146            356                759
                                                                                                                2018
                                                                                       Established     Developing         Emerging     Consolidated
EBIT                                                                                        232               131            277                639
Restructuring costs                                                                           5                 4             24                 33
Commodity hedging                                                                             4                 2              2                  8
Comparable EBIT                                                                             241               137            303                681
Figures are rounded.


2. FX-neutral APMs
The Group also evaluates its operating and financial performance on an FX-neutral basis (i.e. without giving effect to the impact of variation of
foreign currency exchange rates from year to year). FX-neutral APMs are calculated by adjusting prior year amounts for the impact of exchange
rates applicable to the current year. FX-neutral measures enable users to focus on the performance of the business on a basis which is not
affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to the Group’s operating activities from year to year. The most common
FX-neutral measures used by the Group are:
1. FX-neutral net sales revenue and FX-neutral net sales revenue per unit case
   FX-neutral net sales revenue and FX-neutral net sales revenue per unit case are calculated by adjusting prior-year net sales revenue for the
   impact of changes in exchange rates applicable in the current year.
2. FX-neutral comparable input costs per unit case
   FX-neutral comparable input costs per unit case is calculated by adjusting prior-year commodity costs and more specifically, sugar, resin,
   aluminium and fuel commodity costs, excluding commodity hedging as described above; and other raw materials costs for the impact
   of changes in exchange rates applicable in the current year.
The calculations of the FX-neutral APMs and the reconciliation to the most directly related measures calculated in accordance with IFRS
are as follows:
Reconciliation of FX-neutral net sales revenue per unit case (numbers in € million unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                      Established      Developing        Emerging      Consolidated
Net sales revenue                                                                         2,518           1,352            3,156           7,026
Currency impact                                                                               –               –                –               –
FX‑neutral net sales revenue                                                              2,518           1,352            3,156           7,026
Volume (m unit cases)                                                                       624             431            1,209           2,265
FX-neutral net sales revenue per unit case (€)                                             4.03            3.14             2.61            3.10
                                                                                                                2018
                                                                                       Established     Developing         Emerging     Consolidated
Net sales revenue                                                                         2,470           1,307            2,880            6,657
Currency impact                                                                              16               (9)             67               75
FX‑neutral net sales revenue                                                              2,486           1,298            2,947            6,732
Volume (m unit cases)                                                                       619             429            1,144            2,192
FX‑neutral net sales revenue per unit case (€)                                             4.01            3.03             2.58             3.07
Figures are rounded.
228    COCA-COLA HBC




Alternative performance measures continued




2. FX-neutral APMs continued
Reconciliation of FX-neutral input costs per unit case (numbers in € million unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                             2019                2018
Input costs                                                                                                                1,824               1,727
Commodity hedging                                                                                                              (2)                 (8)
Comparable input costs                                                                                                     1,822               1,718
Currency impact                                                                                                                 –                 34
FX-neutral comparable input costs                                                                                          1,822               1,753
Volume (m unit cases)                                                                                                      2,265               2,192
FX-neutral comparable input costs per unit case (€)                                                                         0.80                0.80
Figures are rounded.


3. Other APMs
Adjusted EBITDA and comparable Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back to operating profit the depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment, the
amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, the employee share option and performance share costs and items, if any, reported in line
‘Other non-cash items’ of the consolidated cash flow statement. Adjusted EBITDA is intended to provide useful information to analyse the
Group’s operating performance excluding the impact of operating non-cash items as defined above. The Group also uses comparable Adjusted
EBITDA, which is calculated by deducting from Adjusted EBITDA the impact of the Group’s restructuring costs, acquisition costs and the
mark-to-market valuation of the commodity hedging activity. Comparable Adjusted EBITDA is intended to measure the level of financial
leverage of the Group by comparing comparable Adjusted EBITDA to Net debt.
Adjusted EBITDA and comparable Adjusted EBITDA are not measures of profitability and liquidity under IFRS and have limitations, some of which
are as follows: Adjusted EBITDA and comparable Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital
expenditures or contractual commitments; Adjusted EBITDA and comparable Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements
for, our working capital needs; although depreciation and amortisation are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortised will
often have to be replaced in the future and Adjusted EBITDA and comparable Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such
replacements. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA and comparable Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as measures of
discretionary cash available to us and should be used only as supplementary APMs.
As a result of the adoption of IFRS 16, Adjusted EBITDA and comparable Adjusted EBITDA have increased by approximately 5% as in 2019
the lease expense of operating leases (under IAS 17) is replaced with depreciation and interest.

Free cash flow
Free cash flow is an APM used by the Group and defined as cash generated by operating activities after payments for purchases of property,
plant and equipment net of proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and including principal repayments of lease obligations.
Free cash flow is intended to measure the cash generation from the Group’s business, based on operating activities, including the efficient use
of working capital and taking into account its net payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment.
The Group considers the purchase and disposal of property, plant and equipment as ultimately non-discretionary since ongoing investment
in plant, machinery, technology and marketing equipment, including coolers, is required to support the day-to-day operations and the Group’s
growth prospects. The Group presents free cash flow because it believes the measure assists users of the financial statements in understanding
the Group’s cash-generating performance as well as availability for interest payment, dividend distribution and own retention. The free cash flow
measure is used by management for its own planning and reporting purposes since it provides information on operating cash flows, working
capital changes and net capital expenditure that local managers are most directly able to influence.
Free cash flow is not a measure of cash generation under IFRS and has limitations, some of which are as follows: free cash flow does not
represent the Group’s residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures since the Group has debt payment obligations that are not
deducted from the measure; free cash flow does not deduct cash flows used by the Group in other investing and financing activities; and free
cash flow does not deduct certain items settled in cash. Other companies in the industry in which the Group operates may calculate free cash
flow differently, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.

Capital expenditure
The Group uses capital expenditure as an APM to ensure that the cash spending is in line with its overall strategy for the use of cash. Capital
expenditure is defined as payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment plus principal repayments of lease obligations less proceeds
from sale of property, plant and equipment.
The adoption of IFRS 16 did not have a significant impact on free cash flow, as the increased capital expentiture was offset by the increase
in Adjusted EBITDA.
                                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019        229
                                                                                                                                                         SR

                                                                                                                                                         CG

                                                                                                                                                         FS

                                                                                                                                                         SSR

                                                                                                                                                         SI




The following table illustrates how Adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and capital expenditure are calculated:
                                                                                                                            2019                2018
                                                                                                                         € million           € million
Operating profit (EBIT)                                                                                                     715                 639
Depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                                385                 319
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                              1                   1
Employee performance shares                                                                                                  10                   10
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                           1,111                 969
Gain on disposals of non‑current assets                                                                                       (6)                (10)
Cash generated / (consumed) from working capital movements                                                                   33                  (46)
Tax paid                                                                                                                   (212)               (116)
Net cash from operating activities                                                                                          926                 797

Payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                                    (473)               (437)
Principal repayments of lease obligations                                                                                   (46)                  (8)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                          35                  18
Capital expenditure                                                                                                        (484)               (427)

Net cash from operating activities                                                                                          926                 797
Capital expenditure                                                                                                        (484)               (427)
Free cash flow                                                                                                              443                 370
Figures are rounded.


Net debt
Net debt is an APM used by management to evaluate the Group’s capital structure and leverage. Net debt is defined as current borrowings
plus non-current borrowings less cash and cash equivalents and financial assets (time deposits, treasury bills and money market funds),
as illustrated below:
                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                            2019                2018
                                                                                                                         € million           € million
Current borrowings                                                                                                          762                136
Non‑current borrowings                                                                                                    2,563              1,468
Other financial assets                                                                                                     (729)              (279)
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  (823)              (712)
Net debt                                                                                                                  1,773                613
Figures are rounded.
230   COCA-COLA HBC




Assurance statement


Independent assurance statement for the 2019 Integrated Annual Report

To the management and stakeholders of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company AG:
denkstatt GmbH was commissioned by Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company AG (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) to provide
independent third-party assurance, in accordance with the AA1000 Assurance Standard (AA1000AS 2008 with the 2018 Addendum), for the
printed and downloadable pdf versions of the Company’s 2019 Integrated Annual Report (hereinafter referred to as “the Report”). We have
reviewed sustainability-related data and content in the Report. Financial data were not reviewed as part of this process. The assurance
engagement covered the nature and extent of the Company’s application of the principles of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness and impact,
as described in the AA1000 Series of Standards (AA1000 AP 2018). The application level of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards
(comprehensive option) was verified.
denkstatt is an independent professional services company. Our team of experts has extensive professional experience of assurance
engagements related to non-financial information and sustainability management, meaning it is qualified to conduct this independent assurance
engagement. denkstatt has implemented a certified quality and environmental management system which complies with the requirements
of ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015, and accordingly maintains a comprehensive quality control system.

Management responsibilities
The Company’s management is responsible for preparing the Report, statements within it and related online content. The Management is also
responsible for identifying stakeholders and material issues, defining commitments with respect to sustainability performance, and establishing
and maintaining appropriate performance management and internal control systems from which reported information is derived.
Additionally, the Company’s management is responsible for establishing data collection and internal control systems to ensure reliable reporting;
for specifying acceptable reporting criteria; and for selecting data to be collected for the purposes of the Report. Management responsibilities
also extend to preparing the Report in accordance with the GRI Standards.

Assurance provider’s responsibilities
Our responsibilities are to:
• express our conclusions and make recommendations regarding the nature and extent of the Company’s adherence to the AA1000
  Accountability Principles Standard (APS 2018), and
• express our conclusions on the reliability of the information in the Report, and whether it is in accordance with the criteria in the GRI Standards.
During 2019 we did not perform any tasks or services for the Company or other clients which would lead to a conflict of interest. We were not
responsible for the preparation of any part of the Report.

Scope of assurance, standards and criteria used
We have fulfilled our responsibilities to provide appropriate assurance that the information in the Report is free of material misstatements.
We planned and carried out our work based on the GRI Standards and the AA1000 Series of Standards. We used the criteria in AA1000AS
(2008 with 2018 Addendum) to perform a Type 2 engagement and to provide high assurance regarding the nature and extent of the Company’s
adherence to the principles of impact, inclusivity, materiality and responsiveness.

Methodology, approach, limitations and scope of work
We planned and carried out our work in order to obtain all the evidence, information and explanations that we considered necessary to fulfil our
responsibilities. Our work included the following procedures, comprising a range of evidence-gathering activities:
• Gathering information regarding the Company’s adherence to the principles of impact, inclusivity, materiality, sustainability context,
  completeness and responsiveness as required by GRI and AA1000, and conducting interviews with members of the Executive Management,
  staff from the Sustainability Department, the Human Resources Department, the Procurement Department, the Finance Department, the
  Legal Affairs Department, the Marketing Department, the Product Quality and Safety Department and the Public Affairs and Communication
  Department, as well as various Group-level functional managers. This included verifying the commitment to these principles of the Company’s
  management, the presence of systems and procedures to support adherence to these principles, and the embedding of the principles at
  market level.
  The key topics of the interviews conducted at Group level were the materiality process, health and nutrition, employee wellbeing and
  engagement, vehicle fleets, corporate governance, business ethics and anti-corruption, energy and climate, water stewardship, World
  Without Waste, sourcing, licence to operate, human rights and diversity.
• Conducting further interviews at national headquarters in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Greece, Italy, Nigeria, Northern Ireland, Serbia and Ukraine
  in order to guarantee the completeness of the information required for the engagement.
• Site visits to nine bottling plants, the majority of which were located in emerging markets: Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina), Schimatari
  (Greece), Oricola (Italy), Asejire, Benin and Port Harcourt (Nigeria), Knockmore Hill (Northern Ireland), Belgrade (Serbia), Kiev (Ukraine).
                                                                                                                INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019     231
                                                                                                                                                        SR

                                                                                                                                                        CG

                                                                                                                                                        FS

                                                                                                                                                        SSR

                                                                                                                                                        SI




• Making enquiries and conducting spot checks to assess implementation of the Company’s policies (at plant, market and Group level).
• Making enquiries and conducting spot checks regarding necessary documentation for assessing the current data collection systems, and the
  procedures in place to ensure reliable and consistent reporting from the plants to Group level.
• Verifying all three inventory scopes (scopes 1, 2 and 3) as defined by the GHG Protocol, including progress against emission reduction targets,
  reported changes in emissions compared with base years (2010 and 2017) and emissions intensity figures for 2019.
• Verifying the GRI content index, which was published separately to the Report, to ensure consistency with the requirements of the GRI
  Standards (comprehensive option).
• Conducting additional interviews with four representatives of the following external stakeholder groups: investors, water stewardship
  implementation partners and non-governmental organisations. The interviews were conducted during the Joint Annual Stakeholder Forum
  of the Company and The Coca-Cola Company in Athens in autumn 2019.
The scope of the assurance covered all of the information relevant to sustainability in the Report and focused on Company systems and
activities during the reporting period. The following chapters were not covered in the sustainability assurance process:
• Financial Statements and Swiss Statutory Reporting.

Conclusions
On the basis of our work, we found nothing to suggest that the information in the 2019 Integrated Annual Report is inaccurate or contains
material misstatements. Any errors or misstatements identified during the engagement were corrected prior to the Report being published.

Positive developments
• A sustainability culture has been deeply embedded in the Company. This is evident in well-structured, easily accessible guidelines, which ensure
  proper dissemination of Company-wide standards (e.g. the Code of Business Conduct or Inclusion and Diversity Policy). It can also be seen
  in the organisational structure and all its functions, with clear responsibilities for sustainability topics, from factory-level to top management.
• The Company demonstrates a very strong commitment to its goals. Most operations have a strong track record of highly sophisticated
  collection and documentation of sustainability data. Traceability of data has significantly improved over recent years, due to well-structured
  monitoring and reporting processes at plant, market and Group level.
• Great efforts have been made to upscale ESG assessments in the critical supplier base through EcoVadis, a third-party CSR assessment
  platform for managing supply chain sustainability performance. The organisation motivates its strategic suppliers to join this platform and
  encourages suppliers to improve their own sustainability management.
• The Company fully understands the links between business risks and sustainability issues. An excellent risk management system has been
  developed over recent years. Procedures for identifying and mitigating risks cover sustainability-related risks comprehensively.
• The Company understands the social context in which it operates and runs projects that meet the needs of local communities. Through
  meaningful projects and targeted support, a positive impact is realised (e.g. educational programmes for young people covering soft and/or
  business skills, context-based water targets).

Findings and conclusions regarding adherence to the AA1000 principles of inclusivity, materiality,
responsiveness, impact, and specific performance-related information.
Inclusivity
• Group level: The Company has implemented a comprehensive and efficient stakeholder engagement process at Group level. Its cornerstones
  are the annual internal and external materiality survey and the Annual Stakeholder Forum (held in Athens in 2019).
• Market and plant level: Stakeholder engagement activities at market and plant level are being further developed. As a result of an increasing
  number of stakeholder forums and materiality surveys, the Company consistently includes the views of stakeholders across all levels and is
  well aware of stakeholders’ concerns.

Materiality
• Group level: An advanced process is in place for defining material topics for the Company. The materiality assessment process considers
  stakeholder expectations with regard to relevant topics. Moreover, the Company impact on society and the environment is considered in
  the materiality assessment, as required by GRI Standards. The material topics identified during the assessment provided the basis for the
  sustainability strategy and reporting.
• Market and plant level: As a growing number of markets have started to publish sustainability reports in combination with socio-economic
  impact studies, formalised processes for carrying out the materiality assessment have been more strongly implemented throughout the
  organisation. It should be ensured that all materiality assessments comply with the same basic rules (e.g. by using harmonised assessment
  criteria for the materiality assessment), so that they follow a consistent approach.
232   COCA-COLA HBC




Assurance statement continued




Responsiveness
• Market level: There are sophisticated tools for stakeholder assessment in place, taking into account the influence and attitude of stakeholders.
  Detailed communication plans are available; they are based on stakeholder assessment and demonstrate how communication measures
  are tailored to stakeholder needs. By gauging the opinion of a wide range of stakeholders, new sustainability‑related topics can be addressed
  at an early stage.
• A strategic focus on Youth Empowered has been defined, which aims to reduce and prevent youth unemployment. The Company has
  implemented excellent projects in this focus area, tailored to the needs of young people and reflecting the respective local economic situation.

Impact
• Group level: The Company has embedded robust processes in place for understanding, assessing and managing its impacts, including risk
  management and strategy development.
• Market level: Sound socio-economic impact studies are conducted in individual markets, on a local cycle of max. three years, to measure
  the organisational impact on communities. Results from these studies are summarised at Group level to disclose the organisation’s impact
  on stakeholders, the society and on the Company itself.

Additional conclusions and recommendations
• The Company has developed a new vision, i.e. to be the new leading 24/7 beverage partner. We encourage the Company to continue its
  journey in embedding sustainability within the business strategy, in particularly related to new ingredients, new product categories and new
  sales channels.
• Strong commitments have been developed that provide a long-term perspective for the Company and cover a wide range of areas along
  the value chain, including environmental and social topics. In order to shape these sustainability commitments (“Mission 2025”) further, it is
  recommended that the Company pays special attention to refining definitions of indicators.
• The Company has made progress in efficiently monitoring and reporting data. In order to report robust data, further alignment of definitions
  is needed, in particular data related to people management, community engagement, and the environment.
• The Company has made progress in increasing the number of critical suppliers that undergo an ESG assessment through EcoVadis (strategic
  suppliers). In order to minimise risks related to critical suppliers, the Company should make ESG assessments mandatory for market operations.
• The Company has a strong commitment in the area of waste collection and recycling. We advise supporting, developing and establishing
  extended producer responsibility (EPR) schemes in countries where they are not present. Furthermore, it is recommended that the Company
  refrains from being involved in projects using “waste certificates” in countries without EPR schemes, in order to avoid double counting.




WILLIBALD KALTENBRUNNER
LEAD AUDITOR
DENKSTATT GMBH
Advisory for Sustainable Development
Vienna, 12 March 2020




        000-86
                                                                                                              INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019    233
                                                                                                                                                     SR

                                                                                                                                                     CG

Shareholder information                                                                                                                              FS

                                                                                                                                                     SSR

We take great pride in being regarded as a transparent and accessible     Share price performance                                                    SI
company in all our communications with investment communities             LSE: CCH                                  2019         2018         2017
around the world. We engage with key financial audiences, including       In £ per share                               ​            ​         ​
institutional investors, sell-side analysts and financial journalists,    Close                                   25.65        24.52     24.20
as well as our Company’s shareholders. The investor relations             High                                    30.74        28.01     26.71
department manages the interaction with these audiences by                Low                                     22.99        22.16     17.69
attending ad hoc meetings and investor conferences throughout             Market capitalisation (£ million)       9,318        9,007     8,862
the year, in addition to the regular meetings and presentations held
                                                                          ATHEX: EEE                                2019         2018         2017
at the time of our results announcements.
                                                                          In € per share                               ​            ​         ​
                                                                          Close                                   30.17        27.11     27.25
Analysis of shareholding sizes       Geographic concentration (%)
                                                                          High                                    35.09        31.90     29.80
                                                                          Low                                     26.93        24.99     20.47
                                                                          Market capitalisation (€ million)      10,960        9,959     9,979
                                                                          Source: Bloomberg

                                                                          Share capital
                                                                          In 2019, the share capital of Coca-Cola HBC increased by the issue
                                                                          of 1,352,731 new ordinary shares following the exercise of stock
                                                                          options pursuant to the Group’s employee stock option plan.
                                                                          Total proceeds from the issuance of the shares under the stock
  1 – 10,000: 1%                       UK: 27%                            option plan amounted to €21.4 million.
  10,001 – 100,000: 4%                 Continental Europe: 35%
  100,001 – 1,000,000: 25%             United States: 27%                 Following the above changes, and including 6,658,233 ordinary shares
  1,000,001 – over: 67%                Rest of the world: 4%              held as treasury shares, on 31 December 2019 the share capital of the
  Treasury shares: 3%                  Retail investors: 5%
                                                                          Group amounted to €2,010.8 million and comprised 369,930,157
                                                                          shares with a nominal value of CHF 6.70 each.
Listings
                                                                          Major shareholders
Coca-Cola HBC AG (LSE: CCH) was admitted to the premium listing
                                                                          The principal shareholders of the Group are Kar-Tess Holding
segment of the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and to trading
                                                                          (a Luxembourg company), which holds approximately 23%, and
on the London Stock Exchange’s main market for listed securities
                                                                          The Coca-Cola Company, which indirectly holds approximately 23%
on 29 April 2013. With effect from 29 April 2013, Coca-Cola HBC AG’s
                                                                          of the Group’s issued share capital.
shares are also admitted on the Athens Exchange (ATHEX: EEE).
Coca-Cola HBC AG has been included as a constituent of the FTSE
100 and FTSE All-Share Indices from 20 September 2013.
                                                                          Dividends
                                                                          For 2019, the Board of Directors has proposed a €0.62 dividend per
London Stock Exchange
                                                                          share in line with the Group’s progressive dividend policy.
Ticker symbol: CCH
ISIN: CH019 825 1305                                                      This compares to a dividend payment of €0.57 per share in 2018.
SEDOL: B9895B7                                                            For more information on our dividend policy and dividend history,
Reuters: CCH.L                                                            please visit our website at www.coca-colahellenic.com.
Bloomberg: CCH LN
                                                                          Financial calendar
Athens Exchange
                                                                          7 May 2020                      First quarter trading update
Ticker symbol: EEE
                                                                          16 June 2020                    Annual General Meeting
ISIN: CH019 825 1305
                                                                          5 August 2020                   Half-year financial results
Reuters: EEEr.AT
                                                                          11 November 2020                Third quarter trading update
Bloomberg: EEE GA

Credit rating                                                             Corporate website
Standard & Poor’s: L/T BBB+, S/T A2, stable outlook                       www.coca-colahellenic.com
Moody’s: L/T Baa1, S/T P2, stable outlook
                                                                          Shareholder and analyst information
                                                                          Shareholders and financial analysts can obtain further information
                                                                          by contacting:
                                                                          Investor Relations
                                                                          Tel: +30 210 618 3100
                                                                          Email: investor.relations@cchellenic.com
                                                                          IR website: www.coca‑colahellenic.com/investorrelations
234   COCA-COLA HBC




Glossary

Basis points (bps)                                Comparable adjusted EBITDA                       FMCG
One hundredth of one percentage point             We define comparable adjusted EBITDA             Fast‑moving consumer goods
(used chiefly in expressing differences)          as operating profit before deductions for
                                                  depreciation and impairment of property,         Future consumption
BSO                                               plant and equipment (included both in cost of    A distribution channel where consumers
Business services organisation                    goods sold and in operating expenses),           buy multi-packs and larger packages from
                                                  amortisation and impairment of intangible        supermarkets and discounters which are not
BSS                                               assets, stock option compensation and other      consumed on the spot
                                                  non‑cash items, if any; and further adjusted
Business solutions and systems
                                                  for restructuring costs, acquisition costs and   GDP
                                                  mark to market valuation of commodity
CAGR                                                                                               Gross domestic product
                                                  hedging activity
Compound annual growth rate
                                                                                                   GRI
                                                  Comparable net profit
Capital expenditure or CapEx                                                                       Global Reporting Initiative, a global standard
                                                  Refers to net profit after tax attributable
Gross CapEx is defined as payments for                                                             for sustainability reporting
                                                  to owners of the parent adjusted for
purchase of property, plant and equipment.        restructuring costs, acquisition costs, mark
Net CapEx is defined as payments for                                                               HoReCa
                                                  to market valuation of commodity hedging
purchase of property, plant and equipment         activity and certain other tax items             Distribution channel encompassing hotels,
less receipts from disposals of property, plant                                                    restaurants and cafés
and equipment plus principal repayment of         Comparable operating profit (EBIT)
lease obligations                                                                                  IFRS
                                                  Comparable operating profit (EBIT) refers to
                                                  profit before tax excluding finance income/      International Financial Reporting Standards,
Carbon emissions (scope 1 and 2)                                                                   issued by the International Accounting
                                                  (costs) and share of results of equity method
Emissions of CO2 and other greenhouse             investments and adjusted for restructuring       Standards Board
gases from fuel combustion and energy             costs, acquisition costs and mark to market
use in Coca‑Cola HBC’s own operations in          valuation of commodity hedging activity          IIRC
bottling, storage, distribution and in offices                                                     The International Integrated Reporting
                                                  Comparable operating expenditure                 Council, a global coalition of regulators,
Carbon footprint                                                                                   investors, companies, standard-setters,
                                                  Comparable operating expenditure refers
Global emissions of CO2 and other                 to operating expenditure adjusted for            the accounting profession and NGOs.
greenhouse gases from Coca‑Cola HBC’s             restructuring costs, acquisition costs and       The coalition is promoting communication
wider value chain (raw materials, product         mark to market valuation of certain              about value creation as the next step in the
cooling, etc.)                                    commodity hedging activity                       evolution of corporate reporting

CHP                                               Customer                                         Immediate consumption
Combined heat and power plants                    Retail outlet, restaurant or other operation     A distribution channel where consumers buy
                                                  that sells or serves Coca-Cola HBC products      chilled beverages in single-serve packages
Coca-Cola brands                                  directly to consumers                            and fountain products for immediate
Includes Coca‑Cola, Coca‑Cola Zero                                                                 consumption, away from home
and Coca‑Cola Light brands                        Dividend policy
                                                                                                   Inventory days
                                                  Our Board of Directors approved a dividend
Coca-Cola HBC                                     policy, effective from 2013, aiming to           We define inventory days as the average
Coca‑Cola HBC AG, and, as the context may         increase dividend payments progressively         number of days an item remains in inventory
require, its subsidiaries and joint ventures;     with a medium-term target payout ratio           before being sold, using the following
also, the Group, the Company                      of 35-45% on comparable net profits              formula: average inventory ÷ cost of goods
                                                                                                   sold x 365
Coca-Cola System                                  DME
                                                                                                   Ireland
The Coca-Cola Company and its                     Direct marketing expenses
bottling partners                                                                                  The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
                                                  Energy use ratio
Cold drink equipment                              The KPI used by Coca‑Cola HBC to measure
A generic term encompassing point-of-sale         energy consumption in the bottling plants,
equipment such as coolers (refrigerators),        expressed in megajoules of energy
vending machines and post‑mix machines            consumed per litre of produced beverage
                                                  (MJ/lpb)
                                                                                                        INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2019       235
                                                                                                                                                  SR

                                                                                                                                                  CG

                                                                                                                                                  FS

                                                                                                                                                  SSR

Italy                                         ROIC                                            Territory                                           SI
Territory in Italy served by Coca‑Cola HBC    Return on invested capital. ROIC is the         The 28 countries where Coca-Cola HBC
(excludes Sicily)                             percentage return that a company makes          operates and in which we have bottling
                                              over its invested capital. We define ROIC       agreements with The Coca-Cola Company
Joint value creation (JVC)                    as the percentage of comparable net profit      to be their exclusive distribution partner
An advanced programme and process             excluding net finance costs divided by the
to collaborate with customers in order        capital employed. Capital employed is           UNESDA
to create shared value                        calculated as the average of net debt and       Union of European Soft Drinks Associations
                                              shareholders’ equity attributable to the
Litre of produced beverage (lpb)              owners of the parent through the year           Unit case (u.c.)
Unit of reference to show environmental                                                       Approximately 5.678 litres or 24 servings,
                                              SAP
performance relative to production volume                                                     a typical volume measurement unit.
                                              A powerful software platform that enables       For Bambi volume, one unit case
Market                                        us to standardise key business processes        corresponds to 1 kilogram
                                              and systems
When used in reference to geographic areas,
a country in which Coca-Cola HBC does                                                         UN Global Compact (UNGC)
                                              SDG
business                                                                                      The world’s largest corporate citizenship
                                              UN Sustainable Development Goals.               initiative which provides a framework for
NARTD                                         On 25 September 2015, countries adopted         businesses to align strategies with its
                                              a set of 17 goals to end poverty, protect the   10 principles promoting labour rights, human
Non‑alcoholic ready‑to‑drink
                                              planet and ensure prosperity for all as part    rights, environmental protection and
                                              of a new sustainable development agenda.        anti-corruption
NGOs
                                              Each goal has specific targets to be achieved
Non‑governmental organisations                by 2030                                         Volume
Nm3                                                                                           Amount of physical product produced
                                              Serving
                                                                                              and sold, measured in unit cases
Normal cubic metre                            237ml or 8oz of beverage, equivalent to 1/24
                                              of a unit case                                  Volume share
NSR
                                                                                              Share of total unit cases sold
Net sales revenue                             Shared services
                                              Centre to standardise and simplify key          Value share
Operational leverage                          finance and human resources processes
                                                                                              Share of total revenue
Operational leverage is the degree to which
an increase in a company’s revenues will      Sparkling beverages
                                                                                              Waste ratio
result in an increase in comparable EBIT      Non‑alcoholic carbonated beverages
                                                                                              The KPI used by Coca‑Cola HBC to measure
                                              containing flavourings and sweeteners,
Organised trade                                                                               waste generation in its bottling plants,
                                              but excluding, among others, waters and
                                                                                              expressed in grammes of waste generated
Large retailers (e.g. supermarkets,           flavoured waters, juices and juice drinks,
                                                                                              per litre of produced beverage (g/lpb)
discounters etc.)                             sports and energy drinks, teas and coffee
                                                                                              Waste recycling
PET                                           SKU
                                                                                              The KPI used by Coca‑Cola HBC to measure
Polyethylene terepthalate, a form             Stock Keeping Unit
                                                                                              the percentage of production waste at
of polyester used in the manufacturing
                                                                                              bottling plants that is recycled or recovered
of beverage bottles                           Still and water beverages
                                              Non‑alcoholic beverages without carbonation     Water footprint
Ready-to-drink (RTD)                          including, but not limited to, waters and
                                                                                              A measure of the impact of water use,
Drinks that are pre‑mixed and packaged,       flavoured waters, juices and juice drinks,
                                                                                              in operations or beyond, as defined by the
ready to be consumed immediately with         sports and energy drinks, teas and coffee
                                                                                              Water Footprint Network methodology
no further preparation
                                              TCFD
                                                                                              Water use ratio
Right Execution Daily (RED)                   Task Force on Climate-related Financial
                                                                                              The KPI used by Coca‑Cola HBC to measure
Major Group‑wide programme to ensure          Disclosures
                                                                                              water use in its bottling plants, expressed
in‑outlet excellence
                                                                                              in litres of water used per litre of produced
                                                                                              beverage (l/lpb)
Receivable days
The average number of days it takes                                                           Working capital
to collect receivables using the following
                                                                                              Operating current assets minus operating
formula: average accounts receivable ÷ net
                                                                                              current liabilities excluding financing and
sales revenue x 365
                                                                                              investment activities
236   COCA-COLA HBC




Special note regarding forward-looking statements
This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements may generally, but not always,
be identified by the use of words such as ‘believe’, ‘outlook’, ‘guidance’, ‘intend’, ‘expect’, ‘anticipate’, ‘plan’, ‘target’, ‘seek’, ‘estimates’, ’potential‘
and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including, among others,
statements regarding the future financial position and results; Coca-Cola HBC’s outlook for 2020 and future years; business strategy and the
effects of the global economic slowdown; the impact of the sovereign debt crisis, currency volatility, Coca-Cola HBC’s recent acquisitions, and
restructuring initiatives on Coca-Cola HBC’s business and financial condition; Coca-Cola HBC’s future dealings with The Coca-Cola Company;
budgets; projected levels of consumption and production; projected raw material and other costs; estimates of capital expenditure; free cash
flow; and effective tax rates and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. You should not
place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because
they reflect Coca-Cola HBC’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and circumstances that may not prove accurate.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Coca-Cola HBC’s actual results and events could differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described in the Risk and materiality section. Although
Coca-Cola HBC believes that, as of the date of this document, the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
Coca-Cola HBC cannot assure that Coca-Cola HBC’s future results, level of activity, performance or achievements will meet these expectations.
Moreover, neither Coca-Cola HBC, nor its Directors, employees, advisers nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any forward-looking statements. After the date of this Integrated Annual Report, unless Coca-Cola HBC is required by law or
the rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority to update these forward-looking statements, Coca-Cola HBC makes no commitment to update
any of these forward- looking statements to conform them either to actual results or to changes in Coca-Cola HBC’s expectations.

About our report
The 2019 Integrated Annual Report (the ‘Annual Report’) consolidates Coca-Cola HBC AG’s (also referred to as ‘Coca-Cola HBC’ or the
‘Company’ or the ‘Group’) UK and Swiss disclosure requirements, while meeting the disclosure requirements for its secondary listing on the
Athens Exchange. In addition, the Annual Report aims to deliver against the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders and sustainability
reporting standards, providing a transparent overview of the Group’s performance and progress in sustainable development for 2019.
Our strategy is designed to deliver responsible, sustainable and profitable growth. Our strategic objectives of driving volume growth, focusing
on value, improving efficiency and investing in the business are supported by our people and our commitment to sustainability. The initiatives
we implemented to achieve our objectives and the evidence of our success during the year form the basis of the narrative in the Annual Report,
which is structured around our stakeholders: our people, communities, consumers, customers and other stakeholders, with whom we work
to enhance efficiencies in the business.
The Annual Report is for the year ended 31 December 2019, and its focus is on the primary core business of non-alcoholic ready-to-drink
beverages across the 28 countries in which we operate. Our website and any other website referred to in the Annual Report are not incorporated
by reference and do not form part of the Annual Report.
The consolidated financial statements of the Group, included on pages 137-198, have been prepared in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Coca-Cola HBC AG’s statutory financial
statements, included on pages 209-220, have been prepared in accordance with the Swiss Code of Obligations. Unless otherwise indicated
or required by context, all financial information contained in this document has been prepared in accordance with IFRS. For Swiss law purposes,
the annual management report consists of the sections entitled ‘Strategic Report’, ‘Corporate Governance’ (without the sub-section ‘Director’s
Remuneration Report’), ‘Supplementary Information’ and ‘Glossary’.
The Group uses certain Alternative performance measures (‘APMs’) that provide additional insights and understanding to the Group’s underlying
operating and financial performance, financial condition and cash flows. A full list of these APMs, their definition and reconciliation to the
respective IFRS measures can be found on pages 226-229.
This report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards, comprehensive option. In addition, the sustainability
aspects of this Annual Report comply with the AA1000AS Assurance Standard, and the advanced level requirements for communication on
progress against the 10 Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. In addition, the report is aligned with the principles and elements of the
International Integrated Reporting Council’s (IIRC) framework. Carbon emissions are calculated using the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting
and Reporting Standard methodology. Furthermore, Coca-Cola HBC supports the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
The sustainability aspects of the Integrated Annual Report have been verified by an independent professional assurance provider as dictated
by the Company’s Operating and Sustainability Steering Committees, and you can find the relevant assurance statement on pages 230-232.
As with the rest of the information provided, the sustainability aspects of this Annual Report are for the full year ended 31 December 20191
and the related information presented is based on an annual reporting cycle.
We remain committed to strong corporate governance and leadership as well as transparency in our disclosures. We will continue to review our
reporting approach and routines, to ensure they meet best practice reporting standards and the expectations of our stakeholders, and provide
visibility on how we create sustainable value for the communities we serve.




1. Co-packers are excluded from environmental reporting and data
Visit us
www.coca‑colahellenic.com                       Write to us
The Group site features all the latest news     We have dedicated email addresses which
and stories from around our business and        you can use to communicate with us:
communities, as well as an interactive online   investor.relations@cchellenic.com
version of this report.                         sustainability@cchellenic.com
               The paper used in this report is 100% recycled and FSC® certified.
               Printed in the UK using vegetable based inks. The printer is ISO 14001
               accredited and Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) chain of custody
               certified. Under the framework of ISO 14001 a structured approach is
               taken by the company to measure, improve and audit their environmental
               status on an ongoing basis. FSC® ensures there is an audited chain of
               custody from the tree in the well-managed forest through to the finished
               document in the printing factory.
               Designed and produced by Black Sun Plc



Coca‑Cola HBC AG
Turmstrasse 26, CH-6312 Steinhausen, Switzerland
www.coca‑colahellenic.com
investor.relations@cchellenic.com
sustainability@cchellenic.com
