Contact for Media and Investors:
Email: ir@service.netease.com
Tel: (+86) 571-8985-3378

NetEase Announces Second Quarter 2024 Unaudited Financial Results

Hangzhou, China, August 22, 2024 - NetEase, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTES and HKEX: 9999, “NetEase”
or the “Company”), a leading internet and game services provider, today announced its unaudited
financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2024.

Second Quarter 2024 Financial Highlights

   Net revenues were RMB25.5 billion (US$3.5 billion), an increase of 6.1% compared with the
    same quarter of 2023.
     Games and related value-added services net revenues were RMB20.1 billion (US$2.8 billion),
      an increase of 6.7% compared with the same quarter of 2023.
     Youdao net revenues were RMB1.3 billion (US$181.9 million), an increase of 9.5%
      compared with the same quarter of 2023.
     Cloud Music net revenues were RMB2.0 billion (US$280.8 million), an increase of 4.7%
      compared with the same quarter of 2023.
     Innovative businesses and others net revenues were RMB2.1 billion (US$284.5 million),
      which was relatively stable compared with the same quarter of 2023.
   Gross profit was RMB16.0 billion (US$2.2 billion), an increase of 11.6% compared with the
    same quarter of 2023.

   Total operating expenses were RMB9.0 billion (US$1.2 billion), an increase of 8.9% compared
    with the same quarter of 2023.




                                               1
     Net income attributable to the Company’s shareholders was RMB6.8 billion (US$930.0
      million). Non-GAAP net income attributable to the Company’s shareholders was RMB7.8
      billion (US$1.1 billion).[1]

     Basic net income per share was US$0.29 (US$1.45 per ADS). Non-GAAP basic net income per
      share was US$0.33 (US$1.67 per ADS).[1]

Second Quarter 2024 and Recent Operational Highlights

     Launched popular new titles, further enhancing our appeal in diversified genres:

       Lost Light mobile game, a multiplayer tactical shooter game, topped the iOS download charts
        in China following its June launch.

       Once Human, a multiplayer open-world survival game set in a post-apocalyptic world,
        attained over 230,000 peak concurrent users on Steam soon after its launch, ranking among
        the top 5 most-played games in the world.

       Naraka: Bladepoint mobile game hit the top 3 on iOS grossing charts soon after launch in
        China, and topped the iOS download chart for over a week.

     Generated continued popularity of hit games, with Naraka: Bladepoint reaching record-high
      DAUs on its three-year anniversary, and Identity V continuing its strong performance, hitting
      record-high DAUs in July and August, consecutively.

     Brought highly anticipated NetEase titles to partners’ world-leading gaming platforms:

       Unveiled plans to bring Where Winds Meet and Marvel Rivals to consoles at PlayStation State
        of Play. Marvel Rivals also announced during Gamescom its release date for December 6th.

       Announced FragPunk, a 5v5 first-person hero shooter game, at the Xbox Games Showcase
        2024, highlighting its innovative shooting experience with unique card mechanics.

       Eggy Party joined Nintendo Direct with upcoming plans for a worldwide release on Switch.

     Brought World of Warcraft back to China with players enthusiastically welcoming the unfolding
      return of Blizzard’s game portfolio.




[1]
   As used in this announcement, non-GAAP net income attributable to the Company’s shareholders
and non-GAAP basic and diluted net income per share and per ADS are defined to exclude share-
based compensation expenses. See the unaudited reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results at
the end of this announcement.


                                                    2
   Youdao continued to drive growth in digital content services, online marketing services and AI-
    driven subscription services, recording historic-high operating cash flow and significantly
    narrowed operating loss compared with the same quarter of last year.

   Cloud Music continued to propel quality development across its music-centric ecosystem, further
    augmented its unique community, and kept bringing users high-quality music experiences.

“The robust R&D and operating capabilities we’ve built over the past two decades have shaped our
formidable games portfolio of time-honored titles and newer innovative hits that redefine genres and
diversify our offerings,” said Mr. William Ding, Chief Executive Officer and Director of NetEase.
“With a growing portfolio of games that feature higher quality and cover more genres, we are thrilled
to bring exciting NetEase gaming experiences to more players around the globe. As we expand our
reach to players in China and worldwide, innovation remains our priority. We will continue to
explore opportunities with talent and partners in the industry to drive the next wave of gaming trends.

“Alongside our games, Cloud Music and Youdao are also on track for continued growth this year.
Superior content is the thread that connects our NetEase family, and we continue to bring
experiences that resonate with our users across our businesses,” Mr. Ding concluded.

Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results

Net Revenues

Net revenues for the second quarter of 2024 were RMB25.5 billion (US$3.5 billion), compared with
RMB26.9 billion and RMB24.0 billion for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023,
respectively.

Net revenues from games and related value-added services were RMB20.1 billion (US$2.8 billion)
for the second quarter of 2024, compared with RMB21.5 billion and RMB18.8 billion for the
preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively. Net revenues from the operation of
online games accounted for approximately 96.1% of the segment’s net revenues for the second
quarter of 2024, compared with 95.2% and 91.7% for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of
2023, respectively. Net revenues from mobile games accounted for approximately 76.4% of net
revenues from the operation of online games for the second quarter of 2024, compared with 78.6%
and 73.6% for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively.

Net revenues from Youdao were RMB1.3 billion (US$181.9 million) for the second quarter of 2024,
compared with RMB1.4 billion and RMB1.2 billion for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of
2023, respectively.

Net revenues from Cloud Music were RMB2.0 billion (US$280.8 million) for the second quarter of
2024, compared with RMB2.0 billion and RMB1.9 billion for the preceding quarter and the same
quarter of 2023, respectively.



                                                  3
Net revenues from innovative businesses and others were RMB2.1 billion (US$284.5 million) for the
second quarter of 2024, compared with RMB2.0 billion and RMB2.1 billion for the preceding
quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively.

Gross Profit

Gross profit for the second quarter of 2024 was RMB16.0 billion (US$2.2 billion), compared with
RMB17.0 billion and RMB14.4 billion for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023,
respectively.

The quarter-over-quarter decrease in games and related value-added services’ gross profit was
primarily due to lower net revenues from certain mobile games. The year-over-year increase was
primarily due to increased net revenues from mobile games such as Identity V and Justice mobile
game, launched in 2023.

The quarter-over-quarter decrease in Youdao’s gross profit was primarily due to lower net revenues
from its learning services. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to higher net revenues from
its online marketing services.

The quarter-over-quarter decrease in Cloud Music’s gross profit primarily resulted from the one-off
adjustment of certain copyright costs in the preceding quarter. The year-over-year increase was
primarily due to increased net revenues from sales of membership subscriptions and continued
improvement in cost control measures.

The quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year increases in innovative businesses and others’ gross
profit were primarily due to increased gross profit from Yanxuan and several other businesses
included within the segment.

Gross Profit Margin

Gross profit margin for games and related value-added services for the second quarter of 2024 was
70.0%, compared with 69.5% and 67.4% for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023,
respectively. The quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year increases were mainly attributable to
changes in product mix.

Gross profit margin for Youdao for the second quarter of 2024 was 48.2%, compared with 49.0% and
47.0% for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively. The quarter-over-quarter
decrease was mainly due to decreased revenue contribution from its learning services. The year-over-
year increase was mainly due to the improvement of gross profit margin from its online marketing
services.




                                                 4
Gross profit margin for Cloud Music for the second quarter of 2024 was 32.1%, compared with
38.0% and 27.0% for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively. The quarter-
over-quarter and year-over-year fluctuations were mainly due to the factors enumerated above. The
one-off adjustment of copyright costs mentioned above increased the gross profit margin in the
preceding quarter by approximately five percentage points.

Gross profit margin for innovative businesses and others for the second quarter of 2024 was 34.0%,
compared with 33.4% and 29.5% for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively.
The quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year increases were mainly due to changes in the product mix
within the segment.

Operating Expenses

Total operating expenses for the second quarter of 2024 were RMB9.0 billion (US$1.2 billion),
compared with RMB9.4 billion and RMB8.3 billion for the preceding quarter and the same quarter
of 2023, respectively. The quarter-over-quarter decrease was mainly due to decreased marketing
expenditures related to games and related value-added services. The year-over-year increase was
mainly due to increased research and development investments and marketing expenditures
associated with games and related value-added services.

Other Income/(Expenses)

Other income/(expenses) consisted of investment income, interest income, exchange gains/(losses)
and others. The quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year decreases were mainly due to net exchange
losses in the second quarter of 2024 compared with net exchange gains recorded in the preceding
quarter and the same quarter of 2023.

Income Tax

The Company recorded a net income tax charge of RMB1.3 billion (US$179.0 million) for the
second quarter of 2024, compared with RMB1.5 billion and RMB712.1 million for the preceding
quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate for the second quarter of
2024 was 16.0%, compared with 16.0% and 8.0% for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of
2023, respectively. The effective tax rate represents certain estimates by the Company as to the tax
obligations and benefits applicable to it in each quarter.

Net Income and Non-GAAP Net Income

Net income attributable to the Company’s shareholders totaled RMB6.8 billion (US$930.0 million)
for the second quarter of 2024, compared with RMB7.6 billion and RMB8.2 billion for the preceding
quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively.

NetEase reported basic net income of US$0.29 per share (US$1.45 per ADS) for the second quarter
of 2024, compared with US$0.33 per share (US$1.64 per ADS) and US$0.35 per share (US$1.76 per
ADS) for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively.

                                                 5
Non-GAAP net income attributable to the Company’s shareholders totaled RMB7.8 billion (US$1.1
billion) for the second quarter of 2024, compared with RMB8.5 billion and RMB9.0 billion for the
preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively.

NetEase reported non-GAAP basic net income of US$0.33 per share (US$1.67 per ADS) for the
second quarter of 2024, compared with US$0.36 per share (US$1.82 per ADS) and US$0.39 per
share (US$1.93 per ADS) for the preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively.

Other Financial Information

As of June 30, 2024, the Company’s net cash (total cash and cash equivalents, current and non-
current time deposits and restricted cash, as well as short-term investments balance, minus short-term
and long-term loans) totaled RMB116.1 billion (US$16.0 billion), compared with RMB110.9 billion
as of December 31, 2023. Net cash provided by operating activities was RMB6.5 billion (US$898.8
million) for the second quarter of 2024, compared with RMB9.6 billion and RMB7.7 billion for the
preceding quarter and the same quarter of 2023, respectively.

Quarterly Dividend

The board of directors has approved a dividend of US$0.0870 per share (US$0.4350 per ADS) for
the second quarter of 2024 to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs as of the close of
business on September 6, 2024, Beijing/Hong Kong Time and New York Time, respectively,
payable in U.S. dollars. For holders of ordinary shares, in order to qualify for the dividend, all valid
documents for the transfer of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged
for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wanchai, Hong Kong no later than 4:30 p.m. on September 6, 2024 (Beijing/ Hong Kong Time). The
payment date is expected to be September 17, 2024 for holders of ordinary shares and on or around
September 20, 2024 for holders of ADSs.

NetEase paid a dividend of US$0.0990 per share (US$0.4950 per ADS) for the first quarter of 2024
in June 2024.

Under the Company’s current dividend policy, the determination to make dividend distributions and
the amount of such distribution in any particular quarter will be made at the discretion of its board of
directors and will be based upon the Company’s operations and earnings, cash flow, financial
condition and other relevant factors.




                                                   6
Share Repurchase Program

On November 17, 2022, the Company announced that its board of directors had approved a share
repurchase program of up to US$5.0 billion of the Company’s ADSs and ordinary shares in open
market transactions. This share repurchase program commenced on January 10, 2023 and will be in
effect for a period not to exceed 36 months from such date. As of June 30, 2024, approximately 11.9
million ADSs had been repurchased under this program for a total cost of US$1.1 billion.

The extent to which NetEase repurchases its ADSs and its ordinary shares depends upon a variety of
factors, including market conditions. These programs may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

** The United States dollar (US$) amounts disclosed in this announcement are presented solely for
the convenience of the reader. The percentages stated are calculated based on RMB.

Conference Call

NetEase’s management team will host a teleconference call with a simultaneous webcast at 8:00 a.m.
New York Time on Thursday, August 22, 2024 (Beijing/Hong Kong Time: 8:00 p.m., Thursday,
August 22, 2024). NetEase’s management will be on the call to discuss the quarterly results and
answer questions.

Interested parties may participate in the conference call by dialing 1-914-202-3258 and providing
conference ID: 10040836, 15 minutes prior to the initiation of the call. A replay of the call will be
available by dialing 1-855-883-1031 and entering PIN: 10040836. The replay will be available
through August 29, 2024.

This call will be webcast live and the replay will be available for 12 months. Both will be available
on NetEase’s Investor Relations website at http://ir.netease.com/.

About NetEase, Inc.

NetEase, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTES and HKEX: 9999, “NetEase”) is a leading internet and game
services provider centered around premium content. With extensive offerings across its expanding
gaming ecosystem, the Company develops and operates some of the most popular and longest
running mobile and PC games available in China and globally.

Powered by one of the largest in-house game R&D teams focused on mobile, PC and console,
NetEase creates superior gaming experiences, inspires players, and passionately delivers value for its
thriving community worldwide. By infusing play with culture, and education with technology,
NetEase transforms gaming into a meaningful vehicle to build a more entertaining and enlightened
world.




                                                  7
Beyond games, NetEase service offerings include its majority-controlled subsidiaries Youdao (NYSE:
DAO), an intelligent learning company with industry-leading technology, and Cloud Music (HKEX:
9899), a well-known online music platform featuring a vibrant content community, as well as
Yanxuan, NetEase’s private label consumer lifestyle brand.

For more information, please visit: http://ir.netease.com/.

Forward Looking Statements

This announcement contains statements of a forward-looking nature. These statements are made
under the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You
can identify these forward-looking statements by terminology such as “will,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates” and similar expressions. In
addition, statements that are not historical facts, including statements about NetEase’s strategies and
business plans, its expectations regarding the growth of its business and its revenue and the
quotations from management in this announcement are or contain forward-looking statements.
NetEase may also make forward-looking statements in its periodic reports to the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), in announcements made on the website of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”), in press releases and other written
materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. The
accuracy of these statements may be impacted by a number of business risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including risks
related to: the risk that the online games market will not continue to grow or that NetEase will not be
able to maintain its position in that market in China or globally; risks associated with NetEase’s
business and operating strategies and its ability to implement such strategies; NetEase’s ability to
develop and manage its operations and business; competition for, among other things, capital,
technology and skilled personnel; potential changes in government regulation that could adversely
affect the industry and geographical markets in which NetEase operates; the risk that NetEase may
not be able to continuously develop new and creative online services or that NetEase will not be able
to set, or follow in a timely manner, trends in the market; risks related to economic uncertainty and
capital market disruption; risks related to the expansion of NetEase’s businesses and operations
internationally; risks associated with cybersecurity threats or incidents; and the risk that fluctuations
in the value of the Renminbi with respect to other currencies could adversely affect NetEase’s
business and financial results. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in
NetEase’s filings with the SEC and announcements on the website of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. NetEase does not undertake any obligation to update this forward-looking information,
except as required under applicable law.




                                                   8
Non-GAAP Financial Measures

NetEase considers and uses non-GAAP financial measures, such as non-GAAP net income
attributable to the Company’s shareholders and non-GAAP basic and diluted net income per ADS
and per share, as supplemental metrics in reviewing and assessing its operating performance and
formulating its business plan. The presentation of non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to
be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S.
GAAP”).

NetEase defines non-GAAP net income attributable to the Company’s shareholders as net income
attributable to the Company’s shareholders excluding share-based compensation expenses. Non-
GAAP net income attributable to the Company’s shareholders enables NetEase’s management to
assess its operating results without considering the impact of share-based compensation expenses.
NetEase believes that this non-GAAP financial measure provide useful information to investors in
understanding and evaluating the Company’s current operating performance and prospects in the
same manner as management does, if they so choose. NetEase also believes that the use of this non-
GAAP financial measure facilitates investors’ assessment of its operating performance.

Non-GAAP financial measures are not defined under U.S. GAAP and are not presented in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools.
One of the key limitations of using non-GAAP net income attributable to the Company’s
shareholders is that it does not reflect all items of expense/ income that affect our operations. Share-
based compensation expenses have been and may continue to be incurred in NetEase’s business and
are not reflected in the presentation of non-GAAP net income attributable to the Company’s
shareholders. In addition, the non-GAAP financial measures NetEase uses may differ from the non-
GAAP measures used by other companies, including peer companies, and therefore their
comparability may be limited.

NetEase compensates for these limitations by reconciling non-GAAP net income attributable to the
Company’s shareholders to the nearest U.S. GAAP performance measure, all of which should be
considered when evaluating the Company’s performance. See the unaudited reconciliation of GAAP
and non-GAAP results at the end of this announcement. NetEase encourages you to review its
financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure.




                                                   9
10
11
12
13
NETEASE, INC.

NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Note 1: The conversion of Renminbi (RMB) into United States dollars (USD) is based on the noon
buying rate of USD1.00 = RMB7.2672 on the last trading day of June 2024 (June 28, 2024) as set
forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that
the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into US$ at that rate on June 28, 2024, or
at any other certain date.
Note 2: Share-based compensation cost reported in the Company’s unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of comprehensive income is set out as follows in RMB and USD (in
thousands):




Note 3: The financial information prepared and presented in this announcement might be different
from those published and to be published by NetEase’s listed subsidiary to meet the disclosure
requirements under different accounting standards requirements.
Note 4: The unaudited reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is set out as follows in RMB
and USD (in thousands, except per share data or per ADS data):




Note 5: Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards
The unaudited condensed consolidated financial information is prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP, which differ in certain respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”).
The effects of material differences between the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
information prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs (“Reconciliation Statement”) are as follows in
RMB (in thousands).


                                                  14
PricewaterhouseCoopers, the auditor of the Company in Hong Kong, has performed a limited
assurance engagement on the Reconciliation Statement in accordance with International Standard on
Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of
Historical Financial Information”.
Reconciliation of unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income (Extract):




Reconciliation of unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets (Extract):




                                                15
Notes:
Basis of Preparation
The Company is responsible for preparation of the Reconciliation Statement in accordance with the
relevant requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and relevant guidance in HKEX-GL111-22.
The Reconciliation Statement was prepared based on the Company’s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2024 prepared under U.S.
GAAP, with material adjustments made (if any) thereto in arriving at the unaudited financial
information of the Company prepared under IFRSs. The adjustments reflect the material differences
between the Company’s accounting policies under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs.
Note a. Investments measured at fair value
Under U.S. GAAP, the investments in convertible redeemable preferred shares and ordinary shares
with preferential rights that are issued by privately-held companies and therefore without readily
determinable fair values could be accounted for using measurement alternative as an accounting
policy choice. NetEase elected the measurement alternative to record these investments at cost, less
impairment, and plus or minus subsequent adjustments for observable price changes.
Under IFRSs, these investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
and measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized through profit or loss.
Note b. Redeemable noncontrolling interests
Under U.S. GAAP, SEC guidance provides for mezzanine-equity (temporary equity) category in
addition to the financial liability and permanent equity categories. The purpose of this “in-between”
category is to indicate that a security whose redemption is outside the control of the issuer may not
be classified as a permanent part of equity. NetEase classified the redeemable preferred shares issued
by certain subsidiaries as redeemable noncontrolling interests in the condensed consolidated balance
sheets and recorded them initially at fair value, net of issuance costs. NetEase recognized accretion
to the respective redemption value of the redeemable preferred shares over the period starting from
issuance date to the earliest redemption date.
Under IFRSs, there is no concept of mezzanine or temporary equity classification. NetEase
designated the redeemable preferred shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
which are measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, the amounts of changes in fair
value that were attributed to changes in credit risk of the issuer were recognized in other
comprehensive income, and the remaining amounts of changes in fair value were recognized in the
profit or loss.




                                                  16
