    Media release
    27 February 2020

                 Air New Zealand reports interim profit1 of $198 million
                           and maintains interim dividend

    Air New Zealand has today announced earnings before other significant items and taxation of $198
    million for the six-month period ended 31 December 2019, compared to $217 million in the prior
    period, reflecting the slower demand growth environment, weakness in the global cargo market and
    the ongoing unrest in Hong Kong. Earnings before taxation were $139 million and net profit after
    taxation was $101 million.

    Operating revenue growth of 3 percent was driven by solid demand across the airline’s Domestic and
    Pacific Islands networks, as well as recently launched services into Asia and North America. This
    helped to mitigate weaker cargo demand, increased competition on the Tasman and the impact of
    disruptions in Hong Kong.

    Operating costs increased 3.5 percent in the period, impacted by significant price increases in
    domestic air navigation and landing charges, as well as a weaker New Zealand dollar. Maintenance
    costs for third party contracts also increased, however this was more than offset by the related
    revenues. Fuel costs increased 1.1 percent, as an improvement in the underlying fuel price was offset
    by foreign exchange and fuel volumes resulting from growth in the International network.

    Ownership costs increased by 7.1 percent, driven by the arrival of new, efficient aircraft including the
    airline’s 14th Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in a premium-heavy configuration.

    Chairman Dame Therese Walsh says she is proud that management continues to execute the
    strategy that was first communicated to the market in March 2019, whilst quickly adapting the
    business to the evolving situation surrounding the Covid-19 outbreak.

    “Our capacity discipline on existing routes, stimulation of leisure traffic with the domestic fare
    restructure and entrance into attractive new international markets has driven good revenue
    performance in the first half. Alongside our focus on profitable top-line growth, we are on track to
    deliver the long-term sustainable cost savings target from our business review initiatives.

    “While the Covid-19 situation is dynamic, we have taken immediate steps to mitigate the impact of
    softer demand and I am confident that we have the ability to manage the expected short-term impacts
    effectively,” she says.

    The Board has declared a fully imputed interim dividend of 11.0 cents per share, in-line with the prior
    period. The dividend will be paid on 25 March, to shareholders on record as at 13 March.

    Chief Executive Officer Greg Foran acknowledged the Air New Zealand team and thanked them for
    their contribution to the interim financial result.

    “As I travel around the various parts of the business, it is clear that what makes Air New Zealand
    stand out from its global competitors is the enthusiasm and dedication of our people. Their focus on
    providing our customers with the best service will continue to be a key differentiator as we look to set
    the airline up for future success.”

1 Represents earnings before other significant items and taxation. Other significant items of $59 million comprise of $46 million related to the
  disestablishment of fair value aircraft hedges and reorganisation costs of $13 million.
    During his first 100 days, Mr Foran will undertake a diagnostic of the airline’s opportunities and risks.
    This will provide the basis for determining potential changes to the future strategic direction of the
    airline.

    “Air New Zealand holds a special place in the hearts of New Zealanders and we take that
    responsibility very seriously. As such, the diagnostic of the airline will look at how we can drive long-
    term sustainable outcomes for our customers, our staff, the broader community and our
    shareholders,” says Mr Foran.



    Impact from the Covid-19 outbreak
    As disclosed in its market announcement on 24 February, Air New Zealand has taken immediate
    steps to mitigate the impact of demand weakness on some parts of the airline’s network following the
    recent Covid-19 outbreak.

    In addition to the temporary suspension of services into Shanghai and Seoul, the airline announced
    that it would make further capacity reductions on other markets that are showing signs of weakness
    following the outbreak. This includes services into Hong Kong and Japan, albeit to a lesser extent.

    The reduction in services to Asia will result in approximately 17 percent less capacity across the
    February to June period than the airline had initially planned.

    “By proactively reducing these services we are better able to manage the cost implications of making
    late changes to our network and can redirect our most efficient aircraft, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner,
    to other parts of the network,” says Mr Foran.

    The airline has also noted signs of weaker demand on the Tasman, as well parts of the Domestic
    network, such as Queenstown and Christchurch which are primarily leisure-based destinations that
    are popular with international visitors. As such, earlier this week the airline announced targeted
    capacity reductions on certain Tasman and Domestic services to ensure the appropriate level of
    capacity in this changing demand environment.

    The airline will be increasing its market development investment to help drive additional demand,
    specifically across its Domestic and Tasman markets.

    Mr Foran says that the recent challenges presented by the Covid-19 outbreak show the resiliency of
    the airline and its ability to respond quickly to changing market conditions.

    “Air New Zealanders from across the business have been working around the clock to manage the
    impact of the Covid-19 outbreak on our operations. Our business is resilient, and we have
    demonstrated the ability time and again to respond quickly to changing market conditions. We have
    a highly capable and experienced senior leadership team who have dealt with challenges such as
    this before and I am confident that we will effectively navigate our way through this,” says Mr Foran.


    Outlook

    While the situation is uncertain, based on current assumptions of lower demand as well as the benefit
    of the announced capacity reductions and lower jet fuel prices, the airline currently expects a net
    negative impact to earnings in the range of $35 million to $75 million as a result of Covid-19.

    At the midpoint of the estimated range above, which is approximately $55 million, the airline is
    targeting earnings before other significant items and taxation to be in a range of approximately $300
    million to $350 million 2.

    The airline will provide an update to this guidance should the current assumptions materially change.



2 Assuming jet fuel prices remain at US$65 per barrel for the remainder of the year and excludes the impact of the NZ IFRS 16.
    Interim Financial Highlights

    •      Operating revenue of $3.0 billion
    •      Earnings before other significant items and taxation 3 of $198 million
    •      Earnings before taxation of $139 million
    •      Net profit after taxation of $101 million
    •      Reported operating cash flow of $534 million (or $423 million excluding the impact of the new
           leasing standard, NZ IFRS 16)
    •      Fully imputed interim dividend of 11.0 cents per share, consistent with prior period




    Ends
    Issued by Air New Zealand Public Affairs ph +64 21 747 320




3. Earnings before other significant items and taxation represent Earnings stated in compliance with NZ IFRS (Statutory Earnings) after excluding items
which due to their size or nature warrant separate disclosure to assist with understanding the underlying financial performance of the Group. Earnings
before other significant items and taxation is reported within the Group’s condensed interim financial statements which was subject to review by the
external auditors. Further details are contained within Note 3 of the Group’s condensed interim financial statements
