                                 BE I J I NG E N T E R PR ISE S HOL DI NGS L I M I T E D
                                                                                           BEIJING ENTERPRISES
北 京控 股有限公司                                                                                 HOLDINGS LIMITED
股份代號 : 00392.HK                                                                            Stock Code : 00392.HK




                           北京控股有限公司




                           Interim Report 2026 中 期 報告
                    中期報告                                                                                           Interim Report


                  2026                                                                                             2026
CONTENTS

2    I.    Information about the Company
5    II. Information about the Group
9    III. Highlights during the First Half of the Year
10   IV. Summary of Financial Results
11   V.    Summary of Operational Performance
12   VI. Interim Dividend
13   VII. Chairman's Statement
17   VIII. Management Discussion and Analysis
33   IX. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
33         (I)   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
34         (II)  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
35         (III) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
37         (IV) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
39         (V)   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
41         (VI) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
62   X. Other Financial Information
63   XI. Corporate Governance Code
64   XII. Other Information of the Company
68   XIII. Glossary
I. INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY



DIRECTORS                                        STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                              Mr. XIONG Bin (Committee Chairman)
Mr. YANG Zhichang (Chairman of the Board)        Mr. XU Tong
Mr. XIONG Bin                                    Mr. TUNG Woon Cheung Eric
Mr. XU Tong                                      Mr. LAM Hoi Ham
Mr. GENG Chao                                    Ms. CHAN Man Ki Maggie
Mr. TUNG Woon Cheung Eric
                                                 RULE OF LAW AND COMPLIANCE
Non-executive Directors                          COMMITTEE
Mr. YU Xijian                                    Mr. XIONG Bin (Committee Chairman)
Mr. SU Junjie                                    Mr. GENG Chao
                                                 Mr. TUNG Woon Cheung Eric
Independent Non-executive Directors              Mr. SU Junjie
Mr. WU Jiesi                                     Ms. CHAN Man Ki Maggie
Mr. LAM Hoi Ham
Dr. YU Sun Say                                   SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
Ms. CHAN Man Ki Maggie                           Mr. XIONG Bin (Committee Chairman)
                                                 Mr. TUNG Woon Cheung Eric
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                  Mr. YU Xijian
Mr. WU Jiesi                                     Mr. SU Junjie
Mr. LAM Hoi Ham (Committee Chairman)             Mr. WU Jiesi
Dr. YU Sun Say
                                                 COMPANY SECRETARY
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                           Mr. TUNG Woon Cheung Eric
Mr. XIONG Bin
Mr. WU Jiesi (Committee Chairman)                STOCK CODE
Mr. LAM Hoi Ham                                  00392.HK

NOMINATION AND GOVERNANCE                        SHARE REGISTRAR
COMMITTEE                                        Tricor Investor Services Limited
Mr. YANG Zhichang (Committee Chairman)           17/F, Far East Finance Centre,
Dr. YU Sun Say                                   16 Harcourt Road,
Ms. CHAN Man Ki Maggie                           Hong Kong




02        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
I. INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY



HONG KONG OFFICE (REGISTERED OFFICE)
66/F., Central Plaza,
18 Harbour Road,
Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel: +852 2915 2898
Fax: +852 2857 5084

BEIJING OFFICE
10th Floor, Building 2,
BG Sci-Tech Innovation Park,
59 Huagong Road,
Chaoyang, Beijing
Tel: +86 10 8587 9099
Fax: +86 10 8587 9100

WEBSITE
www.behl.com.hk

AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

LEGAL ADVISERS
Hong Kong Law
Johnson Stokes & Master


PRC Law
East & Concord Partners




                                            BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED    03
                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
I. INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY



COMPANY PROFILE
BEHL is listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00392.HK) and is controlled by SASAC of
Beijing Municipality through BE Group. It is one of its largest overseas investment and financing flagship enterprise.

Established in 1997, the Company has consistently gained the attention and support of the capital market by virtue of its
strengths and strong background support. On the day of its listing, the Company set several records on Hong Kong Stock
Exchange in terms of the amount of funds raised from initial public offering, the price-earning multiples, and the over-
subscription multiples. After undergoing a series of reforms such as restructuring, transformation and resources integration,
the Company has successfully transformed into an integrated urban public utility company underpinned by gas, water and
environmental sectors as well as the related upstream and downstream investment as the principal businesses, with the
beer business as a complementary, forming a collaborative development layout. Member enterprises are all taking leading
position of the industry or the region, and have a strong influence on the market, ecology and development of related
industries.

The Company is currently included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index, Hang Seng
Composite Index, Hang Seng SCHK Index, Hang Seng SCHK High Dividend Yield Index, Hang Seng SCHK SOEs High
Dividend Yield ESG Index and Hang Seng High Dividend Yield Index. In terms of credit rating, the Company obtained a
domestic rating of AAA from CCXI, the overseas ratings of A- from Fitch Ratings and Baa1 from Moody’s Investors Service,
all of which are high investment ratings.

In the future, BEHL will join hands with BE Group to serve the national carbon peak and carbon neutral strategy, facilitate
sustainable urban development, and focus on key drivers of modern urban construction by aligning with national strategic
needs, with targeted investment in public services, infrastructure development, ecological and environmental protection,
improvement of people’s livelihood and strategic emerging industries, and promote equal access to public services and
infrastructure connectivity, striving to provide domestic leading and international first-class modern urban integrated
services to make cities better.

BUSINESS LAYOUT
To effectively improve its corporate governance standards, increase its exclusive financing channels, and independently
reflect its corporate value, the Company adopts the business layout structure of “single business, separate listing” for its
principal business, and gives full play to the independent advantages of every business platform through the exclusive listed
companies of each business segment.

The main business platform companies held by the Company are leading enterprises in various industries, among which:

Beijing Gas: The largest single city gas transmission and distribution enterprise in China;

China Gas (Stock Code: 00384.HK): One of the largest trans-regional, integrated energy suppliers and service providers in
China;

BE Water (Stock Code: 00371.HK): The largest integrated water company in China, topped the list of China’s Top Ten
Influential Enterprises in the Water Industry for 16 consecutive years;

BE Environment (Stock Code: 00154.HK): One of the large solid waste treatment enterprises in China;

EEW GmbH: Germany’s largest and Europe’s leading waste-to-energy company;

Yanjing Brewery (Stock Code: 000729.SZ): Ranking among China’s top three beer brands.




04         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP



(I)   SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE
      As at 30 June 2026




             Beijing Enterprises Group Company Limited                                             Other entities, most of which are under the
                                                                                                       control of the PRC Government
                                                              72.72%                          27.28%


                                                             Beijing Enterprises Investments Limited                             Public Investors

                     41.26%                                                   20.97%                                                37.77%




                                          Beijing Enterprises Holdings Limited # Stock Code: 00392.HK



                                                                                            79.77%
            100%                                                                                         Yanjing Investments
                       Beijing Gas
                                                                                                       57.40%

                                                                                                         Yanjing Brewery T
                     66.37%          Blue Sky #                                                          Stock Code: 000729.SZ
                                     Stock Code: 06828.HK


                                                                                                       50.08%
                                                                                                                      Yanjing Huiquan*
                     40%             PipeChina Beijing                                                                Stock Code: 600573.SH
                                     Pipeline Co.

                                                                                            50.40%       BE Environment #
                     20%              Overseas Oil and                                                   Stock Code: 00154.HK
                                      Gas Field Project
                                                                                            100%
                                                                                                         EEW GmbH
            23.54%     China Gas #
                       Stock Code: 00384.HK




            41.13%     BE Water #
                       Stock Code: 00371.HK




                     41.56%
                                      BE Urban Resources #
                                      Stock Code: 03718.HK




      *    Listed on The Shanghai Stock Exchange
      T
           Listed on The Shenzhen Stock Exchange
      #
           Listed on The Main Board of The Hong Kong Stock Exchange




                                                                                                   BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED             05
                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP



(II) BUSINESS SEGMENTS
     1.     Gas Business
            The business scope of gas business encompasses natural gas storage, transmission and sales, as well as urban
            gas pipeline construction and management, gas for vehicles and vessels and refuelling stations, distributed
            energy, liquefied petroleum gas, new energy-related technology and product development, natural gas trade
            and value-added services, etc., with operations spanning upstream resources, midstream transmission and
            downstream market applications, achieving full industrial chain development. The Group has achieved annual
            gas sales volume of more than 65 billion cubic meters, possesses a total gas pipeline network of approximately
            600,000 kilometers, and serves over 57 million gas customers. The main enterprises under the Group include
            Beijing Gas and China Gas.

            The Company completed the acquisition of Beijing Gas in 2007 and established the main business framework
            with city gas as the core. Beijing Gas mainly serves the supply and sales of natural gas in Beijing and its
            peripheral urban areas. It is the largest single city gas supplier in China’s urban gas industry, with the scale
            of pipeline network, the number of gas users, the annual gas consumption and the annual sales revenue all
            ranking among the top in China. At the same time, it is also an enterprise with cumulative natural gas supply
            exceeding 100 billion cubic meters, annual gas supply exceeding 10 billion cubic meters, and daily gas supply
            exceeding 100 million cubic meters. While maintaining the steady development of its natural gas distribution
            business, Beijing Gas has also been accelerating its presence in the LNG sector. Leveraging the Tianjin
            Nangang LNG project, the Company is building an integrated industrial chain covering “trading-processing
            sales”. This project features the largest onshore LNG film storage tanks in the world, the first of their kind
            to be constructed in China, and represents the receiving terminal with the storage and outward transmission
            capacity ranking high among all operational terminals in China. Furthermore, Beijing Gas continues to expand
            into the midstream and upstream segments of the industrial chain. In terms of the midstream sector, Beijing
            Gas holds 40% equity interest in PipeChina Beijing Pipeline Co., which is primarily engaged in the natural gas
            transmission business and owns and operates the Shaanxi-Beijing Natural Gas Pipeline Lines 1 to 4. In terms
            of the upstream sector, Beijing Gas participates in overseas oil and gas resource-related projects through equity
            investments, further extending its business value chain.

            The Company invested in China Gas in 2013 and achieved a nationwide layout of gas business. China Gas
            operates under a diversified development structure with focus on pipeline natural gas business, while also
            encompassing liquefied petroleum gas, liquefied natural gas, smart energy services, gas equipment and
            kitchen utensils, grid-based new retail in the private domain backed by stores. As of 31 March 2026, China
            Gas acquired 662 franchised pipeline gas projects in 30 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions
            in China, and owned 32 long-distance natural gas pipelines, 484 compressed/liquefied natural gas refueling
            stations for vehicles and vessels, one coal-bed methane development project and 128 liquefied petroleum gas
            distribution projects.




06        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP



  2.   Water Business
       The water business is operated by BE Water. Established in 2008, BE Water is a flagship enterprise focusing
       on water recycling and water-related environmental protection, integrating industrial investment, design,
       construction, operation, technical services and capital operation. With urban water supply and sewage
       treatment business as its main core, its scale of water treatment excelled the market in China and is currently
       the largest domestic integrated water company and has topped the list of the Top 10 Influential companies in
       the Chinese Water Industry for 16 consecutive years.

       As of 30 June 2026, BE Water has entered into service concession arrangements and entrustment agreements
       for a total of 1,210 water treatment plants and rural sewage treatment facilities, with a total design capacity
       of approximately 42.566 million tons/day. Its service coverage spans 20 provinces, 5 autonomous regions, and
       4 municipalities directly under the Central Government across Chinese Mainland, as well as overseas markets
       including Portugal, Singapore, Australia, and Saudi Arabia.


  3.   Environmental Business
       The business scope of the environmental business covers household waste incineration and power generation,
       hazardous and medical waste treatment, sludge disposal and garbage collection and transportation, possessing
       the world’s leading waste incineration technology and project management standard. As of 30 June 2026,
       the Group has a total of 33 solid waste treatment projects in operation and under construction, with 16 in
       Chinese Mainland and 17 in Europe. The total domestic and overseas waste incineration and power generation
       treatment capacity reaches 35,944 tons/day. The main enterprises include BE Environment and BEHET,
       which are based in China, and EEW GmbH, an overseas company headquartered in Germany.

       BE Environment is a professional platform engaged in investment, construction and operation in the field of
       solid waste through capital operation, asset integration and investment operation. BEHET is an enterprise
       focusing on the development of environmental protection segments such as municipal solid waste, industrial
       hazardous waste, medical waste, construction waste disposal and ecological environment treatment and
       restoration.

       EEW GmbH, which was wholly acquired by the Company in 2016, is a German enterprise focusing on waste-
       to-energy utilization, with its main business in waste incineration and power generation, steam supply and
       district heating. At present, its market share ranks first in Germany, and has 17 waste-to-energy utilization
       plants with world’s first-class technology and equipment in Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. As a
       leading enterprise in waste incineration and power generation in Germany, EEW GmbH represents the world’s
       first-class standard in terms of equipment standards, operational efficiency, technical level and emission
       indicators.




                                                                    BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          07
                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP



     4.     Beer Business
            The beer business constitutes an important part of the value investment strategy of BEHL, and is operated by
            Yanjing Brewery, with its business scope covers the production and sales of beer and beverage products. As a
            large brewery conglomerate in China and one of the major beer manufacturers in Asia, Yanjing Brewery boasts
            an annual beer sales volume of over 4 million kiloliters, and operates over 30 production bases in China, and
            owns renowned domestic beer brands such as Liquan, Huiquan and Xuelu. Yanjing Brewery, with a strong
            commitment to quality, continues to advance its bulk single product strategy, forming a matrix of nationwide
            bulk single product represented by Yanjing U8, Yanjing V10, Fresh Beer 2022, and New Refreshing, alongside
            a matrix of differentiated and distinctive single product matrix represented by U8 plus, Alcohol-free White Beer
            and others. Additionally, Yanjing Brewery has launched Yanjing Lionk, an independent craft beer brand, and
            Yanjing A10, a new premium all-malt product, to meet diverse consumer demands. In 2025, Yanjing Brewery
            initiated and implemented the “Beer + Beverage” dualwheel drive strategy to further expand its product matrix
            beyond beer, optimize coverage across consumption scenarios and achieve full consumer penetration and full-
            time market reach, so as to drive new growth opportunities and enhance market expansion.




08        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
III. HIGHLIGHTS DURING THE FIRST HALF OF THE YEAR



For the first half of 2026 (the “First Half of the Year”), the company adhered to the principle of seeking progress while
maintaining stability, improving quality and efficiency, actively responded to diverse changes in both internal and external
environment, and continued to improve operational efficiency, market expansion and financial management capabilities
focusing on its main business of comprehensive public utilities, promoting the steady and positive development of its main
business segments. The key highlights are as follows:

(I)   BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
      •      Beijing Gas continued to consolidate its main business of gas distribution in the capital city while
             strengthening market expansion. By issuing RMB bonds to refinance existing high-interest loans, it has
             reduced costs and increased efficiency. Profit from operating activities increased year-on-year, showing a
             stabilized momentum, thereby effectively maintaining the foundation for the corporate development.

      •      BE Water ranked first among the “Top 10 Most Influential Companies in China’s Water Industry” for the
             16th consecutive year and maintained a sustained improvement in free cash flow. Its process AI drives a
             comprehensive shift of the operational mode towards an upgrade featured by “data-driven, model-driven, and
             edge-cloud collaboration”.

      •      BE Environment has offset industry pressure through diversified business expansion and refined operations.
             Among which contributions from sludge co-processing, heat and steam supply, and leachate treatment
             continued to improve, effectively driving the transformation of existing waste incineration projects from
             a revenue model based solely on waste treatment services toward one based on integrated energy and
             environmental services.

      •      EEW GmbH optimizes contract structure and energy sales arrangements amid the fluctuating energy prices in
             Europe. Both solid waste treatment volume and energy sales volume increased, with further enhanced revenue
             stability. Projects including the expansion of waste-to-energy plants, flue gas purification, sludge incineration,
             and battery energy storage are progressing in an orderly manner, providing robust support for medium and long-
             term revenue growth.

      •      Yanjing Brewery continues to unleash the effectiveness of its flagship product strategy, with Yanjing U8
             maintaining rapid growth, and its new premium all-malt product Yanjing A10 was successfully launched.
             Working in synergy, these two flagship products drive the deepening of the premiumization and rejuvenation
             market strategy with the further optimization of product mix.

(II) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
      •      In the First Half of the Year, we successfully achieved the positive conversion to net current assets through
             continuous debt replacement, while effectively balancing cost control and structural optimization, and
             has reduced the headquarters’ financial expenses by over RMB50.00 million year-on-year, demonstrating
             significant results in financial management.




                                                                            BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          09
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
IV. SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL RESULTS



Contributions by each business segment of the Group for the First Half of the Year are set out as follows:

                                                  Revenue                              Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company
                           Mid-2026      Mid-2025          Increase/(decrease)      Mid-2026         Mid-2025           Increase/(decrease)
                             RMB in        RMB in         RMB in                      RMB in           RMB in          RMB in
                          100 million   100 million 100 million                %   100 million 100 million 100 million                      %

Gas operation                322.74        325.64           (2.90)      –0.89%          30.14           28.48           1.66          5.83%
 Gross profit margin         7.50%         7.76%                        –0.26%

Water operation                    –              –                                      2.83            3.69           (0.86)     –23.31%

Environmental operation        49.80         45.30           4.50        9.93%           3.79            4.11           (0.32)       –7.79%
 Gross profit margin         24.86%        25.25%                       –0.39%

Brewery operation              77.18         73.94           3.24        4.38%           6.73            5.74           0.99         17.25%
 Gross profit margin         46.44%        43.64%                        2.80%

Others                          0.33          0.41          (0.08)     –19.51%           0.20            0.28           (0.08)     –28.57%


Operating performance         450.05        445.29           4.76        1.07%          43.69           42.30           1.39          3.29%
 Gross profit margin         16.14%        15.55%                        0.59%


Others                                                                                   (8.29)         (8.26)          (0.03)       –0.36%


Total                                                                                   35.40           34.04           1.36          4.00%




10           BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
             INTERIM REPORT 2026
V. SUMMARY OF OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE



The key operating data of each business segment for the First Half of the Year are as follows:

                                                          Unit                       2026            2025           Change


(1)   Gas Business
      1. Natural gas sales volume of
              Beijing Gas                        100 million cubic meters           123.9            125.7           –1.4%
           Including:
              Pipeline gas sales volume in
                 Beijing                         100 million cubic meters            91.5             91.9           –0.5%
              LNG distribution volume            100 million cubic meters            19.6             17.4           12.4%
              LNG international trade volume     100 million cubic meters             7.5              9.9          –24.1%
            Total Shaanxi-Beijing Line Gas
              Transmission Volume                100 million cubic meters             502            497.8           0.9%
            Oil sales volume of Overseas Oil
              and Gas Field Project                     Million tons                 2.75             2.71           1.5%
      2. Natural gas sales volume of
              China Gas                          100 million cubic meters           240.2            228.3           5.2%

(2)   Water Business (BE Water)
      Sewage and reclaimed water
         treatment volume                               Million tons              3,096.1         3,014.4             2.7%
      Water supply volume                               Million tons              1,113.9         1,180.9            –5.7%
      Total design treatment capacity as of
         the end of the interim period               Million tons/day               42.57            43.30           –1.7%
      Total operating capacity as of the end
         of the interim period                       Million tons/day               34.28            33.79           1.5%




                                                                            BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED       11
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
V. SUMMARY OF OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE



                                                       Unit                   2026            2025          Change


(3)   Environmental Business
      1. BE Environment/BEHET
           Domestic waste treatment volume          Million tons               3.85            3.73           3.1%
           Domestic on-grid power
              generation volume                         GWh                   1,203           1,162           3.5%
      2. EEW GmbH
           Waste treatment volume                   Million tons               2.61            2.52           3.5%
           Electricity sales volume                    GWh                    1,012             890          13.7%
           Heat sales volume                           GWh                      655             587          11.6%
           Steam sales volume                          GWh                    1,178           1,209          –2.5%

      Domestic and overseas total waste
        incineration and power generation
        treatment capacity                            Tons/day              35,944          35,547            1.1%

(4)   Beer Business (Yanjing Brewery)
      Total sales volume of beer                  Million kiloliters          2.427           2.352           3.2%


VI. INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board has resolved to declare an interim dividend for the year 2026 of HK$0.85 (the “Interim Dividend”) (2025:
HK$0.85). The dividend will be paid on 30 October 2026 to Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members
of the Company as at 16 September 2026.




12         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
VII. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



CONSOLIDATING THE FOUNDATION AND
ADVANCING WITH STABILITY, PURSUING
PRAGMATICALLY AND PROGRESSIVELY
Dear Shareholders,

In the first half of 2026, the international environment was marked by intertwined turbulence and changes as geopolitical
rivalry and supply-chain restructuring continued to weigh on global markets with complex disruptions. Bolstered by its
ultra-sized domestic market, complete industrial system, and a suite of forward-looking macro policies, China’s economy
effectively withstood external shocks and sustained an overall stable trajectory, marched toward new drivers and higher
quality and demonstrated strong economic resilience in fostering new quality productive forces and advancing high-quality
development.

Against this backdrop, BEHL has remained deeply rooted in the public utilities and infrastructure sectors, demonstrating
irreplaceable foundational support value in safeguarding people’s livelihoods and public services, advancing the green and
low-carbon transition of cities, and ensuring the security of energy and infrastructure.

RESULTS REVIEW
In the first half of the year, by adhering to the business principle of consolidating the foundation and advancing with
stability, and pursuing pragmatically and progressively, the Group maintained sound and steady overall operations. We
achieved a revenue of approximately RMB45.005 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.1%. Profit attributable
to shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB3.540 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4%.
These results fully demonstrate the fruitful outcomes of consolidating our business fundamentals and pursuing development
with pragmatism.

Consolidating our business foundation and safeguarding operational stability. In the first half of the year, amid ongoing
external changes and various headwinds, the Group remained anchored in strengthening fundamentals and reinforcing core
capabilities, with all business operations maintaining stable and orderly performance. Specifically in the gas distribution
business, in a complex and downward-pressure operating environment, Beijing Gas achieved a natural gas sales volume
that was broadly flat compared with the same period last year, while China Gas recorded year-on-year growth in natural gas
sales volume. BE Water’s core water supply, sewage, and reclaimed water treatment businesses sustained a sound growth
momentum. Both domestic and overseas solid waste businesses posted steady year-on-year increases in metrics, including
waste treatment volume and on-grid power generation volume. The beer business continued its growth trajectory in sales
volume, fully reflecting the Group’s pragmatic and pioneering development achievements.




                                                                          BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED         13
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026
VII. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Deepening value-driven operations and demonstrating resilient returns. In the first half of the year, profit attributable to
shareholders of the Company increased by 4% year-on-year, fully demonstrating BEHL’s strength in staying rooted in its
core businesses and delivering sustainable, stable returns to shareholders and investors. Among these, Beijing Gas has
steadily advanced its natural gas trading, integrated energy services, and overseas market expansion, further enhancing
its business resilience, with operating profit increasing by 4.6% year-on-year, continuing to serve as a “ballast” in terms
of performance. Profit attributable to shareholders, contributed by Yanjing Brewery, maintained rapid growth, reaching
17.25%, and emerged as a highlight of value creation. The solid foundations and steady improvement of these two business
segments have effectively offset the performance pressure from the water business segment, once again highlighting BEHL’s
outstanding strengths of a resilient business portfolio and a solid operational foundation.

Strengthening operational management to drive quality and efficiency improvements. Beijing Gas achieved cost reduction
and efficiency improvement through debt structure optimization. China Gas enhanced gas source optimisation and cost
control, lifting the comprehensive dollar margin by RMB0.02 per cubic meter year-on-year, representing an increase of
4.7%. BE Water prioritised accounts receivable collection and asset quality improvement, recording a net inflow of free
cash flow of approximately RMB1.1 billion in the first half of the year. BE Environment continued to refine its sophisticated
operational performance, with further improvements in key metrics, including power generation per tonne of waste fed into
incinerators, comprehensive auxiliary power consumption rate of plants, and power consumption per tonne of waste. EEW
in Germany optimised its contract structure and energy sales arrangements, recording a 3.5% year-on-year growth in waste
processing volumes and a 13.7% year-on-year growth in electricity sales. Yanjing Brewery leveraged the development of an
excellent management mechanism, conducting regular selection, documentation and roll-out of best production practices,
with its beer production cost fell by RMB114 per kilolitre in the first half of the year, and its efficiency-related KPIs
recorded an overall year-on-year improvement of 21.9%. Its high-end product strategy continued to deliver results, driving a
substantial increase in the profit growth rate.

Consolidating the foundation for development and pursuing pragmatic iterative upgrading. Building on solid operational
quality and efficiency, the Group has pragmatically advanced the high-end, smart, and green transformation of its
businesses. Beijing Gas has deployed integrated energy services and fostered digitalisation of natural gas trading. Leveraging
AI to empower its core businesses and aligning with the dual-carbon strategy, China Gas provides customers with products
such as green steam and zero-carbon gas. It has also integrated energy storage and distributed photovoltaics to build a
multi-energy complementary ecosystem. BE Water has reconstructed its operations with AI, shifting toward data-driven
management and edge-cloud collaboration. BE Environment is transforming into an integrated environmental and energy
service provider. EEW in Germany has built smart power plants and enhanced carbon asset management capabilities.
Yanjing Brewery sustained the growth of its U8 product and newly launched its high-end product A10. These pragmatic
upgrading initiatives have further consolidated the core competitiveness of each business segment.




14         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
VII. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIES
In the second half of 2026, the pressure and challenges posed by the complexity and uncertainty of the external
environment will remain acute, and there is also a possibility of short-term fluctuations in the domestic economic growth
rate. However, we also recognise that the favourable conditions supporting the stable operation of China’s economy still
outweigh the unfavourable factors, and the long-term trend of improvement and optimisation remains intact. Based on this
fundamental judgment, the management team of BEHL is confident in taking proactive and vigorous measures to seize
opportunities, meet challenges, mitigate risks, address structural imbalances, and strive to achieve healthy, sustainable and
stable growth in performance. To achieve the above goals, the Group will focus on advancing the following key initiatives:

Focusing on core responsibilities and main businesses to further enhance operational quality and efficiency. We will
continue to expand the gas operations market, consolidate the advantages of its traditional urban gas business, accelerate
the growth of its natural gas trading business, and drive new breakthroughs in the performance of the Nangang project.
Furthermore, we will step up our efforts to improve our balance sheet in relation to the water business by focusing on
receivables collection and cash flow improvement. We will continue to make every effort to ensure the expansion of
production capacity in the domestic solid waste business, expand the diversified operations model, and deepen cost
reduction and efficiency enhancement. EEW GmbH will strengthen market development and price management, and
accelerate the commissioning of key projects while unfolding their benefits. Yanjing Brewery will continue to optimise its
best-practice operating system, expand the coverage of high-quality case implementations, strengthen market management,
and improve procurement and supply chain management.

Strengthening technological innovation to accelerate the incubation and expansion of new quality productive forces. We will
improve the innovation management mechanism, deepen industry-academia-research collaboration and the construction
of scientific and technological innovation platforms, enhance cooperation with universities and research institutes, and
expedite product and technological innovation. We will propel the integration of technological innovation with industrial
innovation to accelerate the incubation of new quality productive forces. We will continue to deepen the application of
artificial intelligence (AI), further expand application scenarios, increase the intensity and breadth of AI empowerment
in industrial development, consistently enhance the Group’s competitiveness, and consolidate and strengthen its leading
position in the industry.

Emphasising value creation to facilitate quality and efficiency improvements in assets and businesses. We will closely
monitor domestic and international monetary policies and capital market trends, constantly optimise the financing structure
of the Company and its subsidiaries, and reduce financial expenses and administrative costs. Enhancing the quality and
profitability of assets across all business segments is regarded as a crucial initiative to bolster the Company’s value creation
capability. This includes: advancing the rectification of loss-making enterprises, phasing out inefficient and non-performing
assets, divesting non-core and non-competitive businesses, and adopting multiple measures to improve asset quality and
capital return levels.




                                                                             BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          15
                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026
VII. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Intensifying management enhancement to stimulate vibrancy and efficiency in business management. In accordance with
the requirements of state-owned asset supervision and administration and the relevant rules for listed companies, we will
continue to improve our corporate governance standards. We will further advance various reform measures in a deep and
pragmatic manner to eliminate institutional obstacles, and continue to refine differentiated control measures for member
enterprises, optimise the management systems for delegation of authority, decision-making, and assessment and evaluation
to stimulate the vitality and momentum for high-quality development of member enterprises.

Implementing compliance supervision to prevent and mitigate various risks. We will strengthen investment control and
improve investment risk assessment and decision-making risk prevention and control management. We will enhance
financial and capital risk management for BEHL and its member enterprises, fully leverage our information technology and
digital monitoring capabilities to strengthen the tracking of major risks. We will strengthen compliance management to guard
against legal and compliance risks, as well as enhance safety production management and resolutely prevent major safety
accidents.

The year 2026 marks the inaugural year of the 15th Five-Year Plan period. Standing at this momentous threshold, the
management of BEHL deeply feels the significant responsibilities it bears. We will continue to uphold the philosophy of
consolidating foundations for steady progress and pursuing pragmatic advancement, and we look forward to fostering steady
growth together with our shareholders and investors. Throughout this process, we will adopt a more proactive and pragmatic
attitude to strive for more robust and superior performance in order to reward our shareholders and investors.




                                                                                                            YANG Zhichang
                                                                                                                Chairman

                                                                                                                Hong Kong
                                                                                                           27 August 2026




16         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(I)   BUSINESS REVIEW
      1.   Overview
           In the first half of the year, the Company continued to advance its Four Strongholds strategic deployment in
           “business layout, value creation, mechanism reform and talent pooling” by focusing on its principal business
           of integrated public utilities and adhering to high-quality development as its core principle, while continuously
           enhancing the core competitiveness of its traditional principal business. While consolidating its principal
           businesses, the Company expedited the cultivation of new quality productive forces, reinforced science and
           technology innovation-driven development, and actively facilitated the layout of emerging businesses and the
           construction of science and technology innovation platforms, further enhancing its market competitiveness
           and sustainable development capabilities. Facing the complicated and volatile external environment and
           industry challenges, the Company adhered to refined operational management and high-standard risk
           prevention and control. Through improving the lean management system and optimizing asset structure, the
           Company effectively promoted key tasks such as cost reduction and efficiency improvement, receivables
           collection and loss-making business management. Key operational and financial indicators achieved phasal
           goals, with operational quality and profitability steadily improving. In addition, the Company constantly
           improves its financing structure and strengthens capital management to enhance capital utilization efficiency,
           further solidifying the foundation for financial stability.


      2.   Gas Business
           (1)  Natural Gas Distribution Business
                 In the first half of the year, Beijing Gas continued to consolidate its core business of natural gas
                 distribution, actively fulfilled its responsibilities for ensuring energy security in the capital, and
                 strengthened its capabilities in gas source coordination, pipeline operation, safety management, and
                 customer service. Meanwhile, Beijing Gas steadily expanded its customer base across the residential,
                 commercial and industrial, and heating and cooling segments, while actively optimizing its market
                 expansion strategies in light of the needs of different regional markets and the characteristics of
                 individual projects, thereby supporting the steady development of its natural gas distribution business.

                 As of 30 June 2026, Beijing Gas had a total of about 7.69 million pipeline gas users in Beijing and
                 operated a total length of the natural gas pipelines of about 30,200 kilometers. In the first half of the
                 year, Beijing Gas developed approximately 57,200 new household subscribers, 756 new public sector
                 subscribers and 246 t/h of heating and cooling subscribers in Beijing.

                 In terms of natural gas sales volume, Beijing Gas’ combined natural gas sales volume was 12.39 billion
                 cubic metres, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.4%. Among which, pipeline gas sales volume in
                 Beijing was 9.15 billion cubic metres, remaining largely par year-on-year.




                                                                         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          17
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



             An analysis of the natural gas sales volume accomplished inside Beijing by subscriber sector is shown
             as follows:




                             7%
                      2%
                 4%
                                                                                            Power Plants

                10%
                                                                                            Heating

                                                                            43%             Resident

                                                                                            Commercial

                                                                                            Industrial
                34%
                                                                                            Wholesale and Others




       (2)   LNG Business
             In the first half of the year, Beijing Gas actively and prudently advanced the development of the
             LNG business, continuously optimised domestic and international resource deployment as well as
             procurement-sales strategies, and enhanced the operational efficiency and risk-resilience. On the
             upstream side, Beijing Gas closely monitored changes in the international market, dynamically carried
             out international resource procurement and trading activities, and promoted the orderly growth of
             natural gas trading volume. On the downstream side, leveraging the Tianjin Nangang project, Beijing
             Gas continued to improve the diversified sales system of “gas + liquid” products, expanded customer
             resources across North China and nationwide, and fostered the synergistic development of domestic
             distribution, toll-processing and bonded warehousing businesses.

             Meanwhile, Beijing Gas continued to improve the operational standard of the Tianjin Nangang project,
             strengthened inventory management and customer service capabilities, and proactively expanded the
             LNG toll-processing business. It also enhanced warehousing and supporting service capabilities by
             virtue of its bonded warehouse qualifications. As sales along the outbound transmission pipelines of the
             Tianjin Nangang project, toll-processing services and bonded warehousing businesses were gradually
             built up, the comprehensive service capacity and strategic supporting role of Beijing Gas’ LNG business
             have been further strengthened.




18   BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    (3)   Natural Gas Transmission Business
          In the first half of the year, Beijing Pipeline Co., in which Beijing Gas holds an equity interest, achieved
          a gas transmission volume of 50.2 billion cubic meters, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.9%.

    (4)   Overseas Oil and Gas Field Project
          In the first half of the year, the overseas oil and gas field project in which Beijing Gas holds an equity
          interest, recorded petroleum sales of 2.75 million tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.5%.

    (5)   China Gas
          China Gas, in which the Company holds an equity interest, adhered to the philosophy of “digital
          intelligence-driven and strategic restructuring”, prioritized safety management as its core mission,
          deeply embedded digital tools across core operations, and continuously reinforced its competitive moat.

          In terms of natural gas business, focusing on key priorities such as “passing through cost increases
          to optimize margins and reducing costs to enhance efficiency”, China Gas provided strong support for
          improving the quality and effectiveness of its operations. For the six months ended 31 March 2026,
          natural gas sales volume was 24.02 billion cubic meters, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.2%.
          Among which, sales through urban and township pipeline networks amounted to 14.28 billion cubic
          meters, an increase of 0.6% year-on-year, while trading and direct supply pipeline sales were 9.74
          billion cubic meters, an increase of 12.7% year-on-year.

          In terms of pricing linkage, 26 provinces/municipalities/autonomous regions had successively issued
          policies on natural gas upstream and downstream pricing linkage. China Gas achieved a total of
          approximately 76.3% in residential gas volume price pass-through rate. Benefiting from cost control
          and gas source structure optimization, the comprehensive dollar margin was RMB0.53 per cubic meter,
          representing a year-on-year increase of RMB0.02 per cubic meter, or 4.7%.

          In terms of LPG business, China Gas achieved substantive breakthroughs in international trade by
          restructuring its team and risk control framework, which drove an increase in gross profit from import
          distribution. Concurrently, it advanced the marketization and digital synergy of its storage and logistics
          operations. Leveraging digital controls and asset-light integration, the Company achieved refined
          terminal management and high-quality development.




                                                                   BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          19
                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                  In terms of value-added service business, artificial intelligence has been fully deployed across all
                  operational touch points of value-added service, spanning smart marketing, store management, product
                  upgrading, and customer service, driving a dual improvement in both digitalization of consumption
                  scenarios and operational efficiency.

                  In terms of integrated energy business, closely aligned with the national “Dual Carbon” strategy, China
                  Gas leverages advanced biomass pyrolysis poly-generation technology as its core to supply industrial
                  customers with high-value-added products, including green steam, zero-carbon gas, and biocharcoal.
                  With a cumulative contracted capacity of 9.66 million tons per annum, it is committed to building a
                  differentiated competitive edge in the field of green industrial energy.

                  In terms of grid-side energy storage, as a core pillar of its power and new energy business, combined
                  with energy storage on industrial and commercial users’ side, China Gas has pursued horizontal
                  integration across distributed photovoltaic, charging piles, energy-saving services, and other businesses
                  to build a multi-energy complementary synergistic ecosystem. The total contracted scale of energy
                  storage projects stood at 3.8GWh.


     3.     Water Business
            In the first half of the year, BE Water continued to focus on accounts receivable collection, and prioritised
            the disposal of inefficient water-environment-related assets, facilitating the continuous preservation and
            appreciation of strategic investment assets. In terms of cost control, BE Water reduced its financing costs and
            management fees, enhanced production efficiency, with the financial costs decreased by over RMB90 million
            year-on-year.

            BE Water has ranked first among the “Top 10 Most Influential Companies in China’s Water Industry” for the
            16th consecutive year, and has been included in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition)
            for the 4th consecutive year, and once again received the accolade of “Industry Mover”, thereby further
            consolidating its leading position in the industry.

            As of 30 June 2026, BE Water has entered into service concession arrangements and entrustment agreements
            for a total of 1,210 water treatment plants and rural sewage treatment facilities, including 966 sewage
            treatment plants and rural sewage treatment facilities, 169 water supply plants, 74 reclaimed water treatment
            plants, and 1 seawater desalination plant, of which 1,052 were in operation. The total design capacity was
            42.566 million tons/day, and the operational capacity was 34.276 million tons/day, including the total design
            capacity of new projects of 244,138 tons/day during the first half of the year.




20        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



  4.   Environmental Business
       The environmental business segment of the Company includes BE Environment and BEHET in China, and
       EEW GmbH overseas.

       The domestic environmental business adheres to the business philosophy of pursuing progress while
       ensuring stability and improving quality and efficiency. It continuously enhances refined operation standards,
       proactively expands diversified businesses including sludge co-processing, heat and steam supply, and
       leachate treatment, addresses the operating pressures arising from sluggish growth in waste volume and
       changes in subsidy policies, and improves the overall profitability of projects. In the first half year, the volume
       of sludge collaborative treatment reached 617,000 tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.1%; and
       steam supply reached 262,000 tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 41.0%. In addition, domestic
       projects continued to strengthen management of production operations, environmental protection materials,
       energy consumption, maintenance and repairs, and advanced the implementation of technical renovation,
       energy-saving and consumption-reduction measures. Key operating indicators such as power generation
       per tonne of waste fed into incinerators and comprehensive auxiliary power consumption rate continued to
       improve, further enhancing project operational efficiency and cost-control capability.

       As of 30 June 2026, the Group had a total of 33 solid waste treatment projects which are all in operation.
       Of which, 16 projects were in China, and 17 projects in Europe. Total treatment capacity for solid waste
       incineration and power generation stood at 35,944 tons/day, of which, 21,255 tons/day were in China, and
       14,689 tons/day in Europe.

       During the first half of the year, the Group completed solid waste treatment volume of 6.45 million tons,
       representing a year-on-year growth of 3.3%. Among which, domestic solid waste treatment volume was 3.85
       million tons, representing a year-on-year growth of 3.1%; solid waste treatment volume in Europe was 2.61
       million tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.5%; domestic on-grid power generation volume of
       1,203 GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.5%.

       With respect to overseas operations, the business of EEW GmbH covers Germany, the Netherlands, and
       Luxembourg. In the first half of the year, EEW GmbH continued to consolidate its core business of energy-
       from-waste in markets including Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. It proactively coped with
       fluctuations in European solid waste resources and energy prices, and enhanced operational resilience
       and revenue predictability by reinforcing key-customer relationship management, raising the proportion of
       volume secured under long-term contracts and optimising energy sales arrangements. Meanwhile, EEW
       GmbH advanced the construction and pre-commissioning preparations for key projects in an orderly manner,
       such as the expansion of solid-waste incineration combined heat-and-power plants, flue-gas purification,
       sludge incineration and battery energy storage projects to provide strong support for improving its long-term
       operational efficiency, enhancing energy flexibility and achieving a low-carbon transition.




                                                                      BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED           21
                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            In the first half of the year, EEW GmbH achieved energy sales of 2,845 GWh, representing a year-on year
            increase of 5.9%, mainly attributable to the increased waste processing volumes and enhanced operational
            efficiency. Among which, sales of electricity amounted to 1,012 GWh, a year-on-year increase of 13.7%; sales
            of heat amounted to 655 GWh, a year on-year increase of 11.6%; and sales of steam amounted to 1,178
            GWh, a year-on-year decrease of 2.5%.


     5.     Beer Business
            In the first half of 2026, Yanjing Brewery achieved a beer sales volume of 2.427 million kiloliters, representing
            a year-on-year increase of 3.2%. The proportion of revenue from the premium and mid-range products
            was approximately 70.85%, effectively driving the increase in the overall sales volume and profitability
            simultaneously.

            In the first half of the year, Yanjing Brewery continued to facilitate the construction of its operational
            excellence management system, and optimised its management in respect of quality improvement, cost
            control, production efficiency and digital transformation, so as to drive the steady enhancement of operational
            quality and efficiency. In respect of its flagship product strategy, Yanjing Brewery focused on its core product
            Yanjing U8 to drive product mix upgrade. Yanjing A10, a new premium all-malt beer, was launched at the
            end of March, and channel expansion progressed in an orderly manner. Products such as Besta Champagne
            Soda also achieved healthy growth. Meanwhile, efforts were stepped up to promote brand rejuvenation and
            premiumization. Continuous progress was made in R&D and commercialisation of new products, including
            premium beer, craft beer, low-alcohol and non-alcohol beer, and carbonated beverages, to further strengthen
            long-term growth momentum.

(II) FINANCIAL REVIEW
     1.     By business segment
            (1)   General situation
                  The revenue of the Group in the first half of 2026 was approximately RMB45.005 billion, representing
                  an increase of 1.1% year-on-year. Profit before tax was RMB5.191 billion, representing an increase of
                  5.4% year-on-year. The profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately
                  RMB3.540 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4%.

                  The Group’s capital expenditure in the first half of 2026 totalling approximately RMB1.8 billion,
                  including RMB0.81 billion in the gas segment, RMB0.41 billion in the environment segment, and
                  RMB0.58 billion in the beer segment.




22        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    (2)   Gas operation
          The revenue from gas sales of the Group in the first half of 2026 was approximately RMB32.274
          billion, and profit before tax was approximately RMB3.202 billion, representing an increase of 5.4%
          year-on-year, of which:

          1)     Natural Gas Distribution Business
                 The natural gas distribution business and other businesses, including the sale of gas-related
                 equipment and construction services, etc. (including Beijing Gas Blue Sky), contributed
                 approximately RMB24.437 billion to the revenue in the first half of 2026, representing a slight
                 decrease of 1.4% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the impact of a decline in gas
                 sales volume outside Beijing.

          2)     LNG Business
                 The natural gas trade contributed revenue of approximately RMB7.838 billion in the first half of
                 2026, remaining basically unchanged year-on-year. Its overall movement trend was consistent
                 with the volume of natural gas international trade and distribution for the corresponding period.

          3)     Natural Gas Transmission Business
                 In the first half of 2026, the Group’s share of profit, through its 40% equity interest in Beijing
                 Pipeline Co., amounted to approximately RMB1.178 billion, representing a year-on-year
                 decrease of 6.2%, which was mainly due to an increase in costs and expenses.

          4)     Overseas Oil and Gas Field Project
                 In the first half of 2026, the Group’s share of profit, through its 20% equity interest in the
                 overseas oil and gas field project, amounted to approximately RMB585 million, representing
                 a year-on-year increase of 78.4%, which was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in oil sales
                 volume and oil price.

          5)     China Gas
                 In the first half of 2026, the Group’s share of profit, through its approximately 23.5% equity
                 interest in China Gas, amounted to approximately RMB277 million, representing a year-on-year
                 decrease of 11.6%, which was mainly due to the decline in new connection business driven by
                 the slowdown in the real estate market.

    (3)   Water Business
          In the first half of 2026, the Group’s share of profit, through its approximately 41.13% equity interest
          in BE Water, amounted to approximately RMB283 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
          23.3%. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the contribution from the construction segment
          and the technology segment.




                                                                 BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          23
                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            (4)   Environmental Business
                  The revenue of the environmental business in the first half of 2026 was approximately RMB4.980
                  billion, representing an increase of 9.9% year-on-year, and profit before tax was approximately RMB665
                  million, representing a decrease of 8.7% year-on-year, of which:

                  1)     Domestic Business
                         The revenue of the domestic business in the first half of 2026 was approximately RMB1.146
                         billion, representing an increase of 1.8% year-on-year, which was mainly due to the increase in
                         the collaborative treatment volume such as sludge and heating of BE Environment. Profit before
                         tax was approximately RMB386 million, representing an increase of 25.6% year-on-year, mainly
                         benefited from revenue growth together with stringent control over costs and expenses.

                  2)     EEW GmbH
                         The revenue of EEW GmbH in the first half of 2026 was approximately RMB3.834 billion,
                         representing an increase of 12.6% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the increase
                         in revenues from waste treatment, and profit before tax was RMB279 million, representing a
                         decrease of 33.7% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to downward adjustment of
                         electricity selling prices together with higher depreciation and amortisation expenses arising from
                         the commissioning of new projects, which offset the positive impact of the increase in volume of
                         waste treatment.

            (5)   Beer Business
                  The revenue of the beer business in the first half of 2026 was approximately RMB7.718 billion,
                  representing an increase of 4.4% year-on-year, and profit before tax was RMB1.850 billion,
                  representing an increase of 20.0% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the tangible results
                  from refined cost control by continuously progressing and strengthening cost management, as well as a
                  notable year-on-year profit increase enabled by the effective control over costs and expenses resulting
                  from a sustained rise in the proportion of high-margin products driven by the promotion in the beer
                  market for medium- and high-end products.


     2.     By accounting item
            (1)   Revenue
                  The revenue of the Group in the first half of 2026 was RMB45.005 billion, representing an increase
                  of 1.1% year-on-year. Of which, the revenue of Beijing Gas was RMB32.274 billion, which accounted
                  for 71.7% of total revenue. The revenue from beer sales was RMB7.718 billion, which accounted for
                  17.1% of total revenue. The environmental business contributed total revenue of RMB4.980 billion,
                  which accounted for 11.1% of total revenue.




24        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    (2)   Cost of Sales
          Cost of sales slightly increased by 0.4% to RMB37.743 billion. Cost of sales of the gas distribution
          business included the purchase cost of natural gas as well as the depreciation charge of the pipeline
          network. Cost of sales of the brewery business included raw materials, wage expenses, and absorption
          of certain direct overheads. Cost of sales of the environmental business included fuel charges,
          amortization, and waste disposal costs.

    (3)   Gross Profit Margin
          In the first half of 2026, the overall gross profit margin was 16.14%, representing an increase
          of 0.59% when compared to 15.55% in the corresponding period of last year, which was mainly
          attributable to the increase in gross profit margin of Yanjing Brewery.

    (4)   Other Income, Other Gains and Losses
          Other income was mainly comprised of government grants of RMB155 million; income from sales of
          scrap materials, packaging materials, and promotion products amounting to RMB308 million, bank
          interest income amounting to RMB348 million and others.

    (5)   Selling and Distribution Expenses
          Selling and distribution expenses of the Group in the first half of 2026 were RMB1.080 billion,
          generally on par with the corresponding period of last year, which were mainly incurred by the brewery
          operation.

    (6)   Administrative Expenses
          Administrative expenses of the Group in the first half of 2026 were RMB3.141 billion, generally on par
          with the corresponding period of last year, through continuously implementing effective expense and
          cost control measures.

    (7)   Other Operating Expenses, Net
          Other operating expenses, net mainly include the provision for impairment of certain assets.

    (8)   Finance Costs
          The finance costs of the Group in the first half of 2026 were RMB1.028 billion, decreased by 5.0%
          year-on-year through controlling finance costs continuously and effectively.

    (9)   Share of Profits and Losses of Associates
          The share of profits and losses of associates mainly comprised the share of profits attributable to the
          Group from Beijing Pipeline Co., overseas oil and gas field project, the China Gas, and BE Water,
          respectively.




                                                                BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED         25
                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            (10) Taxation
                 After deducting the share of profits and losses of associates and joint ventures, the effective income tax
                 rate was 19.9%, which was less than the 24.3% in the corresponding period of last year and was mainly
                 due to higher expenses not deductible for tax last year.

            (11) Profit Attributable to Shareholders of the Company
                 The profit attributable to the shareholders of the Company in the first half of 2026 was RMB3.540
                 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4%.

(III) FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE GROUP
     1.     Non-current Assets
            The net value of property, plant and equipment decreased by approximately RMB1.144 billion as compared to
            the end of 2025, which was mainly attributable to the normal depreciation charged after the completion and
            capitalisation of Tianjin Nangang project of Beijing Gas, as well as a reduction arising from the translation of
            EEW GmbH’s Euro-denominated assets into RMB as a result of RMB appreciation.

            Other intangible assets were mainly from EEW GmbH.

            The increase in investments in associates of RMB1.734 billion was mainly due to the Group’s share of profit in
            the overseas oil and gas field project, Beijing Pipeline Co., BE Water and China Gas in the first half of the year.

            The balance of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income mainly originates from
            Beijing Gas’s investment in CNPC Capital Company Limited. The decrease in the balance was resulted from a
            decrease in its fair value.

            The balances in prepayments, other receivables and other assets increased by RMB368 million. The balances
            were mainly composed of time deposits and certificates of deposit of Beijing Gas in banks with maturity dates
            over one year.


     2.     Current Assets
            Inventories mainly represented the balances in the inventory of Yanjing Brewery and gas reserves held to
            ensure supply in Tianjin Nangang of Beijing Gas.

            The balance of trade receivables increased by RMB1.4 billion, which was mainly due to the increase in the
            account receivables from Beijing Gas.

            The balances in prepayments, other receivables and other assets increased by RMB6.208 billion, which was
            mainly due to the increase in structured deposits of Beijing Gas and Yanjing Brewery.

            The balances in cash and bank deposits were RMB29.278 billion, representing a decrease of RMB1.990
            billion from the end of 2025. The Group continued to maintain sufficient cash reserves.


26        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



  3.   Non-current Liabilities
       The balance of bank and other borrowings increased by RMB2.991 billion. The main reason was that in the
       first half of the year, the Company arranged long-term bank loans and issued RMB bonds in exchange for
       USD300 million bonds and certain maturing RMB-denominated bonds falling due within the first half of the
       year.

       The balance of guaranteed bonds and notes increased by RMB4.080 billion, which was mainly due to the
       issuance of EUR550 million green notes by EEW GmbH in the first half of the year.

       The onerous contracts and major overhauls were mainly from EEW GmbH.


  4.   Current Liabilities
       The balances in trade and bills payables increased by RMB694 million, which were primarily due to an
       increase in the balances in accounts payables for raw materials and packaging materials purchased by Yanjing
       Brewery.

       Other payables, accrued expenses and contract liabilities increased by RMB563 million, which were mainly
       due to an increase in payables for container deposit prior to Yanjing Brewery’s peak sales season.

       The balance of bank and other borrowings decreased by RMB1.282 billion, which was mainly due to
       repayment of certain maturing RMB-denominated bonds by the Company in the first half of the year.

       The balance of guaranteed bonds and notes was nil, which was mainly due to the maturity and repayment of
       the green notes of EUR400 million and bonds of US$300 million in the first half of the year.


  5.   Cash and bank borrowings
       As at 30 June 2026, cash and bank deposits held by the Group amounted to RMB29.278 billion, representing
       a decrease of RMB1.990 billion as compared to the end of 2025.

       The Group’s total borrowings amounted to RMB79.332 billion as at 30 June 2026, which mainly comprised
       guaranteed bonds and notes of US$1.0 billion in total, Euro guaranteed bonds amounting to EUR0.55 billion,
       RMB bonds amounting to RMB35.4 billion and RMB bank loans amounting to RMB25.6 billion in total.




                                                                   BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED        27
                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     6.     Liquidity and capital resources
            As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s net current assets amounted to RMB3.941 billion (31 December 2025:
            net current liabilities of RMB6.359 billion). Guaranteed bonds and notes maturing within the first half of the
            year were fully repaid and replaced with long-term debts, resulting in a positive liquidity position. This fully
            demonstrates the Group’s excellent capital and financing management capabilities.

            The Group maintains sufficient bank credit facilities in Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong to satisfy its working
            capital requirements and also holds ample cash resources to fund capital expenditures in the foreseeable
            future.

            As at 30 June 2026, the issued share capital of the Company was 1,258,003,268 shares, and the equity
            attributable to shareholders of the Company was RMB90.713 billion. Total equity was RMB105.414 billion
            as compared to RMB102.735 billion as at the end of 2025. The gearing ratio, being all the interest-bearing
            borrowings and guaranteed bonds and notes divided by the sum of total equity plus all interest-bearing
            borrowings and guaranteed bonds and notes, was 42.9% (31 December 2025: 43.5%).

(IV) OUTLOOK
     1.     Overall Strategic Planning
            2026 marks the inaugural year of the 15th Five-Year Plan, and the policy and market environment for
            the Group’s core businesses continues to improve. Upholding the general principle of pursuing progress
            while ensuring stability, the State maintains economic growth within a reasonable range at the macro level.
            Meanwhile, it implements a more proactive fiscal policy and a moderately accommodative monetary policy,
            providing solid macro-economic support for the Group’s development. In the infrastructure sector, the State
            accelerates the development of the modernised infrastructure system, focusing on urban renewal and resilient
            urban development, creating structural growth opportunities for the gas, water services and environmental
            protection businesses. In terms of expanding domestic demand, the State gives priority to fostering urban
            consumption upgrading. It promotes the upgrade of urban commercial systems, improvement of community
            consumption scenarios and unlocking of consumption potential at the county level, opening up broader market
            prospects for food businesses including beer and beverages.

            At the same time, the State comprehensively accelerates the green transition of economic and social
            development and drives the energy structure toward greener and newer sources, which provides clear policy
            guidance for the transformation and upgrading of the Group’s core urban environmental protection and energy
            businesses. The State also resolutely fosters and develops new-quality productive forces and has rolled out a
            series of major initiatives in fields such as new energy, new materials, green and low-carbon technologies, and
            artificial intelligence. This creates ample market opportunities for the Group to accelerate the cultivation of
            emerging green and low-carbon industries and build new growth curves.




28        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       Looking ahead, the Group will maintain strategic composure and thoroughly implement the strategic initiative
       of building the “Four Strongholds”. On one hand, it will continue to deepen its core businesses including
       gas, water services, environmental protection and beer, seize opportunities arising from urban infrastructure
       renewal and consumption upgrading, pursue both effective improvement in quality and reasonable growth in
       volume in a coordinated manner, further advance cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, and elevate
       overall value-creation capability. On the other hand, the Group will give full play to the headquarters’ strengths
       in investment-financing and capital operation, capture investment opportunities for new-quality productive
       forces in core businesses and emerging green and low-carbon industries, and drive the Group’s high-quality
       development through efficient investment.


  2.   All Business Segments
       (1)   Gas Business
              1)    Beijing Gas
                    •      Natural Gas Distribution Business
                           Beijing Gas will continue to consolidate its strengths in the Beijing gas sector and
                           appropriately fulfill its responsibility to ensure the capital’s energy security by continuously
                           enhancing the operational resilience of its pipeline network, the quality of customer
                           service, and its safety assurance standards. It will actively advance the renovation and
                           reconstruction of aging pipeline networks, the upgrading of critical facilities and the
                           development of smart pipeline infrastructure, while refining its digital safety management
                           and control systems to strengthen risk identification, early warning, and emergency
                           response capabilities across all operations. Concurrently, Beijing Gas will continue to
                           optimise its market expansion and customer service strategies to stabilise natural gas
                           sales volume, consolidate existing market achievements, and actively explore incremental
                           market opportunities.




                                                                       BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED           29
                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                    •     LNG Business
                          Beijing Gas will continue to strengthen its standards in resource coordination, market
                          analysis, and risk management, closely monitor domestic and international natural gas
                          and LNG market dynamics to flexibly optimise procurement and sales strategies, and
                          rationally utilise the inventories of the Tianjin Nangang LNG project to ensure adequate
                          seasonal reserves and safe and stable supply. It will further improve the operating
                          efficiency of the Tianjin Nangang LNG project, expand sales volume along pipeline
                          routes while strengthening the management and services for tolling clients, and raise
                          the operational standard of its bonded warehousing business. Beijing Gas will foster
                          the synergistic development between its LNG business and its core city-gas operations,
                          natural gas trading, and integrated energy businesses, steadily expand the business scale
                          and improve the operational quality, cultivating it as Beijing Gas’ key growth segment and
                          strategic pillar segment, driving the optimisation of its business mix and diversified and
                          high-quality growth.

                    •     Natural Gas Transmission Business
                          As an important part of the national energy corridor, Beijing Pipeline Co. possesses
                          business stability, which is expected to contribute stable and sustainable investment
                          income.

                    •     Overseas Oil and Gas Field Project
                          The project has been operating steadily for many years with a sound cash flow position. It
                          is expected to continue to deliver predictable returns on investment in the future.

             2)     China Gas
                    Amid the profound restructuring of the global energy landscape, China Gas has formulated a
                    five-year development plan anchored in its core operational philosophy of “building foundations
                    through transformation, creating value with artificial intelligence, and winning the opening
                    phase with new strategies, new businesses, and a new organisation”, aiming to break through
                    its existing development model and precisely unlock the growth potential of new business lines.
                    The Company is committed to evolving into “a comprehensive technology group that empowers
                    society through science and technology and delivers all-around intelligent services for a better
                    life”. By advancing data assetisation, China Gas is building a closed-loop value system of “energy
                    + services + data”.




30   BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                 The core gas business, as the fundamental segment, will export its professional management
                 capabilities through an asset-light operating model to achieve low-cost, high-quality expansion.
                 The value-added services segment will deeply integrate AI and big data capabilities, achieving
                 a fundamental leap from experience-driven to data-driven operations. Integrated energy, as the
                 “second curve” of growth, will focus on biomass energy and target high-value customer segments
                 such as high-energy-consuming industries, industrial parks, and data centers, driving China Gas’
                 strategic transformation from an energy distributor to a green, integrated energy service provider.
                 Simultaneously, it will advance the coordinated development of energy storage, electricity
                 trading, and smart energy businesses, leverage diversified financial instruments to achieve asset-
                 light expansion, continuously expand the boundaries of its integrated energy business, and
                 enhance profitability across multiple dimensions.

                 On the globalisation front, China Gas will accelerate the development of an intelligent LNG
                 trading system and foster a strategic upgrade of its LPG business, strengthening its global asset
                 deployment capabilities. At the same time, it will deepen its integrated energy presence in key
                 regions, using regional breakthroughs to propel its global footprint and advancing from resource
                 trading to exporting technical standards, accelerating its journey toward becoming a world-class
                 energy enterprise. With the full rollout of its “Six-Brain”（六腦）system, artificial intelligence
                 technology will be embedded across the entire value chain, production, and operations, achieving
                 comprehensive intelligent empowerment. China Gas will adhere to a long-term perspective,
                 steadily executing its strategic roadmap, and continue to create steady, sustainable long-term
                 value for its shareholders, employees, and society.

    (2)   Water Business
          In the second half of the year, BE Water will continue to uphold its business philosophy of “customer
          as the source, survival as the foundation, and innovation as the way”, remain diligently focused on
          cash flow as its core priority, placing accounts receivable collection at the top of its agenda. It will
          systematically deepen the recovery of receivables, actively monitor and respond to debt-relief policies,
          and continuously improve the efficiency of cash collection. At the same time, BE Water will advance
          asset structure optimisation with precision and momentum, dispose of inefficient and non-performing
          assets in an orderly manner, strengthen its balance sheet, and consolidate its operational foundation.
          BE Water will advance regional intensive management and lean management, deploy multiple measures
          to reduce both production and finance costs, optimise its financing structure, holistically improving
          operational efficiency. Furthermore, BE Water will fully drive the upgrade of its “Cloud chain end”
          operation paradigm, accelerating the application of AI in process control, water plant operations, and
          specialised management scenarios. This will shift its operational model from “end control” to “end–
          cloud collaboration”. BE Water will also launch pilot projects for entrusted operations, proactively build
          out its asset-light operation services, next-generation operational service capabilities, and solidify the
          foundation for sustainable development.




                                                                 BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          31
                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026
VIII. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       (3)   Environmental Business
             The environmental business will strengthen domestic and overseas collaboration and continuously
             enhance the segment’s contribution to overall performance growth. Among which:

             For domestic environmental business, the focus will center on enhancing the quality and efficiency of
             existing asset operations, optimizing underperforming assets, and advancing technological innovation
             capabilities. The Company will actively expand diversified services including collaborative treatment
             and heating supply to extend industrial chains and cultivate new growth drivers in niche markets.
             Steadily advancing quality project acquisitions, it will optimize asset structure, boost synergistic
             effects, and improve profitability. Meanwhile, the Company will deepen lean management, strengthen
             safety compliance with cost controls, and elevate operation efficiency. It will accelerate technological
             innovation and digitalization to reinforce technical and digital foundations, continuously unlock asset
             potential, and actively develop new profit growth points.

             Overseas, EEW GmbH will closely monitor market trends in solid waste prices and spot power prices,
             scientifically formulate mid-to-long-term plans for the solid waste resource market and optimize its
             energy sales structure. It will further expand solid waste resource supply channels and strive to bring
             new production lines into operation as early as possible to increase its contribution to performance.
             Simultaneously, it will leverage its strengths across R&D initiatives to advance the application of
             warehouse management systems and intelligent material flow dispatching tools, while deepening the
             research, development and promotion of environmental technologies such as plastic pre-sorting, carbon
             capture, utilization and storage and flue gas purification, thereby continuously strengthen its core
             competitiveness.

       (4)   Beer Business
             Yanjing Brewery will continue to benchmark itself against world-class enterprises by deepening system
             development. The Company will intensify per-ton beer cost control and drive continuous optimization
             across breweries in quality management, cost control, production efficiency, and digital transformation.
             At the same time, it will advance green factory development through strict compliance with national-
             level green factory standards while expediting technological upgrades and management enhancements.

             Adhering to a market-oriented approach, Yanjing Brewery will persist in driving product innovation and
             business expansion to enhance market competitiveness while consolidating existing market share. It will
             prioritize the R&D and commercialization of mainstream products, health-oriented products, premium
             craft products, beverage categories, and seasonal offerings, thereby establishing differentiated and
             diversified product lines to meet diverse consumer needs.




32   BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(I) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                     Six months ended
                                                                                          30 June
                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                 NOTES             RMB'000           RMB'000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                            4            45,004,558          44,528,870

Cost of sales                                                                  (37,742,521)        (37,604,491)

Gross profit                                                                     7,262,037           6,924,379

Other income, other gains and losses                               5              1,137,877           1,232,743
Selling and distribution expenses                                                (1,080,287)         (1,099,337)
Administrative expenses                                                          (3,140,906)         (3,148,030)
Other operating expenses, net                                                      (436,917)           (362,737)
Finance costs                                                      6             (1,028,259)         (1,082,732)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                                                                    3,129               5,775
   Associates                                                                    2,474,814           2,454,864

Profit before tax                                                  7             5,191,488           4,924,925

Income tax                                                         8               (540,133)             (599,198)

Profit for the period                                                            4,651,355           4,325,727


Attributable to:
   Shareholders of the Company                                                   3,539,807           3,403,590
   Non-controlling interests                                                     1,111,548             922,137

                                                                                 4,651,355           4,325,727


Earnings per share attributable to shareholders of the company
  Basic and diluted                                               10               RMB2.81               RMB2.71




                                                                 BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED         33
                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(II) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                    Six months ended
                                                                                         30 June
                                                                                     2026              2025
                                                                                  RMB'000           RMB'000
                                                                                (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

Profit for the period                                                           4,651,355         4,325,727

Other comprehensive (loss) income
Other comprehensive (loss) income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                      (727,428)        1,246,359
  Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates                        213,657          (664,998)
  Fair value changes on hedging instruments designated in cash flow hedge        (145,606)           55,794
  Gains reclassified to profit or loss on hedged items                            (41,729)          (38,388)

Net other comprehensive (loss) income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                           (701,106)          598,767

Other comprehensive income (loss) that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Defined benefit obligations:
     Actuarial gains, net                                                           96,076            98,501
     Income tax effect                                                             (23,987)          (27,518)

                                                                                   72,089            70,983

  Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive (loss) income:
    Changes in fair value                                                        (552,768)            68,551
    Income tax effect                                                             136,442            (15,865)

                                                                                 (416,326)           52,686

  Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates                         33,730            (13,862)

Net other comprehensive (loss) income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                           (310,507)          109,807

Other comprehensive (loss) income for the period, net of income tax             (1,011,613)         708,574

Total comprehensive income for the period                                       3,639,742         5,034,301

Attributable to:
   Shareholders of the Company                                                  2,549,168         3,992,714
   Non-controlling interests                                                    1,090,574         1,041,587

                                                                                3,639,742         5,034,301




34         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(III) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      FINANCIAL POSITION
At 30 June 2026

                                                                          30 June        31 December
                                                                            2026                2025
                                                       NOTES             RMB'000            RMB'000
                                                                       (Unaudited)           (Audited)

ASSETS

Non-current Assets
  Property, plant and equipment                         11            61,392,956          62,537,070
  Investment properties                                                1,179,008           1,178,747
  Right-of-use assets                                                  2,348,744           2,517,737
  Goodwill                                                            14,871,353          15,270,149
  Operating concessions                                                4,948,403           5,075,130
  Other intangible assets                                              2,334,019           2,486,228
  Investments in joint ventures                                          151,344             151,880
  Investments in associates                                           61,741,663          60,007,519
  Equity investments at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                         1,872,828           2,433,527
  Receivables under service concession arrangements     12             3,068,688           3,116,155
  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets       13             6,952,160           6,583,901
  Deferred tax assets                                                  1,483,378           1,420,096
  Derivative financial instruments                                             –              82,585

                                                                     162,344,544         162,860,724

Current Assets
  Inventories                                                          6,949,009           7,376,674
  Receivables under service concession arrangements     12               143,142             142,726
  Trade receivables                                     14             6,234,818           4,835,300
  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets       13            13,791,754           7,583,516
  Other tax recoverable                                                  375,579             453,093
  Restricted cash and pledged deposits                                    66,293              39,574
  Cash and cash equivalents                                           29,277,555          31,267,524

                                                                      56,838,150          51,698,407
  Non-current assets classified as held for disposal                     302,173             302,173

                                                                      57,140,323          52,000,580

Total Assets                                                         219,484,867         214,861,304




                                                       BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED       35
                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(III) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      FINANCIAL POSITION
At 30 June 2026

                                                                    30 June    31 December
                                                                      2026            2025
                                                        NOTES      RMB'000        RMB'000
                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Audited)

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Capital and Reserves
  Share capital                                          15      28,340,052     28,340,052
  Reserves                                                       62,372,682     60,701,864

                                                                 90,712,734     89,041,916
Non-controlling interests                                        14,701,666     13,692,898

Total Equity                                                    105,414,400    102,734,814


Non-current Liabilities
  Bank and other borrowings                              16      41,929,377     38,937,907
  Guaranteed bonds and notes                             17      10,994,484      6,914,912
  Lease liabilities                                                 450,575        459,514
  Defined benefit obligations                                     2,151,821      2,204,650
  Provision for major overhauls and onerous contracts               291,989        302,146
  Other non-current liabilities                                   3,000,267      2,693,765
  Deferred tax liabilities                                        1,849,546      2,155,922
  Derivative financial instruments                                  202,967         98,217

                                                                 60,871,026     53,767,033

Current Liabilities
  Trade and bills payables                               18       4,962,773      4,269,016
  Other payables, accruals and contract liabilities              20,331,434     19,768,729
  Provision for major overhauls and onerous contracts                44,079         46,745
  Income tax payables                                               760,360        590,813
  Other tax payables                                                585,776        370,110
  Bank and other borrowings                              16      26,408,541     27,690,884
  Guaranteed bonds and notes                             17               –      5,402,445
  Lease liabilities                                                 106,478        220,715

                                                                 53,199,441     58,359,457

Total Liabilities                                               114,070,467    112,126,490


Total Equity and Liabilities                                    219,484,867    214,861,304




36          BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
            INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(IV) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                                Attributable to shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                             PRC
                                                                               Investment        Property           Defined             Exchange    reserve funds                                                     Non-
                                                       Share        Capital    revaluation    revaluation      benefits plan          fluctuation       and other      Hedging       Retained                   controlling          Total
                                                      capital       reserve        reserve        reserve            reserve              reserve         reserve       reserve        profits         Total      interests         equity
                                                    RMB'000       RMB'000       RMB'000        RMB'000            RMB'000              RMB'000         RMB'000        RMB'000       RMB'000        RMB'000       RMB'000         RMB'000
                                                  (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)


Six months ended 30 June 2026

At 1 January 2026                                 28,340,052      644,040        (28,732)        87,638             61,003           (7,379,289)    17,428,555         (23,907)   49,912,556     89,041,916    13,692,898     102,734,814

Profit for the period                                      –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –             –     3,539,807      3,539,807     1,111,548       4,651,355
Other comprehensive (loss) income
  for the period:
  Equity investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive (loss) income:
     Changes in fair value                                 –             –      (552,768)              –                   –                   –               –             –              –      (552,768)             –       (552,768)
     Income tax effect                                     –             –       136,442               –                   –                   –               –             –              –       136,442              –        136,442
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations and the Company's
  financial statements                                     –             –              –              –                   –           (706,325)               –             –              –      (706,325)      (21,103)       (727,428)
Fair value changes on derivative
  financial instruments                                    –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –     (145,606)              –      (145,606)             –       (145,606)
Defined benefit obligations:
  Actuarial gains, net                                     –             –              –              –             95,947                    –               –             –              –        95,947           129          96,076
  Income tax effect                                        –             –              –              –            (23,987)                   –               –             –              –       (23,987)            –         (23,987)
  Gains reclassified to profit or loss
     on hedged items                                       –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –       (41,729)             –       (41,729)             –        (41,729)
  Share of other comprehensive
     income (loss) of associates                           –             –        34,075               –               (345)           212,516                 –         1,141              –      247,387               –       247,387


Total comprehensive (loss) income
   for the period                                          –             –      (382,251)              –            71,615             (493,809)               –     (186,194)     3,539,807      2,549,168     1,090,574       3,639,742
Capital contribution from non-controlling
   equity holder of subsidiaries                           –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –             –              –             –           450             450
Transfer of fair value reserve upon the
   disposal of equity investments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                      –            –          7,000               –                   –                   –               –             –        (7,000)             –              –              –
Share of reserves of associates                            –       11,580              –               –                   –                   –               –             –         1,240         12,820              –         12,820
Final 2025 dividend                                        –            –              –               –                   –                   –               –             –      (891,170)      (891,170)             –       (891,170)
Dividends paid to non-controlling equity
   holders of subsidiaries                                 –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –             –              –             –       (82,256)        (82,256)
Transfer to PRC reserve funds and
   other receives                                          –             –              –              –                   –                   –        289,230              –      (289,230)             –              –              –


At 30 June 2026                                   28,340,052      655,620       (403,983)        87,638            132,618           (7,873,098)    17,717,785       (210,101)    52,266,203     90,712,734    14,701,666     105,414,400



*               These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB62,372,682,000 (Unaudited) (31 December2025: RMB60,701,864,000 (audited)) in
                the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                                                                     BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED                                        37
                                                                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(IV) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                           Attributable to shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                        PRC
                                                                          Investment        Property           Defined             Exchange    reserve funds                                                     Non-
                                                  Share        Capital    revaluation    revaluation      benefits plan          fluctuation       and other      Hedging       Retained                   controlling          Total
                                                 capital       reserve        reserve        reserve            reserve              reserve         reserve       reserve        profits         Total      interests         equity
                                               RMB'000       RMB'000       RMB'000        RMB'000            RMB'000              RMB'000         RMB'000        RMB'000       RMB'000        RMB'000       RMB'000         RMB'000
                                             (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)


Six months ended 30 June 2025

At 1 January 2025                            28,340,052      615,354*      (437,933)*       87,638*          (121,280)*         (7,583,435)*   16,476,788*      (159,687)*   47,663,637*    84,881,134    12,734,049      97,615,183

Profit for the period                                 –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –             –     3,403,590      3,403,590      922,137        4,325,727
Other comprehensive income (loss)
  for the period:
  Equity investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income:
     Changes in fair value                            –             –        68,551               –                   –                   –               –             –              –        68,551              –         68,551
     Income tax effect                                –             –       (15,865)              –                   –                   –               –             –              –       (15,865)             –        (15,865)
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations and the Company's
  financial statements                                –             –              –              –                   –         1,127,450                 –             –              –     1,127,450      118,909        1,246,359
Fair value changes on derivative
  financial instruments                               –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –       55,794               –       55,794               –        55,794
Defined benefit obligations:
  Actuarial gains, net                                –             –              –              –             97,797                    –               –             –              –        97,797            704         98,501
  Income tax effect                                   –             –              –              –            (27,355)                   –               –             –              –       (27,355)          (163)       (27,518)
  Gains reclassified to profit or loss
     on hedged items                                  –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –       (38,388)             –       (38,388)             –        (38,388)
  Share of other comprehensive
     loss of associates                               –             –       (12,039)              –             (1,823)           (634,342)               –       (30,656)             –      (678,860)             –       (678,860)


Total comprehensive income (loss)
   for the period                                     –             –        40,647               –            68,619             493,108                 –       (13,250)    3,403,590      3,992,714     1,041,587       5,034,301
Capital contribution from non-controlling
   equity holder of subsidiaries                      –            –               –              –                   –                   –               –             –             –              –           280             280
Share of reserves of associates                       –       38,930               –              –                   –                   –               –             –             –         38,930             –          38,930
Final 2024 dividend                                   –            –               –              –                   –                   –               –             –      (881,483)      (881,483)            –        (881,483)
Dividends paid to non-controlling equity
   holders of subsidiaries                            –             –              –              –                   –                   –               –             –              –             –      (172,938)       (172,938)
Transfer to PRC reserve funds and
   other reserves                                     –             –              –              –                   –                   –        878,798              –      (878,798)             –              –              –


At 30 June 2025                              28,340,052      654,284       (397,286)        87,638             (52,661)         (7,090,327)    17,355,586       (172,937)    49,306,946     88,031,295    13,602,978     101,634,273



*              These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB59,691,243,000 (Unaudited) (31 December2024: RMB56,541,082,000 (audited)) in
               the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2025.




 38                       BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
                          INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(V) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                                              RMB'000            RMB'000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Cash generated from operations                                                              4,795,267           4,359,082
Finance income on the net investment in a finance lease received                                    –               3,000
Chinese Mainland income tax paid                                                             (414,595)           (343,348)
Overseas income tax paid                                                                     (110,780)           (152,143)

Net cash flows from operating activities                                                    4,269,892           3,866,591

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                         (1,701,069)         (1,815,100)
Increase in investments in an associate                                                              –            (173,000)
Dividends received from associates                                                             217,885             317,436
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                45,526              91,687
Receipt of assets-related government grants                                                     34,154               2,000
Increase in time deposits with maturity of more than
   three months when acquired                                                                  804,000            (714,932)
Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          (4,956,589)         (1,175,000)
Proceeds from disposal of an equity investment at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                          10,000                     –
Proceeds from disposal of an equity investment at fair value through profit or loss            20,000                     –
Other cash flows from investing activities                                                    347,412               317,297

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                 (5,178,681)         (3,149,612)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Capital contributions from non-controlling equity holders of subsidiaries                         450                 280
New loans                                                                                  29,372,188          29,609,314
Repayment of loans                                                                        (27,574,089)        (26,378,967)
New guaranteed bond issued                                                                  4,429,069                   –
Repayment of guaranteed bonds and notes                                                    (5,279,219)         (3,623,656)
Interest paid                                                                              (1,065,130)         (1,168,568)
Other cash flows used in financing activities                                                (134,420)           (212,688)

Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                   (251,151)         (1,774,285)




                                                                            BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED        39
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(V) CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                  RMB'000            RMB'000
                                                                                (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                       (1,159,940)       (1,057,306)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                23,728,524        24,571,407
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                       (26,029)           16,999


Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                      22,542,555        23,531,100


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances other than time deposits                                 11,546,324        10,629,963
Saving deposits placed in a financial institution (an associate of the Group)      322,615           787,219
Time deposits:
   Placed in banks                                                               9,104,213        11,512,900
   Placed in a financial institution (an associate of the Group)                 8,370,696         7,180,581
Less: Restricted cash and pledged deposits                                         (66,293)          (24,563)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the condensed consolidated
  statement of financial position                                               29,277,555        30,086,100
Less: Time deposits with maturity of more than three months when acquired       (6,735,000)       (6,555,000)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the condensed consolidated
  statement of cash flows                                                       22,542,555        23,531,100




40         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

1.    BASIS OF PREPARATION
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
      Standard 34 (“HKAS 34”) “Interim Financial Reporting ” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
      Accountants (“HKICPA”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to the Rules Governing
      the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

      The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the condensed consolidated financial statements, a
      reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable
      future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the condensed consolidated
      financial statements.

      The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2025 that is included in these condensed
      consolidated financial statements as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual
      consolidated financial statements for that year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information
      relating to these statutory financial statements is as follows:

     The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 to the Registrar of
     Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s report was unqualified; did not
     include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its
     report; and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or (3) of the Companies Ordinance.




                                                                          BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED        41
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
      properties and financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

      Other than additional accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
      and application of certain accounting policies which became relevant to the Group in the current interim period,
      the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for
      the six months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual consolidated financial
      statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.

      Application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard
      issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on
      1 January 2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                     Amendments to the classification and measurement of
                                                              Financial instruments
      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                     Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
      Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards              Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards –
                                                              Volume 11

      The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no
      material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the
      disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.

3.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
      For management purpose, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately according to
      the nature of their operations and the products and services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating segments
      represents a strategic business unit that offers products and services which are subject to risks and returns that are
      different from those of the other operating segments.

      Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making
      decisions about resources allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on
      reportable segment profit for the period attributable to shareholders of the Company. The segment profit for the
      period attributable to shareholders of the Company is measured consistently with the Group’s profit attributable
      to shareholders of the Company, except finance costs, share of profits of an associate, as well as head office and
      corporate income and expenses are excluded from such measurement.

      Segment assets and liabilities of each of the reportable operating segments are separately managed by each of the
      individual operating segments.




42        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

3.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      The following tables present revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s operating segments for the six
      months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025:

      Six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                     Gas          Water    Environmental        Brewery
                                                                operation      operation        operation      operation       Others    Consolidated
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                             (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)


      Segment revenue                                       32,274,417                –       4,979,784     7,717,535         32,822     45,004,558

      Cost of sales                                         (29,853,779)              –      (3,741,845)    (4,133,385)       (13,512)   (37,742,521)


      Gross profit                                           2,420,638                –       1,237,939     3,584,150         19,310      7,262,037


      Segment result:
        Profit from operating activities                     1,283,303                –         785,259     1,864,136         20,205      3,952,903
        Finance costs                                         (261,635)               –        (126,383)      (14,542)             –       (402,560)
        Share of profits and losses of:
          Jointly-controlled entities                              643              –             2,486               –             –         3,129
          Associates                                         2,179,878        282,959             3,476               –             –     2,466,313


                                                             3,202,189        282,959           664,838     1,849,594         20,205      6,019,785


      Corporate and other unallocated income
        and expenses, net                                                                                                                  (211,099)
      Share of profits of an associate                                                                                                        8,501
      Finance cost                                                                                                                         (625,699)


      Profit before tax                                                                                                                   5,191,488

      Income tax                                                                                                                           (540,133)


      Profit for the period                                                                                                               4,651,355


      Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company:
        Operating segments                                   3,014,259        282,959           378,596       673,405         20,108      4,369,327


        Corporate and other unallocated items                                                                                              (829,520)


                                                                                                                                          3,539,807




                                                                                            BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED               43
                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

3.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                                     Gas          Water    Environmental        Brewery
                                                                operation      operation        operation      operation       Others    Consolidated
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                             (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)


      Segment revenue                                       32,563,910                –       4,530,233     7,393,556         41,171     44,528,870

      Cost of sales                                         (30,036,645)              –      (3,386,203)    (4,167,334)       (14,309)   (37,604,491)


      Gross profit                                           2,527,265                –       1,144,030     3,226,222         26,862      6,924,379


      Segment result:
        Profit from operating activities                     1,276,082                –         801,922     1,552,599         27,970      3,658,573
        Finance costs                                         (304,249)               –         (88,154)      (11,348)             –       (403,751)
        Share of profits and losses of:
          Jointly-controlled entities                            3,479              –             2,296               –             –         5,775
          Associates                                         2,062,883        368,972            12,408               –             –     2,444,263


                                                             3,038,195        368,972           728,472     1,541,251         27,970      5,704,860


      Corporate and other unallocated income
        and expenses, net                                                                                                                  (111,555)
      Share of profits of an associate                                                                                                       10,601
      Finance costs                                                                                                                        (678,981)


      Profit before tax                                                                                                                   4,924,925

      Income tax                                                                                                                           (599,198)


      Profit for the period                                                                                                               4,325,727


      Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company:
        Operating segments                                   2,848,417        368,972           410,927       574,129         27,860      4,230,305


        Corporate and other unallocated items                                                                                              (826,715)


                                                                                                                                          3,403,590




44           BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
             INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

3.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segment:

                                                                                               30 June       31 December
                                                                                                 2026               2025
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)          (Audited)


      Total assets:
         Gas operation                                                                    131,978,969        129,371,719
         Water operation                                                                   13,304,733         13,183,127
         Environmental operation                                                           40,035,901         41,078,512
         Brewery operation                                                                 27,923,294         25,268,462
         Corporate and others                                                              12,814,234         12,467,992
         Eliminations                                                                      (6,572,264)        (6,508,508)


                                                                                          219,484,867        214,861,304


      Total liabilities:
         Gas operation                                                                     37,193,599         36,868,980
         Environmental operation                                                           21,501,045         22,232,236
         Brewery operation                                                                  9,977,843          8,958,050
         Corporate and others                                                              51,970,244         50,575,732
         Eliminations                                                                      (6,572,264)        (6,508,508)


                                                                                          114,070,467        112,126,490


      During each of the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, no single external customer contributed 10% or more
      of the Group’s revenue.




                                                                           BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED       45
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

4.    REVENUE
      Revenue of the Group for each of the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 was all revenue from contracts with
      customers and the following tables set out the disaggregated revenue information for revenue from contracts with
      customers:

      Six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                            Gas    Environmental        Brewery      Corporate
                                                       operation        operation      operation    and others         Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
      Segment                                       (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)

      Types of goods or services
      Sale of piped natural gas                     23,910,511                –             –               –    23,910,511
      Sale of gas-related equipment                    190,060                –             –               –       190,060
      Trading of liquefied natural gas               7,837,530                –             –               –     7,837,530
      Sale of brewery products                               –                –     7,717,535               –     7,717,535
      Construction services                            336,316               76             –               –       336,392
      Solid waste collection services                        –        3,361,518             –               –     3,361,518
      Sale of electricity, steam and heat                    –        1,618,190             –               –     1,618,190

      Total revenue from contract with customers    32,274,417        4,979,784     7,717,535               –    44,971,736
      Revenue from another source:
        – Gross rental income                                 –                –              –       32,822        32,822

      Total revenue                                 32,274,417        4,979,784     7,717,535         32,822     45,004,558


      Geographical markets
      Chinese Mainland                              29,599,743        1,146,016     7,717,535               –    38,463,294
      Germany                                                –        3,833,768             –               –     3,833,768
      Others                                         2,674,674                –             –               –     2,674,674

      Total revenue from contracts with customers   32,274,417        4,979,784     7,717,535               –    44,971,736
      Revenue from another source:
        – Gross rental income                                 –                –              –       32,822        32,822

      Total revenue                                 32,274,417        4,979,784     7,717,535         32,822     45,004,558


      Timing of revenue recognition
      Goods transferred at a point in time          31,938,101        1,618,190     7,717,535               –    41,273,826
      Services transferred at a point in time                –        3,361,518             –               –     3,361,518
      Services transferred over time                   336,316               76             –               –       336,392

      Total revenue from contracts with customers   32,274,417        4,979,784     7,717,535               –    44,971,736
      Revenue from another source:
        – Gross rental income                                 –                –              –       32,822        32,822

      Total revenue                                 32,274,417        4,979,784     7,717,535         32,822     45,004,558




46          BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
            INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

4.    REVENUE (Continued)
      Six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                            Gas    Environmental           Brewery       Corporate
                                                       operation        operation         operation     and others            Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
      Segment                                       (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


      Types of goods or services
      Sale of piped natural gas                     24,344,687                –                 –               –       24,344,687
      Sale of gas-related equipment                    239,156                –                 –               –          239,156
      Trading of liquefied natural gas               7,770,246                –                 –               –        7,770,246
      Sale of brewery products                               –                –         7,393,556               –        7,393,556
      Construction services                            209,821          184,792                 –               –          394,613
      Solid waste collection services                        –        2,725,041                 –               –        2,725,041
      Sale of electricity, steam and heat                    –        1,620,400                 –               –        1,620,400


      Total revenue from contract with customers    32,563,910        4,530,233         7,393,556               –       44,487,699
      Revenue from another source:
        – Gross rental income                                 –                –                 –        41,171           41,171


      Total revenue                                 32,563,910        4,530,233         7,393,556         41,171        44,528,870


      Geographical markets
      Chinese Mainland                              28,213,454        1,125,469         7,393,556               –       36,732,479
      Germany                                                –        3,404,764                 –               –        3,404,764
      Others                                         4,350,456                –                 –               –        4,350,456


      Total revenue from contracts with customers   32,563,910        4,530,233         7,393,556               –       44,487,699
      Revenue from another source:
        – Gross rental income                                 –                –                 –        41,171           41,171


      Total revenue                                 32,563,910        4,530,233         7,393,556         41,171        44,528,870


      Timing of revenue recognition
      Goods transferred at a point in time          32,354,089        1,620,400         7,393,556               –       41,368,045
      Services transferred at a point in time                –        2,725,041                 –               –        2,725,041
      Services transferred over time                   209,821          184,792                 –               –          394,613


      Total revenue from contracts with customers   32,563,910        4,530,233         7,393,556               –       44,487,699
      Revenue from another source:
        – Gross rental income                                 –                –                 –        41,171           41,171


      Total revenue                                 32,563,910        4,530,233         7,393,556         41,171        44,528,870




                                                                                BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          47
                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

5.    OTHER INCOME, OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                          Six months ended
                                                                               30 June
                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

      Bank interest income                                              347,566           348,010
      Income from sales of scrap materials, packaging materials and
         promotion products                                             307,934           248,330
      Government grants                                                 154,964           250,313
      Compensation received from early termination of a lease                 –            74,357
      Others                                                            327,413           311,733

                                                                      1,137,877         1,232,743




48        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

6.    FINANCE COSTS
      An analysis of the Group’s finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                Six months ended
                                                                                                     30 June
                                                                                                 2026              2025
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

      Interest on bank loans and other loans                                                  798,479               875,804
      Interest on guaranteed bonds and notes                                                  266,651               310,152
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                            10,837                13,345

      Total interest expenses                                                               1,075,967           1,199,301
      Increase in discounted amounts of provision
         for major overhauls arising from the passage of time                                      461                 451

      Total finance costs                                                                   1,076,428           1,199,752
      Less: Interest capitalised                                                               (6,440)            (78,632)

                                                                                            1,069,988           1,121,120


      Less: Fair value gain reclassified from equity to profit or loss on currency
        swaps designated as cash flow hedges for foreign currency debts                        (41,729)             (38,388)

                                                                                            1,028,259           1,082,732




                                                                            BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED        49
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

7.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX
      The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging (crediting):

                                                                                                                      Six months ended
                                                                                                                           30 June
                                                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                2,007,960                     1,915,311
      Less: Amount included in cost of inventories sold
             and cost of services rendered                                                                        (1,496,755)                (1,467,022)

                                                                                                                      511,205                     448,289

      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                             170,347                     144,955
      Less: Amount included in cost of inventories sold
             and cost of services rendered                                                                             (39,312)                    (22,070)

                                                                                                                      131,035                     122,885

      Amortisation of operating concessions, included in
        cost of inventories sold and cost of services rendered                                                        137,091                     122,177

      Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                         107,864                     115,228
      Less: Amount included in cost of inventories sold
             and cost of services rendered                                                                             (60,672)                    (66,585)

      Amount included in administrative expenses                                                                        47,192                     48,643

      (Gain) loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment, net                                             (6,953)                    2,682
      Loss on deemed disposal of interest in associates                                                                       –                    10,981

      Impairment (reversal of impairment) of financial assets, net:
        Trade receivables*                                                                                               6,449                      (5,665)
        Other receivables*                                                                                              29,597                       4,387

                                                                                                                        36,046                      (1,278)


      *     These items are included in “Other operating expenses, net” on the face of the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.




50        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

8.    INCOME TAX

                                                                                                Six months ended
                                                                                                     30 June
                                                                                                 2026              2025
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

      Current:
        Hong Kong                                                                                  920                 959
        Chinese Mainland                                                                       564,342             466,281
        Germany                                                                                134,488             155,086
        Others                                                                                  50,591              48,282
      Deferred                                                                                (210,208)            (71,410)


      Total tax expense for the period                                                        540,133              599,198


      Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which
      the Group operates. In accordance with the relevant tax rules and regulations in Chinese Mainland, certain of the
      Company’s subsidiaries established in Chinese Mainland enjoy PRC corporate income tax exemptions and reductions.

9.    INTERIM DIVIDEND
      On 27 August 2026, the Board declared an interim cash dividend of HK85 cents per share (six months ended 30
      June 2025: HK85 cents per share), totalling approximately RMB940,986,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
      RMB983,759,000) for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

10. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
      The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit attributable to shareholders of the
      Company of RMB3,539,807,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB3,403,590,000), and the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares of 1,258,003,268 (six months ended 30 June 2025: 1,258,003,268) in issue
      during the period.

      No adjustment has been made to the basic earnings per share amounts presented for each of the six months ended
      30 June 2026 and 2025 for a dilution as the dilutive potential ordinary shares of associates in issue during these
      periods either have a minimal impact or have no diluting effect on the earnings per share amounts presented.




                                                                           BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED         51
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment at a total cost of
      RMB1,673,355,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB1,893,732,000).

      Property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of RMB38,573,000 (six months ended 30 June
      2025: RMB94,369,000) were disposed of by the Group during the six months ended 30 June 2026, resulting in
      a net gain on disposal of RMB6,953,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: net loss on disposal RMB2,682,000)
      (note 7).

12. RECEIVABLES UNDER SERVICE CONCESSION ARRANGEMENTS
      The Group’s receivables under service concession arrangements represented the Group’s unconditional right to
      receive cash or another financial asset for the construction services rendered and/or the consideration paid and
      payable by the Group for the right to charge users of the public service under service concession arrangements. They
      were all unbilled as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025.

      The amounts of contract assets included in the carrying amounts of operating concessions and receivables under
      service concession arrangements as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                            30 June         31 December
                                                                                              2026                 2025
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)            (Audited)


      Contract assets included in:
        Operating concessions                                                             2,198,867           2,243,720
        Receivables under service concession arrangements                                   847,497             839,247


      Total                                                                               3,046,364           3,082,967


      The above contract assets are initially recognised for revenue earned from the provision of construction services of
      solid waste incineration plants during the period of construction under service concession arrangements. Pursuant
      to the service concession agreements, the Group receives no payment from grantors during the construction period
      and receives service fees when relevant solid waste collection service is rendered. The receivables under service
      concession arrangements (including the contract assets therein) are not yet due for payment and will be settled by
      service fees to be received during the operating periods of the service concession arrangements. Amounts billed will
      then be transferred to trade receivables. The Groups trading terms and credit policy with customers are disclosed in
      note 14 to the financial information.




52        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

13. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
      Prepayments, other receivables, and other assets within the Group primarily comprised prepayments amounting to
      RMB1,836,464,000 (31 December 2025: RMB1,519,481,000), deposits and other receivables amounting to
      RMB3,836,714,000 (31 December 2025: RMB3,328,575,000) and financial assets at fair value through profit or
      loss totalling RMB5,026,634,000 (31 December 2025: RMB90,045,000).

14. TRADE RECEIVABLES
      The various group companies have different credit policies, depending on the requirements of their markets and
      the businesses which they operate. Ageing analysis of trade receivables is prepared and closely monitored in order
      to minimise any credit risk associated with the receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
      enhancement over its trade receivables.

      An ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
      and net of impairment, is as follows:

                                                                                                                           30 June               31 December
                                                                                                                             2026                       2025
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                  (Audited)


      Billed:
         Within one year                                                                                                 5,339,523                  3,919,980
         One to two years                                                                                                  205,765                    225,671
         Two to three years                                                                                                105,180                     49,022
         Over three years                                                                                                   76,308                     27,286


                                                                                                                         5,726,776                  4,221,959
      Unbilled*                                                                                                            508,042                    613,341


      Total                                                                                                              6,234,818                  4,835,300


      *       The unbilled balance was attributable to (i) the sale of natural gas near the period/year end date and such sale will be billed in the next meter
              reading date; and (ii) entitlements to renewable energy tariff subsidies from the sale of electricity generated from waste incineration.


      Included in the Group’s trade receivables as at 30 June 2026 were aggregate amounts of RMB15,759,000 (31
      December 2025: RMB27,674,000) and RMB278,809,000(31 December 2025: RMB306,725,000) due from
      fellow subsidiaries and a joint venture of the Group, arising from transactions carried out in the ordinary course of
      business of the Group, respectively. The balances are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable within credit periods
      similar to those offered by the Group to its major customers.




                                                                                                 BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED                     53
                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

15. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                               30 June    31 December
                                                                                 2026            2025
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Audited)


      Issued and fully paid:
         1,258,003,268 (31 December 2025: 1,258,003,268) ordinary shares   28,340,052     28,340,052


16. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                               30 June    31 December
                                                                                 2026            2025
                                                                  Notes       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Audited)


      Bank loans:
        Secured                                                             2,365,608      2,357,115
        Unsecured                                                  (a)     27,493,573     29,554,839


                                                                           29,859,181     31,911,954


      Other loans:
        Secured                                                               313,216        150,417
        Unsecured                                                  (b)     38,165,521     34,566,420


                                                                           38,478,737     34,716,837


      Total bank and other borrowings                                       68,337,918     66,628,791
      Portion classified as current liabilities                            (26,408,541)   (27,690,884)


      Non-current portion                                                  41,929,377     38,937,907




54        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

16. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
     Notes:


      (a)     The loan agreements in respect of certain bank loans outstanding as at 30 June 2026 include certain conditions imposing specific performance
              obligations on the Company’s holding companies, among which the following events would constitute events of default on the loan facilities:


              (i)      if Beijing Enterprises Group Company Limited (‘’Beijing Enterprises Group”) does not or ceases to own, directly or indirectly, at least 40%
                       or 50% of the beneficiary interest of the Company; and


              (ii)     if Beijing Enterprises Group ceases to be controlled and supervised by the Beijing Municipal Government.


      (b)     Included in the Group’s other borrowings as at 30 June 2026 were loans of RMB1,371 million (31 December 2025: RMB1,462 million) in total
              advanced from an associate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 2.11% to five-year Loan Prime Rate (31 December 2025: ranging from one-
              year Loan Prime Rate less 25 basis points to 4.65%) per annum and are repayable in 2026 to 2036. Interest expenses of RMB20,524,000 (six
              months ended 30 June 2025: RMB12,092,000) were recognised in profit or loss during the period in respect of the loans (note 20(a)(x)).


      (c)     Certain corporate bonds classified as other borrowings include covenants imposing specific performance obligations of the Company, among which
              any one of the following events would constitute events of default:


              (i)      if there is a change of control: change of beneficial controller of the Company; and


              (ii)     there is a change in credit rating within six months of the date of such change of control: offshore rating of the Company downgraded to
                       non-investment grade.


              To the best knowledge of the directors of the Company, none of the above default events took place during the period ended 30 June 2026 and as
              at the date of approval of this unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                                                BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED                        55
                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

17. GUARANTEED BONDS AND NOTES
      A summary of the guaranteed bonds and notes issued by the Group and outstanding as at 30 June 2026 is as follows:

                                                                Contractual
                                                   Principal       interest                     30 June     31 December
                                                  at original          rate                       2026             2025
                                                   currency     per annum        Maturity      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                    ’million                                 (Unaudited)        (Audited)

      2011 Second Senior Notes                     US$400         6.375%           2041       2,676,371       2,762,214
      2015 US$ Bonds                               US$200          4.99%           2040       1,330,912       1,373,549
      EEW 2021 Green Notes                         EUR400         0.361%           2026               –       3,300,334
      EEW 2026 Green Notes                         EUR555         3.875%           2029       4,291,006               –
      2021 US$ Bonds Series 1                      US$300             2%           2026               –       2,102,111
      2021 US$ Bonds Series 2                      US$400         3.125%           2031       2,696,195       2,779,149

                                                                                             10,994,484      12,317,357
      Portion classified as current liabilities                                                       –      (5,402,445)

      Non-current liabilities                                                                10,994,484       6,914,912


      Except for the 2021 and 2026 EEW Green Notes which are guaranteed by EEW Holding GmbH, all the above
      guaranteed bonds and notes are guaranteed by the Company.

      The fair value of the Group’s guaranteed bonds and notes as at 30 June 2026 was approximately RMB14.3 billion
      (31 December 2025: RMB12.5 billion), based on price quotations from financial institutions at the reporting date.




56         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

18. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
      An ageing analysis of the Group’s trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period，based on the invoice
      date, is as follows:

                                                                                                                         30 June              31 December
                                                                                                                           2026                      2025
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

      Billed:
         Within one year                                                                                               3,905,428                  3,232,297
         One to two years                                                                                                374,078                    292,345
         Two to three years                                                                                              114,905                     55,101
         Over three years                                                                                                 80,319                     25,804

                                                                                                                       4,474,730                  3,605,547
      Unbilled*                                                                                                          488,043                    663,469

                                                                                                                       4,962,773                  4,269,016


      *       The unbilled balance was attributable to (i) purchase of natural gas near the period end which was billed subsequently in July 2026; (ii) accrued
              extra purchase costs which will be billed when the price is agreed by Beijing Gas with the supplier; and (iii) accrued construction costs for solid
              waste incineration plant and ecological construction services which have not been billed by the suppliers.


      Included in the trade and bills payables as at 30 June 2026 were amounts of RMB102,682,000 (31 December
      2025: RMB43,688,000) in total due to fellow subsidiaries, arising from transactions carried out in the ordinary
      course of business of the Group. The balances are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable within credit periods
      similar to those offered by the related parties to their major customers.

19. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      The Group had the following contractual commitments as at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                         30 June              31 December
                                                                                                                           2026                      2025
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

      Gas pipelines and plant and machinery                                                                            5,390,837                  5,271,408
      Service concession arrangements                                                                                          –                      5,385

      Total                                                                                                            5,390,837                  5,276,793




                                                                                                BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED                        57
                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

20. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
      (a)     In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this interim condensed consolidated financial information,
              the Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                                    Six months ended
                                                                                                         30 June
                                                                                                     2026            2025
              Name of related party       Nature of transaction                      Notes        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)


              Non-controlling equity
                holders of subsidiaries
                and their associates:
              北京燕京啤酒集團公司                  Purchase of bottle labels                    (i)          13,812            44,629
                (“Yanjing Brewery         Comprehensive support service
                   Group”) and its        fees paidY                                  (iii)          5,995             7,324
                   associates             Land rental expensesY                       (iv)             830               854
                                          Trademark licensing fees paidY               (v)          21,220            31,838
                                          Less: refund for advertising subsidiesY      (v)               –              (410)

              Fellow subsidiaries:
              北京北燃實業有限公司                  Sale of piped natural gas#                   (vi)        558,043          383,897
                and its subsidiaries      Engineering service income#                 (vii)          5,526            2,306
                                          Comprehensive service income#               (vii)            329            2,752
                                          Engineering service expenses#               (vii)         51,067          117,982
                                          Comprehensive service expenses#             (vii)         21,999           63,163
                                          Building rental expenses#                   (viii)         5,831          105,160
                                          Purchase of goods#                          (viii)        63,747           45,776
                                          Sale of goods#                               (ix)         17,485           35,422

              Associate:
              北京控股集團財務
                有限公司                      Interest expenses                            (x)          20,524            12,092
                (“BE Group Finance”)      Interest income@                             (x)           5,533            32,852




58          BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
            INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

20. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      (a)   (Continued)


            In the opinion of the directors, the above transactions were entered into by the Group in the normal course of
            its business.

            Y
                     These related party transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions that are exempted from the reporting, announcement
                     and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

            #
                     These related party transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

            @
                     These related party transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions that are subject to the announcement, reporting and
                     annual review requirements but are exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                     Rules.


            Notes:


            (i)      The purchase prices for bottle labels and bottle caps were determined by reference to the agreed prices for the preceding year and an
                     annual adjustment determined by reference to the price index in Beijing in the preceding year.


            (ii)     The canning service fees were charged at a rate equal to the costs of the canning services incurred by Yanjing Beer Group plus a mutually-
                     agreed profit margin.


            (iii)    The comprehensive support service fees paid included the following:


                     –        fees for security and canteen services which were determined based on the annual cost of labour, depreciation and maintenance
                              for the preceding year and an annual adjustment by reference to the price index in Beijing; and


                     –        rental expenses, related to the premises occupied and used by Yanjing Brewery as its office, canteen and staff dormitories, which
                              were determined by reference to the prevailing market rentals at the time when the relevant agreements were entered into.


            (iv)     The land rental expenses were charged at a mutually-agreed amount of RMB2,366,800 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
                     RMB1,849,000) per annum.


            (v)      The trademark licensing fees paid were for the use of “Yanjing” trademark and were determined based on 1% (six months ended 30 June
                     2025: 1%) of the annual sales of beer and mineral water products made by Yanjing Brewery and at a rate of RMB0.01(six months ended
                     30 June 2025: RMB0.008) per bottle of beer sold by the subsidiaries of Yanjing Brewery. Yanjing Brewery Group would refund 20% of
                     the trademark licensing fees from sales of beer received from Yanjing Brewery for the use by Yanjing Brewery to develop and promote the
                     “Yanjing” trademark.




                                                                                             BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED                         59
                                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

20. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      (a)     (Continued)


              Notes: (Continued)


              (vi)     The selling price of piped natural gas was prescribed by the PRC government.


              (vii)    The service fees were determined by reference to the then prevailing market rates and set at prices not higher than the guidance prices set
                       by the PRC government.


              (viii)   The purchase prices of goods and the building rentals were determined by reference to the then prevailing market rates.


              (ix)     The selling prices of goods were determined on a cost-plus basis.


              (x)      BE Group Finance is a 38.78% owned associate of the Group and also a subsidiary of Beijing Enterprises Group. BE Group Finance was
                       established to act as platform for members of Beijing Enterprises Group for the provision of intra-group loan facilities through financial
                       products including deposit-taking, money-lending and custodian services.


                       On 28 August 2023 (the “Effective Date”), a financial services agreement (the “Financial Services Agreement”) was approved at an
                       extraordinary general meeting, pursuant to which, BE Group Finance shall provide financial services to the Group, including deposit
                       services and loan services for three years from the Effective Date. The cumulative daily outstanding deposits balance placed by the Group
                       with BE Group Finance (including any interest accrued thereon) during the term of the Financial Services Agreement will not exceed
                       RMB8.70 billion.


                       Interest rates on deposits placed in and loans offered by BE Group Finance denominated in RMB were determined by reference to the then
                       prevailing market rates offered by the Peopled Bank of China, while the related interest rates for deposits and loans denominated in other
                       currencies were determined by reference to the then prevailing market rates offered by major banks in the PRC.


                       The amount of deposits placed by the Group with BE Group Finance as at 30 June 2026 amounted to RMB8.69 billion (31 December
                       2025: RMB8.70 billion).


                       The amounts of loans borrowed by the Group from BE Group Finance as at the end of reporting period are disclosed in note 16(b) to the
                       financial information.




60          BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
            INTERIM REPORT 2026
IX. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
(VI) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

20. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      (b)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                                Six months ended
                                                                                                     30 June
                                                                                                 2026              2025
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

            Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                            4,444                5,455
            Pension scheme contributions                                                            13                   13


            Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                  4,457                5,468


21. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Other than guaranteed bonds and notes and corporate bonds, the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets
      and other financial liabilities which are due to be received or settled within one year are reasonable approximation of
      their respective fair values, and accordingly, no disclosure of the fair values of these financial instruments is made.
      The fair value of the Group’s guaranteed bonds and notes is disclosed in note 17 to the unaudited interim condensed
      consolidated financial information.

      The listed equity investments of the Group are stated at fair value based on their quoted market prices (as categorised
      within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy).

      For other non-current financial assets and liabilities, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, since their
      carrying amounts are not significantly different from their respective fair values, no disclosure of the fair values of
      these financial instruments is made.




                                                                           BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          61
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026
X. OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION



(I)   PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
      Redemption of US$300,000,000 2.00% Bonds
      On 6 May 2026, the Group fully redeemed the US$300,000,000 2.00% bonds (the “Bonds”) upon maturity.
      The Bonds were issued by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in May 2021 and were listed on the Stock
      Exchange.

      Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any listed
      securities of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

(II) MAJOR INVESTMENTS, MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS AND CAPITAL OPERATIONS
      During the year ended 30 June 2026, the Group did not have any significant investments, mergers & acquisitions
      and capital operations.

(III) PLEDGE OF SIGNIFICANT ASSETS
      As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s secured bank and other loans are secured by the following assets:

      1.     Property, plant and equipment

      2.     Operating concessions

      3.     Receivables under service concession arrangements

      4.     Other intangible assets

      5.     Trade receivables

      6.     Deposit paid to a bank

      7.     Bank balances

(IV) FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE
      The Group primarily operates its businesses in the PRC, and therefore, most of its transactions, revenues and
      expenses are denominated in Renminbi. Foreign exchange exposure primarily originates from fluctuations in the
      exchange rates of the Renminbi against foreign currencies such as Hong Kong dollar, U.S. dollar and Euro.

      In the first half of 2026, Renminbi experienced significant fluctuations against major foreign currencies. The Group
      continuously monitored market dynamics and effectively enhanced its risk-resistance capabilities through optimising
      debt currency structures and improving the risk prevention mechanism, thereby ensuring financial stability.




62         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
XI. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE



(I)   AUDIT COMMITTEE
      The Board has established the Audit Committee and set out its written Terms of Reference in accordance with the
      Listing Rules. The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely, Mr. LAM Hoi Ham
      (the chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. WU Jiesi and Dr. YU Sun Say.

      The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and
      considers that appropriate accounting policies have been adopted in preparation of the relevant results and sufficient
      disclosures have been made.

(II) CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
      The Company complied with the code provisions of the “Corporate Governance Code”as set out in Appendix C1 to the
      Listing Rules for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

(III) MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
      The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct to govern securities transactions by the Directors.
      In addition, the Board has also established similar guidelines for relevant employees who may possess inside
      information about the Group or its securities.

      In response to specific enquiry from the Company, all Directors confirm that they complied with the Model Code
      regarding regulations governing securities transactions by directors during the six months ended 30 June 2026.




                                                                          BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED          63
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026
XII. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY



(I)   CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
      In 2026 and as of the date of this Report:

      –     Mr. XU Tong ceased to act as a general manager of Beijing Gas and was appointed as the chairman of Beijing
            Gas.

      Save as disclosed above, no other information is required to be disclosed in accordance with Rule 13.51B(1) of the
      Listing Rules.

(II) DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SHARES AND DEBENTURES
      At 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive in the shares, underlying
      shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO),
      which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part
      XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions
      of the SFO), or (ii) entered in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or (iii) required to
      be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:


      Long positions in shares of associated corporations

                                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                                               the associated
                                                                                  Number of ordinary        corporations’ total
                                                                                      shares directly              number of
      Director                              Associated corporation                 beneficially owned           issued shares


      TUNG Woon Cheung Eric                 BE Water                                        590,404                   0.006%
      YU Sun Say                            BE Water                                        100,000                   0.001%

      Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors or the chief executive had registered an interest
      or a short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations
      that was required to be recorded in the register pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
      Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

(III) DIRECTORS’ ARRANGEMENT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
      At no time during the Period was the Company or the Company’s subsidiary or parent company or a subsidiary of
      the Company’s parent company a party to any arrangements to enable Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
      acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.




64        BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
          INTERIM REPORT 2026
XII. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY



(IV) SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
   At 30 June 2026, the following interests and short positions of 5% or more of the issued share capital of the
   Company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the
   SFO:


   Long Positions:

                                                                                                                                        Percentage of the
                                                                                                                                         Company’s total
                                                                                                      Number of ordinary                       number of
   Name                                         Nature of interest/Capacity                                 shares held                     issued shares


   BHL                                          Beneficial owner                                                 834,000                             0.07%
   MOL                                          Beneficial owner                                             100,050,000                             7.95%
   BEIL                                         Beneficial owner/Interest in                                 263,780,288                            20.97%
                                                   controlled corporation                                        (Note 1)
   BE Group BVI                                 Beneficial owner/Interest in                                 781,967,788                            62.16%
                                                   controlled corporation                                        (Note 2)
   BE Group                                     Interest in controlled corporation                           782,801,788                            62.23%
                                                                                                                 (Note 3)
   New China Asset                              Investment manager                                            83,668,000                              6.65%
                                                                                                                 (Note 4)
   New China Life                               Beneficial owner                                              84,196,000                              6.69%
   Yuexiu Capital                               Beneficial owner/Interest in                                  64,997,500                              5.17%
                                                   controlled corporation
   Yuexiu Group                                 Interest in controlled corporation                             64,997,500                             5.17%
                                                                                                                  (Note 5)

   Notes:


   (1)      The interest disclosed includes 163,730,288 Shares directly owned by BEIL and 100,050,000 Shares owned by MOL. MOL is a wholly-owned
            subsidiary of BEIL. Accordingly, BEIL is deemed to be interested in the shares owned by MOL.


   (2)      The interest disclosed includes 518,187,500 Shares directly owned by BE Group BVI, 163,730,288 Shares owned by BEIL, and 100,050,000
            Shares owned by MOL. BEIL, the holding company of MOL, is held directly as to 72.72% by BE Group BVI. Accordingly, BE Group BVI is deemed
            to be interested in the shares owned by BEIL and MOL.


   (3)      The interest disclosed includes the interest in shares held by BE Group BVI as detailed in note (2) and the interest in shares held by BHL. BE Group
            BVI and BHL are wholly-owned subsidiaries of BE Group. Accordingly, BE Group is deemed to be interested in the shares held by BE Group BVI,
            BEIL, MOL and BHL.




                                                                                              BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED                        65
                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026
XII. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY



     (4)     Pursuant to the investment management agreement executed by New China Asset and New China Life, New China Asset agreed to provide
             investment management and consulting services for the assets of New China Life. The interest disclosed represent the interests in the assets of New
             China Life’s relevant client under the management of New China Asset as investment manager/trustee.


     (5)     The interests disclosed are the shares held by Yuexiu Capital and its controlled corporations. Yuexiu Group holds a 47% equity interest in Yuexiu
             Capital. Accordingly, Yuexiu Group is deemed to be interested in the shares held by Yuexiu Capital.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, no person, other than the Directors, whose interests are set out in the
     section “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Shares and Debentures” above, had registered an interest or a
     short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was recorded in the register of interests required
     to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

(V) SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     As at the date of this Report, details of the agreements (the “Agreement(s)”) with covenants relating to specific
     performance obligations of the Company’s holding companies which constitute disclosure obligation pursuant to
     Rules 13.18 and 13.21 of the Listing Rules are as follows:

     Date of the                                                                                                                                   Specific
     Agreement(s)/                      Nature of the                                     Aggregate                                            performance
     Issuance of Notes                  Agreement(s)/Notes                                  amount                  Final maturity              obligations
                                                                                           (million)

     5 May 2011                         Purchase agreement for                              US$400                       May 2041                     Note 1
                                          issuance of senior
                                          notes

     1 December 2015                    Subscription agreement                              US$200                 December 2040                      Note 1
                                          for issuance of bonds

     28 April 2021                      Subscription agreement                              US$400                       May 2031                     Note 1
                                          for issuance of bonds

     15 April 2024                      Issuance of medium-term                         RMB2,000                        April 2034                    Note 2
                                           notes

     27 March 2025                      Term loan facility with                         RMB2,000                      March 2028                      Note 1
                                           a bank

     27 March 2025                      Term loan facility with                         RMB3,000                      March 2028                      Note 1
                                           a bank




66         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
XII. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY



   Date of the                                                                                                                                        Specific
   Agreement(s)/                       Nature of the                                        Aggregate                                             performance
   Issuance of Notes                   Agreement(s)/Notes                                     amount                   Final maturity              obligations
                                                                                             (million)

   14 May 2025                         Term loan facility with                            RMB3,000                          May 2028                      Note 1
                                          a bank

   19 September 2025                   Term loan facility with                               EUR500               September 2028                          Note 1
                                          a bank

   24 April 2026                       Term loan facility with                               RMB950                        April 2029                     Note 1
                                          a bank

   Notes:


   1.       (a) If BE Group does not or ceases to own, directly or indirectly, at least 40% or 50%, where applicable, of the beneficial interest of the Company;
            (b) BE Group is not or ceases to be the, direct or indirect, single largest shareholder of the Company; and (c) if BE Group ceases to be controlled
            and supervised, where applicable, by the People’s Government of Beijing Municipality or SASAC of Beijing Municipality


   2.       (a) If there is a change of control: change of beneficial controller of the Company; and (b) there is a change in credit rating within six months of the
            date of such change of control: offshore rating of the Company downgraded to non-investment grade.


   The Agreements include certain conditions imposing specific performance obligations on the Company’s holding
   companies. Breach of the above specific performance obligations will constitute events of default.

(VI) HUMAN RESOURCES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
   As at 30 June 2026, the Group had approximately 34,000 employees in total. Guided by the philosophy of value-
   creation, the Group continues to enhance the motivation and creativity of its management and staff. Remuneration
   policy is determined based on factors such as job performance, professional competence and experience, industry
   practices as well as market conditions, and relevant policies are reviewed on a regular basis. Meanwhile, discretionary
   bonuses are awarded based on business performance and individual performance evaluations. In addition to pension
   schemes, the Group also provides insurance and various benefits to its employees. In terms of talent development,
   the Group strengthens its talent pool through various methods, including professional training, knowledge sharing and
   practical training.




                                                                                                BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED                          67
                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026
XIII. GLOSSARY



In this Report, the following expressions have the following meanings:

“Audit Committee”                :      audit committee of the Company

“BE Environment”                 :      Beijing Enterprises Environment Group Limited, a company listed on the Main
                                        Board of the HKSE (stock code: 00154.HK)

“BE Group”                       :      Beijing Enterprises Group Company Limited* （北京控股集團有限公司）, a
                                        company established in the PRC with limited liability. It is a state-owned enterprise
                                        wholly-owned by SASAC of Beijing Municipality and is the ultimate controlling
                                        shareholder of the Company

“BE Group BVI”                   :      Beijing Enterprises Group (BVI) Company Limited

“BE Urban Resources”             :      Beijing Enterprises Urban Resources Group Limited, a company listed on the Main
                                        Board of the HKSE (stock code: 03718.HK)

“BE Water”                       :      Beijing Enterprises Water Group Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of
                                        the HKSE (stock code: 00371.HK)

“BEHET”                          :      Beijing Enterprises Holdings Environment Technology Co., Ltd.*（北京北控環保工
                                        程技術有限公司）

“Beijing Gas”                    :      Beijing Gas Group Company Limited*（北京市燃氣集團有限責任公司）

“BEIL”                           :      Beijing Enterprises Investments Limited

“BHL”                            :      Beijing Holdings Limited

“Blue Sky”                       :      Beijing Gas Blue Sky Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the
                                        HKSE (stock code: 06828.HK)

“Board”                          :      the board of Directors of the Company

“China Gas”                      :      China Gas Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the HKSE
                                        (stock code: 00384.HK)

“Company” or “BEHL”              :      Beijing Enterprises Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the
                                        HKSE (stock code: 00392.HK)

“Director(s)”                    :      the director(s) of the Company




68         BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
           INTERIM REPORT 2026
XIII. GLOSSARY



“EEW GmbH”                 :   EEW Energy from Waste GmbH

“Euro” or “EUR”            :   the Euro, the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union

“Group”                    :   the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time

“HKSE” or “Hong Kong       :   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Stock Exchange”

“HK$”                      :   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                :   The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China

“Listing Rules”            :   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HKSE

“Model Code”               :   the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out
                               in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“MOL”                      :   Modern Orient Limited

“New China Asset”          :   New China Asset Management Company Limited

“New China Life”           :   New China Life Insurance Company Limited

“Period”                   :   for the six months ended 30 June 2026

“PipeChina Beijing         :   PipeChina Group Beijing Pipeline Co., Ltd.*（國家管網集團北京管道有限公司）
  Pipeline Co.” or
  “Beijing Pipeline Co.”

“PRC” or “China” or        :   the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this Report, excluding Hong
  “Chinese Mainland”           Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China
                               and Taiwan

“Report”                   :   this 2026 interim report of the Company

“RMB”                      :   Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SASAC of Beijing          :   the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of People’s
  Municipality”                Government of Beijing Municipality




                                                                 BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED         69
                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026
XIII. GLOSSARY



“SFO”                               :     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                          amended from time to time

“Shareholder(s)”                    :     holder(s) of Share(s)

“Shares”                            :     ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company

“US$”                               :     United States dollar, the lawful currency of the United States of America

“Overseas Oil and                   :     PJSC Verkhnechonskneftegaz project of Rosneft Oil Company
  Gas Field Project”

“Yanjing Brewery”                   :     Beijing Yanjing Brewery Co., Ltd.*（北京燕京啤酒股份有限公司）, a company
                                          listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000729.SZ)

“Yanjing Huiquan”                   :     Fujian Yanjing Huiquan Brewery Co., Ltd.*（福建省燕京惠泉啤酒股份有限公司）,
                                          a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600573.SH)

“Yanjing Investments”               :     Beijing Yanjing Brewery Investments Co., Ltd.*（北京燕京啤酒投資有限公司）

“Yuexiu Capital”                    :     Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Group Company Limited

“Yuexiu Group”                      :     Guangzhou Yuexiu Holdings Limited

* For identification purpose only




70            BEIJING ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS LIMITED
              INTERIM REPORT 2026
