                        Exchange release
                        30 August 2024



                        2024 US Annual Report (Form 20-F)1
                        BHP has filed its 2024 US Annual Report (Form 20-F) with the United States Securities and Exchange
                        Commission.




For personal use only
                        The Form 20-F has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the United States
                        Securities and Exchange Commission and, as a result, does not comply with the reporting
                        requirements under the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources
                        and Ore Reserves (JORC Code, 2012 Edition).
                        The Form 20-F can be accessed at https://www.bhp.com/news/media-centre/reports-
                        presentations/2024/08/2024-annual-reporting-suite or www.sec.gov.
                        American Depositary Receipt holders may receive a hard copy of the company’s complete audited
                        financial statements free of charge upon request by telephoning Citibank Shareholder Services (+1
                        781) 575 4555 (outside US) or +1 877 248 4237 (+1 877 CITIADR) (toll free within US).


                        Authorised for release by Stefanie Wilkinson, Group Company Secretary.




                        1
                            This release was made outside the hours of operation of the ASX market announcements office.

                        BHP Group Limited ABN 49 004 028 077
                         Contacts

                         Media                                        Investor Relations
                         media.relations@bhp.com                      investor.relations@bhp.com


                         Australia and Asia                           Australia and Asia
                         Gabrielle Notley                             John-Paul Santamaria
                         +61 411 071 715                               +61 499 006 018




For personal use only
                         Europe, Middle East and Africa               Europe, Middle East and Africa
                         Neil Burrows                                 James Bell
                         +44 7786 661 683                             +44 7961 636 432

                         Americas                                     Americas
                         Renata Fernandez                             Monica Nettleton
                         +56 9 8229 5357                              +1 (416) 518-6293
                         Megan Hjulfors
                         +1 (403) 605-2314

                         BHP Group Limited
                         ABN 49 004 028 077
                         LEI WZE1WSENV6JSZFK0JC28
                         Registered in Australia
                         Level 18, 171 Collins Street
                         Melbourne
                         Victoria 3000 Australia
                         Tel: +61 1300 55 4757 Fax: +61 3 9609 3015
                         BHP Group is headquartered in Australia


                         bhp.com




                        BHP Group Limited ABN 49 004 028 077
           
                                                                         UNITED STATES
                                                             SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                                                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                                                                                             
           




                                                                                                  FORM 20-F
                                                                                                             
           




           (Mark One)
           



                                  ☐        REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

           
                                                                                                  OR
                                  ☒        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                           FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
           
                                                                                                  OR
                                  ☐        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

           
                                                                                                                            OR
           



                                  ☐        SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                   Date of event requiring this shell company report
           
                                                                                            Commission File No.: 001-09526
                                                                                             BHP GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                              (ABN 49 004 028 077)
                                                                                 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                                                                         N/A
                                                                                   (Translation of Registrant’s name into English)
                                                                                           VICTORIA, AUSTRALIA
                                                                                    (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
                                                                                         171 COLLINS STREET
                                                                                       MELBOURNE, VICTORIA 3000
                                                                                              AUSTRALIA




For personal use only
                                                                                         (Address of principal executive offices)

                                                                                  STEFANIE WILKINSON
                                                                                   BHP GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                   171 COLLINS STREET
                                                                                   MELBOURNE VIC 3000
                                                                                        AUSTRALIA
                                                                             TELEPHONE AUSTRALIA 1300 55 47 57
                                                                          TELEPHONE INTERNATIONAL +61 3 9609 3333
                                                                                 FACSIMILE +61 3 9609 3015
                                                                                (Name, telephone, e-mail and/or facsimile number and
                                                                                         address of company contact person)
                                                                                                             
           




                                                               Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.
           


                                                                                                                                                         Name of each exchange on
                                     Title of each class                                               Trading symbol                                        which registered
                              American Depositary Shares*                                                    BHP                                         New York Stock Exchange
           
                                    Ordinary Shares**                                                        BHP                                         New York Stock Exchange
           *            Evidenced by American Depositary Receipts. Each American Depositary Receipt represents two ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited.
           **           Not for trading, but only in connection with the listing of the American Depositary Shares.
                                                                    Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act.
                                                                                                          None
                                                                                                    (Title of Class)
                                                              Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act.
                                                                                                         None
                                                                                                    (Title of Class)
                                                                                                             
           




           Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.
           


                                                                                                                                                                                            BHP Group Limited
           Ordinary Shares:                                                                                                                                                                   5,071,530,817
           Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐
           If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
           Yes ☐ No ☒
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
           such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this
           chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of “large accelerated
           filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
           




           Large accelerated filer       ☒                                                                                                                              Accelerated filer                     ☐
           Non-accelerated filer          ☐                                                                                                                            Emerging growth company                ☐
           If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
           period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
           † The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5,
           2012.
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
           Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 762(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
           If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error
           to previously issued financial statements. ☐
           Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive
           officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
           Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:
           



           U.S. GAAP ☐                                     International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ☒                                      Other ☐
           If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow. Item 17 ☐          Item 18 ☐
           If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
           (APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the
           distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes ☐ No ☐
           
           
           Company details
           BHP Group Limited’s registered office and global headquarters are at 171 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia.
           ‘BHP’, the ‘Company’, the ‘Group’, ‘BHP Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘ourselves’ refer to BHP Group Limited, and
           except where the context otherwise requires, our subsidiaries.

           Refer to Financial Statements note 30 ‘Subsidiaries’ for a list of our significant subsidiaries and to Exhibit 8.1 – List of Subsidiaries for a list of our
           subsidiaries. Those terms do not include non-operated assets.

           This Report covers functions and assets (including those under exploration, projects in development or execution phases, sites and operations that are
           closed or in the closure phase) that have been wholly owned and operated by BHP or that have been owned as a joint venture(1) operated by BHP
           (referred to in this Report as ‘operated assets’ or ‘operations’) from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024, unless otherwise stated. Certain sections of this Report
           include data in relation to the Daunia and Blackwater mines, which were divested during the year. Data in relation to the Daunia and Blackwater mines
           is shown for the period up to completion on 2 April 2024, unless stated otherwise. Some of the land and tenements related to the Daunia and Blackwater
           mines are pending transfer following completion, however given that the assets are no longer under BMA’s control or operated for BMA’s benefit
           (except for periods prior to completion or where specifically stated) data related to the land and tenements has been excluded from this Report.

           BHP also holds interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated by BHP (referred to in this Report as ‘non-operated joint ventures’
           or ‘non-operated assets’). Notwithstanding that this Report may include production, financial and other information from non-operated assets,
           non-operated assets are not included in the BHP Group and, as a result, statements regarding our operations, assets and values apply only to our operated
           assets unless stated otherwise.

           BHP Group Limited has a primary listing on the Australian Securities Exchange. BHP holds an international secondary listing on the London Stock
           Exchange, a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and an ADR program listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


           Introduction
           This document is our annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 30 June 2024 (this “Annual Report”). Reference is made to our Australian Annual




For personal use only
           Report for the year ended 30 June 2024, which has been furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on a Report on
           Form 6-K on 27 August 2024, which includes information that has been omitted from this Form 20-F. Only information that is included in, or expressly
           incorporated by reference into, this Form 20-F shall be deemed to form a part of this Annual Report.

           The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our filings
           with the SEC are available to the public through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.

           Materiality, as used in the context of climate and sustainability-related disclosures, may differ from the materiality standards applied by other reporting
           regimes, including as defined for SEC reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of sustainability in this document are therefore
           not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes.

           All references to websites in this Annual Report are intended to be inactive textual references for information only and any information contained in or
           accessible through any such website does not form a part of this Annual Report.


           Forward-looking statements
           This Report contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements, other than
           statements of historical or present facts, including: statements regarding trends in commodity prices and currency exchange rates; demand for
           commodities; global market conditions, reserves and resources estimates; development and production forecasts; guidance; expectations, plans,
           strategies and objectives of management; climate scenarios; approval of projects and consummation of transactions; closure, divestment, acquisition or
           integration of certain assets, operations or facilities (including associated costs or benefits); anticipated production or construction commencement dates;
           capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and availability of materials and skilled employees; anticipated productive lives of projects, mines and
           facilities; the availability, implementation and adoption of new technologies, including artificial intelligence; provisions and contingent liabilities; and
           tax, legal and other regulatory developments.

           Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology, including, but not limited to, ‘aim’, ‘ambition’, ‘anticipate’, ‘aspiration’,
           ‘believe’, ‘commit’, ‘continue’, ‘could’, ‘ensure’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘forecast’, ‘goal’, ‘guidance’, ‘intend’, ‘likely’, ‘may’, ‘milestone’, ‘must’,
           ‘need’, ‘objective’, ‘outlook’, ‘pathways’, ‘plan’, ‘project’, ‘schedule’, ‘seek’, ‘should’, ‘target’, ‘trend’, ‘will’, ‘would’, or similar words. These
           statements discuss future expectations or performance, or provide other forward-looking information.
           
           (1)          References in this Annual Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP.
                        Such references are not intended to characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.
           
                                                                                              i
           Examples of forward-looking statements contained in this Report include, without limitation, statements describing (i) our strategy, our values and how
           we define our success; (ii) our expectations regarding future demand for certain commodities, in particular copper, nickel, iron ore, steelmaking coal,
           potash and steel, and our intentions, commitments or expectations with respect to our supply of certain commodities, including copper, nickel, iron ore,
           potash, uranium and gold; (iii) our future exploration and partnership plans and perceived benefits and opportunities, including our focus to grow our
           copper and potash assets; (iv) our business outlook, including our outlook for long-term economic growth and other macroeconomic and industry trends;
           (vi) our projected and expected production and performance levels and development projects; (vii) our expectations regarding our investments,
           including in potential growth options and technology and innovation, and perceived benefits and opportunities; (viii) our reserves and resources
           estimates; (ix) our plans for our major projects and related budget and capital allocations; (x) our expectations, commitments and objectives with respect
           to sustainability, decarbonisation, natural resource management, climate change and portfolio resilience and timelines and plans to seek to achieve or
           implement such objectives, including our approach to equitable change and transitions, our Climate Transition Action Plan, climate change adaptation
           strategy and goals, targets, pathways and strategies to seek to reduce or support the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, and related perceived costs,
           benefits and opportunities for BHP; (xi) the assumptions, beliefs and conclusions in our climate change related statements and strategies, including in
           our Climate Change Report 2020, for example, in respect of future temperatures, energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, and climate-related
           impacts; (xii) our commitment to social value; (xiii) our commitments to sustainability reporting, frameworks, standards and initiatives; (xiv) our
           commitments to improve or maintain safe tailings storage management; (xv) our commitments to achieve certain inclusion and diversity targets,
           aspirations and outcomes; (xvi) our commitments to achieve certain targets and outcomes with respect to Indigenous peoples and the communities
           where we operate; and (xvii) our commitments to achieve certain health and safety targets and outcomes.

           Forward-looking statements are based on management’s expectations and reflect judgements, assumptions, estimates and other information available, as
           at the date of this Report. These statements do not represent guarantees or predictions of future financial or operational performance and involve known
           and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and which may cause actual results to differ materially from
           those expressed in the statements contained in this Report. BHP cautions against reliance on any forward-looking statements.

           For example, our future revenues from our assets, projects or mines described in this Report will be based, in part, on the market price of the
           commodities produced, which may vary significantly from current levels or those reflected in our reserves and resources estimates. These variations, if
           materially adverse, may affect the timing or the feasibility of the development of a particular project, the expansion of certain facilities or mines, or the
           continuation of existing assets.




For personal use only
           Other factors that may affect our future operations and performance, including the actual construction or production commencement dates, revenues,
           costs or production output and anticipated lives of assets, mines or facilities include: (i) our ability to profitably produce and deliver the products
           extracted to applicable markets; (ii) the impact of economic and geopolitical factors, including foreign currency exchange rates on the market prices of
           the commodities we produce and competition in the markets in which we operate; (iii) activities of government authorities in the countries where we sell
           our products and in the countries where we are exploring or developing projects, facilities or mines, including increases in taxes and royalties or
           implementation of trade or export restrictions; (iv) changes in environmental and other regulations; (v) political or geopolitical uncertainty; (vi) labour
           unrest; (vii) weather, climate variability or other manifestations of climate change; and (viii) other factors identified in the risk factors set out in
           OFR 8.1.
           In addition, there are limitations with respect to scenario analysis, including any climate-related scenario analysis, and it is difficult to predict which, if
           any, of the scenarios might eventuate. Scenario analysis is not an indication of probable outcomes and relies on assumptions that may or may not prove
           to be correct or eventuate.

           Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not undertake to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as
           a result of new information or future events.

           Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.


           Emissions and energy consumption data
           Due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in measuring GHG emissions and operational energy consumption under the calculation methodologies
           used in the preparation of such data, all GHG emissions and operational energy consumption data or references to GHG emissions and operational
           energy consumption volumes (including ratios or percentages) in this Report are estimates. There may also be differences in the manner that third parties
           calculate or report GHG emissions or operational energy consumption data compared to BHP, which means third-party data may not be comparable to
           our data. For information on how we calculate our GHG emissions and operational energy consumption, refer to the BHP GHG Emissions Calculation
           Methodology 2024, available at bhp.com/climate
           
                                                                                          ii
                                                                     Form 20-F Cross Reference Table
           
            Item Number                                 Description                                              Report section reference
           1.               Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisors           Not applicable
           2.               Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable                         Not applicable
           3.               Key Information
                 A          [Reserved]                                                      Not applicable
                 B          Capitalization and indebtedness                                 Not applicable
                 C          Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds                       Not applicable
                 D          Risk factors                                                    8.1
           4.               Information on the Company
                 A          History and development of the company                          Cover page, Company details, Chair’s review, Chief Executive
                                                                                            Officer’s review, Operating and Financial Review 1 to 9,
                                                                                            Additional information 1, 2, 4 to 9.4
                        B   Business overview                                               Operating and Financial Review 1 to 5, 9, Additional information
                                                                                            1, 4 to 8, 9.3, 9.9 and Note 1 to the Financial Statements
                        C   Organizational structure                                        Additional information 9.3 and Note 30 to the Financial
                                                                                            Statements
                        D   Property, plants and equipment                                  Operating and Financial Review 3, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6 to 9, Additional
                                                                                            information 1, 4 to 6 and Notes 11, 15 and 22 to the Financial
                                                                                            Statements
           4A.              Unresolved Staff Comments                                       None
           5.               Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
                        A   Operating results                                               Operating and Financial Review 4, 5, 9, Additional information 2
                                                                                            to 4
                        B   Liquidity and capital resources                                 Operating and Financial Review 4, Financial Statements 1.4, Notes
                                                                                            11 and 21 to 24 to the Financial Statements
                        C   Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.            Operating and Financial Review 3, 5, 8 and 9, Directors’ Report




For personal use only
                                                                                            10, Additional information 1, 5, 6 and Notes 11 and 15 to the
                                                                                            Financial Statements
                        D   Trend information                                               Chair’s review, Chief Executive Officer’s review, Operating and
                                                                                            Financial Review 1 to 6, 8, 9, Additional information 1 to 7
                        E   Critical Accounting Estimates                                   IFRS is applied in the Financial Statements as issued by the IASB
           6.               Directors, Senior Management and Employees
                        A   Directors and senior management                                 Corporate Governance Statement 4.1, 6.1, Directors’ Report 2
                        B   Compensation                                                    Remuneration Report
                        C   Board practices                                                 Corporate Governance Statement 4.1, 4.7, 5.2, 5.4, Remuneration
                                                                                            Report
                        D   Employees                                                       Operating and Financial Review 6.6, Additional information 7
                        E   Share ownership                                                 Remuneration Report, Directors’ Report 3, 4 and Notes 17, 18, 25
                                                                                            and 26 to the Financial Statements
                        F   Erroneously Awarded Compensation                                Not applicable
           7.               Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
                        A   Major shareholders                                              Additional information 9.5
                        B   Related party transactions                                      Remuneration Report and Notes 25 and 33 to the Financial
                                                                                            Statements
                        C   Interests of experts and counsel                                Not applicable
           8.               Financial Information
           
                                                                                   iii
                        A   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information        Operating and Financial Review 7, Additional information 8, 9.6,
                                                                                           Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 in this Annual
                                                                                           Report and Financial Statements 1A
                        B   Significant Changes                                            Note 35 to the Financial Statements
           9.               The Offer and Listing
                        A   Offer and listing details                                      Additional information 9.2
                        B   Plan of distribution                                           Not applicable
                        C   Markets                                                        Additional information 9.2
                        D   Selling shareholders                                           Not applicable
                        E   Dilution                                                       Not applicable
                        F   Expenses of the issue                                          Not applicable
           10.              Additional Information
                        A   Share capital                                                  Not applicable
                        B   Memorandum and articles of association                         Additional information 9.3, 9.4
                        C   Material contracts                                             Additional Information 8 (regarding the Framework Agreement)
                        D   Exchange controls                                              Additional information 9.9
                        E   Taxation                                                       Additional information 9.10
                        F   Dividends and paying agents                                    Not applicable
                        G   Statement by experts                                           Not applicable
                        H   Documents on display                                           Additional information 9.4
                        I   Subsidiary information                                         Note 30 to the Financial Statements and Exhibit 8.1
                        J   Annual Report to Security Holders                              Not applicable
           11.              Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     Note 24 to the Financial Statements
           12.              Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
                        A   Debt Securities                                                Not applicable
                        B   Warrants and Rights                                            Not applicable
                        C   Other Securities                                               Not applicable
                        D   American Depositary Shares                                     Additional information 9.7 and Exhibit 2.1




For personal use only
           13.              Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies                Not applicable
           14.              Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and   Not applicable
                            Use of Proceeds
           15.              Controls and Procedures                                        Corporate Governance Statement 9.2 and Financial
                                                                                           Statements 1A
           16A.             Audit committee financial expert                               Corporate Governance Statement 5.2
           16B.             Code of Ethics                                                 Corporate Governance Statement 8
           16C.             Principal Accountant Fees and Services                         Corporate Governance Statement 9.2 and Note 36 to the
                                                                                           Financial Statements
           16D.             Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees     Not applicable
           16E.             Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated    Directors’ Report 4
                            Purchasers
           16F.             Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant                   Not applicable
           16G.             Corporate Governance                                           Corporate Governance Statement
           16H.             Mine Safety Disclosure                                         Not applicable
           16I.             Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent        Not applicable
                            Inspections
           16J.             Insider Trading Policies                                       Exhibit 11.1
           16K.             Cybersecurity                                                  Operating and Financial Review 8.1, Additional information 9.8
           17.              Financial Statements                                           Not applicable
           18.              Financial Statements                                           Financial Statements begin on page F-1 in this Annual Report
           19.              Exhibits                                                       Exhibits
           
                                                                                  iv
           Bringing people and resources together to build a better world.
           “A resource mix for today. Critical for the future. Our project pipeline and focus on continuous improvement in existing operations leave us well poised
           for growth across our four commodity pillars of copper, potash, iron ore and steelmaking coal in the decades ahead.”

           Mike Henry

           Chief Executive Officer
           
                                                                                      v




For personal use only
           Contents
           
           Chair’s review                                                    1
           Chief Executive Officer’s review                                  3


           Operating and Financial Review
           1            Why BHP                                              5
           1.1          Where we operate                                     7
           1.2          Our portfolio                                        8
           2            What differentiates us                              10
           3            Positioning for growth                              15
           4            Financial review                                    18
           4.1          Group overview                                      18
           4.2          Key performance indicators                          18
           4.3          Financial results                                   20
           4.4          Debt and sources of liquidity                       22
           5            Our assets                                          25
           5.1          Minerals Australia                                  25
           5.2          Copper South Australia                              28
           5.3          Minerals Americas                                   29




For personal use only
           5.4          Commercial                                          32
           6            Sustainability                                      34
           6.1          Safety                                              34
           6.2          Our sustainability approach                         37
           6.3          Sustainability governance                           37
           6.4          Material sustainability topics for reporting        38
           6.5          2030 goals                                          40
           6.6          People                                              43
           6.7          Health                                              50
           6.8          Ethics and business conduct                         53
           6.9          Climate change                                      55
           6.10 Environment and nature                                      70
           6.11 Community                                                   77
           6.12 Indigenous peoples                                          79
           6.13 Independent limited assurance report                        83
           7            Samarco                                             84
           8            How we manage risk                                  85
           8.1          Risk factors                                        87
           8.2          Management of risks                                 92
           9            Performance by commodity                            99
           
                                                                       vi
           9.1          Copper                                                                  99
           9.2          Iron ore                                                                100
           9.3          Coal                                                                    101
           9.4          Other assets                                                            102
           9.5          Impact of changes to commodity prices                                   103
           10           Non-IFRS financial information                                          104
           10.1 Definition and calculation of non-IFRS financial information                    116
           10.2 Definition and calculation of principal factors                                 119
           11           Other information                                                       120
           11.1 Company details                                                                 120
           11.2 Forward-looking statements                                                      120

           Governance
           Corporate Governance Statement                                                       121
           1            Corporate governance at BHP                                             121
           2            FY2024 corporate governance highlights                                  121
           3            BHP’s governance structure                                              122
           4            Board composition and succession                                        123
           5            Board Committees                                                        132
           6            Management                                                              135




For personal use only
           7            Shareholders and reporting                                              136
           8            Culture and conduct                                                     138
           9            Risk management and assurance                                           139
           10           US requirements                                                         142
           Directors’ Report                                                                    143
           1            Review of operations, principal activities and state of affairs         143
           2            Directors                                                               143
           3            Share interests                                                         144
           4            Share capital and buy-back programs                                     145
           5            Group Company Secretary                                                 145
           6            Indemnities and insurance                                               145
           7            Dividends                                                               145
           8            Auditors                                                                145
           9            Non-audit services                                                      145
           10           Exploration, research and development                                   146
           11           ASIC Instrument 2016/191                                                146
           12           Proceedings on behalf of BHP Group Limited                              146
           13           Performance in relation to environmental regulation                     146
           14           Additional information                                                  146
           
                                                                                          vii
           Remuneration Report                                                           147
           People and Remuneration Committee Chair letter to shareholders                148
           1            Remuneration governance                                          151
           2            Executive KMP remuneration framework                             152
           3            Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP                 155
           4            Remuneration for Non-executive Directors                         162
           5            Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures                 164


           Financial Statements                                                          171
           Additional information
           1            Information on mining operations                                 172
           2            Financial information summary                                    195
           3            Financial information by commodity                               196
           4            Production                                                       198
           5            Major projects                                                   201
           6            Mineral resources and mineral reserves                           202
           7            People - performance data                                        225
           8            Legal proceedings                                                227
           9            Shareholder information                                          231




For personal use only
           9.1          History and development                                          231
           9.2          Markets                                                          231
           9.3          Organisational structure                                         232
           9.4          Constitution                                                     232
           9.5          Share ownership                                                  235
           9.6          Dividends                                                        238
           9.7          American Depositary Receipts fees and charges                    238
           9.8          Supplemental cybersecurity disclosures for US reporting          239
           9.9          Government regulations                                           240
           9.10 Taxation                                                                 243
           10           Glossary                                                         247


           Exhibits                                                                      263
           
                                                                                  viii
                     
For personal use only




                ix
            
For personal use only




        x
           Chair’s review
           Dear Shareholders,

           I am pleased to provide BHP’s Annual Report for FY2024.

           Our operational and financial performance was strong in FY2024, and we made solid progress against our social value and sustainability commitments.
           It is more than four years since we began the strategic transformation of BHP’s portfolio towards future-facing commodities and the world has changed
           markedly in that time. Thank you for the trust you have given us through this period.

           Today, BHP has a portfolio of world-class assets focused on products that are critical to the future. A portfolio positioned for growth, yet resilient and
           able to withstand volatility. A product mix that can continue to deliver financial and social value over the long term.

           However, FY2024 was overshadowed by a fatality. We are deeply saddened that Luke O’Brien, a team member working with one of our contracting
           partners at BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA), was fatally injured in January in a vehicle incident at the Saraji mine in Queensland. Our heartfelt thoughts
           and condolences go to Luke’s family and friends. Safety is our top priority and our commitment to zero fatalities and serious injuries at BHP is
           unwavering.

           Our strategic priorities
           During FY2024 I had the pleasure of meeting with our people, Indigenous partners, suppliers and other stakeholders at our global sites and offices.
           These discussions reinforced that our ongoing commitment to the priorities of safety, culture and capability, capital discipline, the continued
           development of our world-class portfolio and social value continue to be the right focus areas for BHP.

           Safe, inclusive and productive workplaces
           Our commitment to safety includes eliminating sexual harassment, racism and bullying in our workplaces. We are determined to eliminate these
           unequivocally unacceptable behaviours.

           We know diverse and inclusive teams are safer and more productive. We achieved a 1.9 percentage point year-on-year increase in female employee




For personal use only
           participation in FY2024 to 37.1 per cent by year end. We also made progress towards our Indigenous employment targets, including Indigenous
           employee participation reaching 10.1 per cent in Chile and 11.2 per cent in Canada by year end. We have more work to do, but we are making progress
           on our commitment to provide a safe and inclusive workplace culture.

           Positioned for success
           BHP, and mining, have a clear and undeniable role to provide the metals and minerals the world needs for more sustainable development.

           The global trends shaping our future are interconnected, unstoppable and bring with them new challenges and opportunities for our sector. A growing
           and increasingly urbanised population seeking a higher standard of living will require vast amounts of metals and minerals. That demand will only be
           amplified by the energy transition.

           We are continuing to position our portfolio to align with these trends. Iron ore for steel to build cities and renewables infrastructure, steelmaking coal for
           the blast furnace process for making steel, copper for electrification, nickel for electric vehicle batteries and potash for food security and more
           sustainable land.

           Delivering value
           BHP’s strong operational performance and disciplined approach to capital allocation has seen the Board determine dividends totaling US$7.4 billion to
           shareholders for the year. This will take the total amount of cash dividends returned to you since 1 July 2021 to over US$42 billion including the
           FY2024 final dividend.

           We continued to make significant contributions to the communities where we operate through employment, community partnerships, payments to local
           suppliers, and taxes and royalties paid to governments. Our total global economic contribution was US$49.2 billion in FY2024.

           Creating social value is vital to our business and goes hand in hand with long-term sustainable shareholder value. In FY2024, we delivered tangible
           progress in each of the six pillars of our social framework which are focused on decarbonisation, the environment, Indigenous partnerships, workforce,
           communities, and supply chains. Social value is interwoven into our strategic decision-making through our social value framework, which helps us to
           meet the world’s demand for resources more sustainably, with more renewable energy, less fresh water use and less disruption.

           Our social value highlights in FY2024 included the completion of all our FY2024 Australian Reconciliation Action Plan targets and reforms,
           US$137 million in voluntary social investment including community and environmental initiatives and continued progress towards reducing our
           operational greenhouse gas emissions.
           
                                                                                         1
           Our Climate Transition Action Plan 2024 provides an update on our climate change strategy and our progress and plans in relation to our greenhouse gas
           emissions goals and targets. Our plan shows we are serious about addressing the impacts of climate change from our business while continuing to
           provide strong shareholder returns. At the Annual General Meeting this year there will be a ‘Say on climate’ vote and I recommend you vote in favour of
           our Climate Transition Action Plan 2024.


           Board updates
           Our structured Board renewal process continued in FY2024. Ross McEwan joined the Board as a Non-executive Director on 3 April 2024. Ross has
           significant experience in the financial services industry with deep expertise in capital allocation, risk management and value creation in complex
           regulatory environments. Don Lindsay also joined the Board as a Non-executive Director on 1 May 2024 and brings over 40 years of global experience
           in the resources sector and investment banking, including in mining and resource development, financial markets, growth and value creation. In April
           2024, Ian Cockerill retired from the Board and in October 2023, Terry Bowen also retired from the Board. We benefited greatly from Ian’s and Terry’s
           extensive experience and I would like to thank them for their contribution and commitment to BHP during their time with us.


           Outlook
           In recent decades, we have seen global economies and supply chains come together and support sustained economic development. Today, we are seeing
           more turbulence, tension and polarisation in the geopolitical landscape. We expect economic conditions to remain challenging in FY2025 as geopolitical
           issues continue to create volatility and impact global markets, security and trade.

           Despite these challenges, I am optimistic about our future.

           We have a world-class portfolio of large, long-life and high-quality assets which stands to benefit from the global changes shaping our world. We have a
           clear focus on being the best operator in the resources sector, being disciplined in capital management through our Capital Allocation Framework and
           having a differentiated approach to creating social value. We have a culture that is committed to safety, productivity and continuous improvement and
           we are working to make our workforce more inclusive and diverse.

           I am confident BHP is well positioned to continue to create sustainable long-term value for shareholders and for our partners and stakeholders in the




For personal use only
           year ahead.

           Thank you for your continued support.


           /s/ Ken MacKenzie

           Ken MacKenzie

           Chair
           
                                                                                       2
           Chief Executive Officer’s review
           Dear Shareholders,

           At BHP, we work to bring people and resources together to build a better world, and we continued to make solid progress on this in FY2024.

           The tragic loss of a coworker at Saraji in January in a light vehicle incident underscored why safety must remain our first priority. Following an
           investigation, we have identified improvement areas for Saraji and BMA and work is underway to implement these. We must eliminate fatalities and
           serious injuries at our operations.

           It was a year of strong overall business performance at BHP. By executing our strategy, we outperformed our competitors in key areas. We achieved an
           annual production record at Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO), where we also widened our lead as the world’s lowest-cost iron ore producer. We
           delivered record production at copper assets Spence and Carrapateena, and the highest copper production in four years at Escondida – the world’s largest
           copper mine. We will distribute dividends totaling 146 US cents per share for the year.


           Poised for growth
           We continued to advance growth options in the commodities the world needs to meet the demands of the energy transition and population growth. We
           believe we have the balance sheet, technical and operational capability that will be needed to unlock new supply for the decades to come.

           Construction of our Jansen potash project in Canada is ahead of the original schedule and first production is expected in just over two years. We have
           approved Jansen Stage 2, which will make BHP one of the leading players in the global potash industry by the end of the decade.

           We have strengthened our position in copper. The integration of Prominent Hill and Carrapateena with Olympic Dam has delivered greater-than-
           expected synergies. We are exploring options to grow Copper South Australia’s production beyond 500 kilotonnes per annum (ktpa) of copper, with
           further potential up to 650 ktpa. In July 2024, we increased our early-stage copper options by agreeing to acquire a 50 per cent interest in the Filo del Sol
           and Josemaria projects with Lundin Mining in Argentina and Chile. If approved, this will give us the opportunity to advance one of the most significant
           copper discoveries globally in recent decades.




For personal use only
           Our project pipeline and focus on continuous improvement in existing operations leave us well poised for growth across our four commodity pillars of
           copper, potash, iron ore and steelmaking coal in the decades ahead.


           Winning strategy
           Our actions in FY2024 are consistent with our winning strategy, founded on the three strategic pillars of safety and sustainability, exceptional
           performance and winning portfolio. In a cyclical industry, the stability of our operations and financial performance reflects the resilience and durability
           of our business.

           The creation of social value is integral to our strategy and the delivery of long-term shareholder value. When we create social value, we build our case as
           the preferred partner for communities, we gain access to more opportunities, and we attract the best talent.

           In the financial year, we increased Indigenous employment globally and boosted supplier spend with Indigenous businesses by 83 per cent to more than
           US$600 million. This was part of a broader 9 per cent increase to US$3.3 billion in supplier spend by BHP-operated businesses to more than 2,600
           small, local and Indigenous businesses. This not only benefits our operations, but provides crucial support for jobs, businesses and families in regional
           communities surrounding them.

           We made further progress on our operational decarbonisation plans and remain on track to meet our operational GHG emissions target of at least a
           30 per cent reduction by FY2030 against an FY2020 baseline.


           Refining our portfolio
           We continue to focus on building a portfolio of world-class assets in attractive commodities in stable jurisdictions.

           We refined our steelmaking coal portfolio in Queensland with the sale of the Daunia and Blackwater mines by our joint venture BMA. This strategic
           shift positions BMA well for the forecasted strong demand for higher-quality steelmaking coal. Following the transaction, around 90 per cent of our
           steelmaking coals are high-grade products attracting premium pricing.

           In July 2024, we made the difficult but necessary decision to transition Western Australia Nickel into a period of temporary suspension. This reflected
           significant global oversupply of nickel, which we expect will continue until the end of the decade. We have offered redeployment to all frontline
           workers in other parts of BHP and will continue to support impacted host communities in a range of ways, including through our A$20 million
           Community Fund. We will continue to invest approximately US$300 million per annum in our Western Australia Nickel facilities to enable a potential
           re-start if the global nickel market outlook improves. We will review the decision by February 2027.


           Our people and culture differentiate us
           Our strong performance in FY2024 is a testament to our more than 90,000 employees and contractors who work hard to build a better BHP every day.
           They are empowered to do so by the BHP Operating System and we continue to build an inclusive and diverse culture with a performance edge.
           
                                                                                        3
           During the year we refreshed Our Values, which set the tone for our culture. Our Values comprise three simple statements. First and foremost, we must
           always ‘Do what’s right’ – operating safely and with integrity are non-negotiable. We also need to constantly ‘Seek better ways’ – listening to others,
           seeking out new ideas, and improving on today. And finally, we must always strive to ‘Make a difference’, which applies not only to the company and
           the team, but also to the individual. Every day we have the opportunity to have a positive impact on performance, those around us, and the world. Our
           Values help guide everything we do at BHP. They reflect both what we stand for and who we aspire to be.


           Innovation and technology
           BHP is well placed to capitalise on the opportunities afforded by artificial intelligence (AI) and advanced data analytics given our large-scale, repeatable
           operations and processes, and vast amounts of data. We are already starting to see benefits. The application of AI at our Escondida processing plants has
           helped save more than three gigalitres of water – and 118-gigawatt hours of energy – since FY2022. Machine learning has assisted in the discovery of
           new copper deposits in Australia and the United States.

           Through our Xplor and BHP Ventures programs we continue to seek new partnerships and access to game-changing technologies and insight to help
           drive sustainable growth for the decades ahead.


           In great shape
           BHP finished FY2024 in an excellent position. We are well placed to benefit from the significant global changes happening around us. We have strategic
           clarity and exposure to the right commodities. We continue to build on our excellence in operations and discipline in our capital allocation.

           We hold resilient, long-term assets with substantial optionality. This allows us to make smart choices about how and where we use our balance sheet to
           fund growth and generate value.

           As we look to FY2025, we will continue to execute our strategy to create value for our shareholders, community partners and stakeholders, now and into
           the future.

           Thank you for your continued support.




For personal use only
           /s/ Mike Henry


           Mike Henry

           Chief Executive Officer
           
                                                                                        4
           1            Why BHP
           Our strategy
           We will responsibly manage the most resilient long-term portfolio of assets, in highly attractive commodities, and will grow value through being
           excellent at operations, discovering and developing resources, acquiring the right assets and options, and capital allocation.

           Through our differentiated approach to social value, we will be a trusted partner who creates value for all stakeholders.
           




For personal use only
           The world needs essential metals and minerals to be produced by companies who set and uphold high ESG standards, who run their operations safely
           and efficiently, and who allocate capital in a consistent and disciplined way. These are the companies that will succeed. This is BHP.

           Our capabilities, track record, scale and the unique way we work through the BHP Operating System enable a culture of continuous improvement.

           We aim to grow value for our shareholders, partners and stakeholders through our portfolio of large long-life quality assets in attractive commodities and
           through our focus on social value, which is integral to how we operate.

           BHP is positioned to benefit from the changes shaping our planet now and for decades to come as demand for our commodities grows.


           Our products are vital
           Population growth, urbanisation and improving living standards are global trends that underpin strong demand for the commodities we produce.

           Demand for essential commodities is expected to increase as the world seeks to decarbonise.

           Iron ore is needed for making steel to build cities and renewables infrastructure. Steelmaking coal is needed for the blast furnace process for making
           steel. Copper is vital for electrification. Nickel can be used in electric vehicle batteries. Potash can help with food security and more sustainable land
           use.


           Scale is important
           As new large low-cost ore bodies become harder to find and develop, the scale and quality of our assets set us apart. We have some of the largest
           resources and lowest-cost assets in the world.

           One of our biggest growth levers is productivity and unlocking more value from our existing assets. We seek to improve productivity through the
           capabilities of our people and culture of continuous improvement driven through the BHP Operating System, and the use of technology and innovation
           to extract more from what we do every day and more from our resources.
           
                                                                                         5
           The scale of our assets provides multiple growth options. We are seeking to produce more iron ore in Western Australia. We are working to improve
           productivity at our steelmaking coal operations in Queensland. We are advancing multiple growth options in copper in Chile and our recently
           established copper province in South Australia. We have sanctioned the second stage of our Jansen potash project in Canada, which will eventually
           double its expected annual production.

           >For more information refer to OFR 5


           Social value is embedded in everything we do
           We are committed to social value: our positive contribution to society. It is vital for our future and a consideration in the strategic decisions we make.

           Social value underpins stable operations, reduces risk and opens doors to opportunities, partnerships, talent and capital. Delivering social value will help
           us to continue to generate long-term value for all partners and stakeholders, including shareholders.

           >For more information refer to OFR 6.2 to 6.5


           We do what we say
           BHP has a track record of doing what we say we will do. We continue to plan strategically, responsibly, consistently, with a clear focus on being the best
           operator, being disciplined in capital allocation and continuing to generate value and returns for stakeholders.

           We have generated net operating cash flows of over US$15 billion for all but one of the past 15 years. This stability is our hallmark – achieved through
           robust capital management and consistent operational performance.

           Including the final dividend for FY2024 declared, we will have distributed more than US$42 billion in total in cash dividends to shareholders since
           1 July 2021. This includes US$7.4 billion in cash dividends for FY2024.

           Our total economic contribution in FY2024 was US$49.2 billion. This includes contributions to suppliers, wages and benefits for more than 90,000




For personal use only
           employees and contractors, dividends, taxes and royalties, and voluntary investment in projects in the communities where we operate.

           >For more information refer to OFR 4 and the BHP Economic Contribution Report 2024 available at bhp.com/ECR2024


           The future is clear
           Key commodities we produce or are positioning to produce are vital for a better world and can help address global challenges, such as climate change
           and food security.

           We are continuing to build an inclusive and diverse workforce of talented people. We have a strong balance sheet and industry-leading operational
           capability underpinned by the BHP Operating System and our technical Centres of Excellence.

           Our track record, long-term stability and commitment to social value and sustainability set us apart.

           This combination will help us achieve our aim of growing value more consistently for our partners and stakeholders and drive attractive returns and
           long-term value for our shareholders.
           
                                                                                         6
           1.1          Where we operate
           




           Footnotes
           
                         1.    This includes contribution to suppliers, wages and benefits for employees and contractors, dividends, taxes and royalties, and voluntary
                               social investment. For more information refer to the Economic Contribution Report 2024.




For personal use only
                         2.    For more information refer to the Economic Contribution Report 2024.
                         3.    Based on a ‘point-in-time’ snapshot of employees as at 30 June 2024, including employees on extended absence. Contractor data is
                               collected from internal organisation systems and averaged for a 10-month period, July 2023 to April 2024. Figures reported do not
                               include employees and contractors of BHP Mitsubishi Alliance Blackwater and Daunia operations, sold to Whitehaven Coal during
                               FY2024, and employees and contractors of the operations in Brazil that were acquired as part of the OZ Minerals acquisition completed
                               during FY2023.
                         4.    Rest of the world includes consolidation adjustments related to intra-group transactions.
                         5.    Shown on a BHP share basis.
                         6.    Includes Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group (NCIG), which is an equity accounted investment and its financial information presented
                               above, with the exception of net operating assets, reflects BHP Group’s share. Total Coal statutory result excludes contribution related
                               to NCIG until future profits exceed accumulated losses.
                         7.    Includes Olympic Dam, Prominent Hill and Carrapateena.
                         8.    Includes Nickel West and West Musgrave project.
                         9.    Reflects the contribution of the Blackwater and Daunia mines to 2 April 2024, the date on which BMA’s owners completed its
                               divestment.
                         10.   BHP’s attributable coal production for the year, being 50 per cent of BMA’s steelmaking coal production (22.3 Mt) and 100 per cent of
                               New South Wales Energy Coal production (15.4 Mt).
                         11.   In October 2023, BHP approved US$4.9 billion in capital expenditure for Jansen Stage 2. First potash production from Jansen Stage 1,
                               which has approved capital expenditure of US$5.7 billion, is expected in late CY2026.
                         12.   Includes Spence and Cerro Colorado.
           
                                                                                          7
           1.2          Our portfolio
           A resource mix for today – and for the future

           We have copper, which is used in electrification. Iron ore, which is essential for making steel needed for construction, including renewables
           infrastructure. Our higher-quality steelmaking coal is used in the blast furnace process for making steel. Nickel can be used in electric vehicle batteries.
           We are on track to be a major global producer of potash by the end of the decade. Potash is used in fertilisers to assist with food security for a growing
           population and more sustainable land use. Among our by-products, we are a major producer of uranium and gold.

           Copper
           Highest production in over 15 years
           1.86 Mt
           ^9% on FY2023

           We hold the world’s largest copper mineral resources.1 We are using technical innovation, such as new flotation technology, to help lower energy costs
           and unlock value. We continue to pursue our strategy to increase our exposure to future-facing commodities, including copper, through exploration,
           acquisition and early-stage options. Our copper production rose 9 per cent in FY2024 to the highest in more than 15 years.
           Escondida in Chile is the world’s largest copper mine. It increased production by 7 per cent in FY2024 compared to FY2023, to 1.12 million tonnes (Mt)
           (100 per cent basis). This was primarily due to a higher concentrator feed grade as mining progressed into areas of higher-grade ore as planned
           following the implementation of measures to manage geotechnical events in FY2023. Spence in Chile delivered another year of record production, up
           6 per cent to 255 kilotonnes (kt). We are exploring a range of growth options across our Chilean copper assets, including a potential new concentrator at
           Escondida and the application of leaching technologies at Spence and Cerro Colorado.

           We have established a significant resource base at Copper South Australia by adding Olympic Dam with Carrapateena and Prominent Hill from our OZ
           Minerals acquisition in FY2023. The successful integration of the former OZ Minerals assets has delivered increased production and exceeded our
           annualised synergies planned at the time of the acquisition of OZ Minerals. This has been through actions such as the processing of Prominent Hill and
           Carrapateena concentrate at Olympic Dam into higher-margin cathode and refined gold, resulting in annual records for cathode and gold production at
           Olympic Dam. Copper South Australia production was 322 kt in FY2024, including record production at Carrapateena. We’re progressing growth
           options at Copper South Australia, where our aspiration is to grow copper production to beyond 500 kt per year. Given the gold, silver and uranium




For personal use only
           co-products, this would be equivalent to over 700 kt per annum copper equivalent. We had exploration success in South Australia in FY2024 with OD
           Deeps, delivering greater than two kilometres in strike and more than one kilometre in depth at over 1 per cent copper grade and an Inferred Mineral
           Resource declaration at Oak Dam.

           In July 2024, we agreed to acquire a 50 per cent interest in the Filo del Sol and Josemaria copper projects in Argentina and Chile with Lundin Mining. If
           approved, this will give us the opportunity to jointly advance an emerging copper district with world-class potential.

           >For more information refer to OFR 5.2 and 5.3

           Iron ore
           Second-consecutive full-year production record
           260 Mt
           ^1% on FY2023

           Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) is the lowest-cost major iron ore producer globally2 and has one of the lowest greenhouse gas (GHG) emission
           production intensities of benchmarked iron ore operations.3

           WAIO delivered a second-consecutive full-year production record of 287 Mt (255 Mt BHP share), reflecting strong supply chain performance with
           increased capacity unlocked by the Port Debottlenecking Project 1 and increased production from South Flank, our newest and most technologically
           advanced mine. These more than offset the impacts of the continued tie-in activity for the Rail Technology Programme 1. South Flank ramped up to full
           production capacity of 80 million tonnes per annum (Mtpa) (100 per cent basis) on schedule during FY2024.
           
                                                                                         8
           We continue to invest in improvements in our rail and port operations and are assessing options to grow our WAIO production up to 330 Mtpa if market
           conditions warrant. These options include optimal mine and infrastructure configurations and potentially increased ore beneficiation. We expect to
           complete these studies in CY2025.

           >For more information refer to OFR 5.1

           Steelmaking coal
           Focusing on higher-quality product
           22.3 Mt
           L 23% on FY2023

           We continue to focus our steelmaking coal operations in Queensland on higher-quality product and have one of the lowest GHG emission production
           intensities of benchmarked export steelmaking coal mines.3 In a challenging year for BMA, production decreased from the prior year as a result of
           increased stripping to improve supply chain stability and restore depleted inventory positions, which arose from extended weather impacts and labour
           constraints over recent years, and the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia on 2 April 2024.

           We believe a wholesale shift away from the blast furnace process for steelmaking is decades in the future. We also believe higher-quality steelmaking
           coals have potential for greater upside for quality premiums. This is because we believe steelmakers will seek to operate their blast furnaces with
           stronger, higher-performance steelmaking coal to lower overall coal consumption and, over time, to improve blast furnace process performance when
           implementing future GHG emission reduction technologies.

           On 2 April 2024, BHP and its joint venture partner, Mitsubishi Development Pty Ltd, completed the sale of the Blackwater and Daunia mines to
           Whitehaven Coal for up to US$4.1 billion (100 per cent basis). Following the sale, around 90 per cent of BMA’s products will be sold by reference to
           the Platts PLV HCC FOB Qld index, the highest quality steelmaking coal index, up from 64 per cent prior to the transaction.

           >For more information refer to OFR 5.1

           Nickel




For personal use only
           Temporary suspension announced
           81.6 kt
           ^2% on FY2023

           Nickel West production in FY2024 was in line with the prior year.

           On 11 July 2024, we announced Western Australia Nickel, comprising the Nickel West operations and West Musgrave project, would be temporarily
           suspended from October 2024. We intend to review this decision by February 2027.

           The decision to temporarily suspend Western Australia Nickel reflects oversupply in the global nickel market. Forward consensus nickel prices over the
           next half of the decade have fallen sharply reflecting strong growth of alternative low-cost nickel supply.

           During the temporary suspension, BHP will continue to support our workforce and local communities. BHP will invest approximately US$300 million
           per annum following completion of a transition period to support a potential re-start of Western Australia Nickel. The transition period commenced in
           July 2024. Operations will be suspended in October 2024 and handover activities for temporary suspension are expected to be completed by December
           2024.

           >For more information refer to OFR 5.1
           
                                                                                      9
           Potash
           Major global producer by the end of the decade
           US$10.6bn
           Total approved capital expenditure through Jansen Stage 1 and Jansen Stage 2

           We are developing one of the world’s largest potash mines in Canada. The Jansen potash project will increase our product diversification, customer base
           and operating footprint, and expand our business into a future growth market.

           The US$5.7 billion Jansen Stage 1 project is ahead of the original schedule and was over 50 per cent complete by the end of FY2024. First production
           from Jansen Stage 1 is expected in late CY2026, followed by a two-year ramp-up period. In October 2023, we announced an additional investment of
           US$4.9 billion for Jansen Stage 2, which will increase Jansen’s total planned potash production capacity to ~8.5 Mtpa. We have commenced execution
           of Jansen Stage 2.

           Transitioning directly from Jansen Stage 1 to Jansen Stage 2 during the construction period will bring operational benefits, including leveraging the
           experience of our integrated project team and continued use of our existing suppliers and contractors.

           We are on track to be a major global producer of potash by the end of the decade. Longer term, Jansen has the potential for two additional expansions to
           reach an ultimate production capacity of 16 to 17 Mtpa (subject to studies and approvals).

           >For more information refer to OFR 5.3


           Footnotes
           
                          1.     Largest copper mineral resources on a contained metal basis, equity share. Peers include: Anglo American, Antofagasta, Codelco, First
                                 Quantum Minerals, Freeport, Glencore, Rio Tinto, Southern Copper and Teck. Source peers: Wood Mackenzie Ltd, Q2 2023. Source
                                 BHP data: BHP Annual Report 2024.
           
                          2.     Based on published unit costs of major iron ore producers as reported at 30 June 2024. There may be differences in the manner that
                                 third parties calculate or report unit costs data compared to BHP, which means third-party data may not be comparable with our data.




For personal use only
           
                          3.     For CY2023, the GHG emissions intensity of our production of our commodities is estimated to rank in the first quartile for our iron
                                 ore, copper and steelmaking coal mines, and the second quartile for our nickel operations (ahead of all Indonesian-based operations) of
                                 global mining operations analysed by CRU. This analysis is based on CY2023 data from CRU (as CRU data is prepared on a calendar
                                 year basis), and includes CRU’s assumptions and estimates of BHP’s operations. We transitioned to using CRU (rather than Skarn
                                 Associates) for this analysis in FY2024 as part of an annual vendor assessment and selection process. For more information on how the
                                 GHG emission intensity for our iron ore and steelmaking coal mines has been calculated and compared refer to the BHP ESG Standards
                                 and Databook 2024 available at bhp.com/climate.

           2            What differentiates us

           BHP’s ability to deliver differentiates us from our competitors. We do what we say we will do. This has created stability in our historical performance
           that has been a hallmark of BHP for more than a decade.

           There are many factors that underpin this historic stability, each of which is vital. It’s the unique combination of these factors that sets us apart.


           Our people
           We have more than 90,000 employees and contractors globally. We strive to offer an engaging and supportive workplace, which empowers our people to
           find safer and more productive ways of working. We do this by providing the tools and opportunities in our working environment to allow our people to
           perform at their best. Our people are empowered daily in their work by the BHP Operating System.
           
                                                                                           10
           Our Values
           Our Values set the tone for our culture, a unique part of our competitive advantage. They are a declaration of what we stand for. They guide our
           decision-making, reinforce our culture and ensure all our people are steering in the same direction, delivering on our purpose.

           In FY2024, Our Values were refreshed to:

           Do what’s right – A sustainable future starts with safety and integrity, building trust with those around us

           Seek better ways – Listening to learn and inspiring challenge is how we drive progress

           Make a difference – The accountability to act, create value and have impact is on each of us, every day

           Our Values help our people move quickly and deliberately when we encounter challenges and opportunities.


           Health and safety
           




For personal use only
           >For more information refer to OFR 6.1 and 6.8
           Female employee participation
           




           Indigenous employee participation2
           




           Footnotes
           
                        1.   Combined employee and contractor frequency per 1 million hours worked.
           
                        2.   Point in time data at 30 June 2024.
           
                        3.   Participation in Minerals Australia operations in Australia. FY2023 figure does not include OZ Minerals.
           
                        4.   Participation in Minerals Americas operations in Chile.
           
                        5.   Participation in Jansen potash project and operation employees in Canada.
           
                                                                                        11
           BHP Operating System
           The BHP Operating System (BOS) is our unique overarching management system that enables the right culture, routines, behaviours and leadership to
           deliver stable operating excellence and leading safety performance. It provides us with a competitive edge.

           BOS drives continuous improvement through the application of BOS tools and practices. It makes improvement central to everyone’s role, allowing
           people to work on the system, not just in it.

           BOS helps us continuously focus on leadership development, capability and engagement, and creates better-planned, more stable work processes.

           Aligning around our strategy, operating philosophy and principles for decision-making will make us an even better company – one that focuses on
           safety, leads the sector, generates strong returns for our shareholders, and meets the expectations of our partners, communities and other stakeholders.

           We have deployed BOS across our business.


           How BOS works
           Three principles underpin BOS and guide how we think and behave at BHP
           




For personal use only
           Exceptional performance
           Operating and financial strength
           The strength of our portfolio, our operating excellence and financial rigour from our disciplined application of the Capital Allocation Framework (CAF)
           enables us to deliver strong and consistent returns. We achieved net operating cash flow of US$20.7 billion in FY2024. Our net operating cash flow has
           been more than US$15 billion for all but one of the past 15 years.

           In FY2024, through our CAF, we kept our balance sheet strong, delivered growth and returns for our shareholders, made progress towards our social
           value and GHG emission reduction objectives and prioritised capital to maintain reliable operations.


           Operational excellence
           Our strong results in FY2024 were driven by performance and discipline at our operations, which overall performed well. We achieved production
           guidance across all commodities in FY2024, with steelmaking coal achieving the upper end of its revised production guidance. This included record
           annual production at WAIO, Spence and Carrapateena, record cathode and gold production at Olympic Dam, and the highest production in four years at
           Escondida.

           Our focus on cost discipline helped us manage inflationary pressures effectively. We experienced a global inflation rate of around 4 per cent, particularly
           in relation to labour. Our cost discipline allowed us to mitigate these ongoing cost pressures with unit costs around 2.9 per cent higher across our major
           assets. We met unit cost guidance at Escondida, WAIO and Spence, and revised unit cost guidance at BMA. WAIO extended its lead over competitors as
           the lowest cost major iron ore producer globally.

           For mining companies, cost differentiation is becoming even more pronounced. General inflation and labour are expected to continue to put upwards
           pressure on costs. The costs of decarbonisation are also expected to be inflationary and will disproportionately impact companies with higher GHG
           emissions intensity. As such, while the marginal cost of mining production is clearly higher than in the past; in the medium term there are signs it could
           go higher.
           
                                                                                       12
           Technology and innovation
           The use of technology and our focus on innovation, together with BOS, have helped accelerate continuous improvement – from the introduction of
           advanced technologies designed to improve safety and increase productivity of our operated assets, to reducing water and energy consumption.

           Technology is a key lever for BHP and has been used to:
           
           •            support the maintenance of safe, predictable and productive operations
           
           •            drive productivity improvements, with an emphasis on automation and real-time, data-driven insights and decision-making
           
           •            unlock the next stage of value growth potential, such as by realising greater margins at our existing operations and enabling the discovery of new
                        assets
           
           •            improve sustainability outcomes through innovation
           
           •            help drive inclusion and diversity, such as remote operations and decision support tools that make roles more accessible to a wider range of people

           The advanced use of next generation technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and cloud and data analytics, are supporting quicker and more
           efficient resource recovery, more safely and more sustainably. They are also helping lift performance through operational improvements.

           Examples of how BHP used AI in FY2024 include:
           
           •            A digital tool at Escondida used AI to increase revenue by US$18.9 million in FY2024 by enabling drill and blast teams to select a more optimal
                        blasting pattern design. The technology also helps to mitigate coarse ore restrictions at Escondida’s semi-autogenous grinding (SAG) mills by
                        improving post-blasting fragmentation. We will use this tool at Spence to assist with stabilising its SAG mill performance and increase its
                        productivity.
           
           •            Next generation improvements to the Process Area Set Point Optimisation (PASPO) were rolled out across BMA sites in FY2024 to increase
                        production of on-specification steelmaking coal, increasing revenue by US$15.5 million. For example, the Caval Ridge team identified an
                        opportunity to increase yield by reducing density variation while keeping train product ash on specification.




For personal use only
           We upgraded our global technology system 1SAP ERP to S/4HANA in FY2024. The modernisation of this core global platform is critical to our
           operations, as it is used to:
           
           •            pay our people and suppliers
           
           •            sell and deliver our products
           
           •            better maintain our equipment
           
           •            accurately report our financial results to the market
           
           •            above all, enable us to operate more safely, efficiently and reliably


           Social value
           We are committed to social value and sustainability and are making progress in more responsibly providing commodities the world needs to develop and
           decarbonise. We believe this commitment can help us become a partner of choice with communities, governments, suppliers and our customers. We seek
           to be a valued partner with the communities where we operate and the Indigenous peoples we interact with.

           In FY2024, we continued to refine our approach to social value. We have provided progress on our 2030 goals through our 2030 social value scorecard.


           >For more information on our 2030 social value scorecard refer to OFR 6.5
           Through our commitment to sustainability, we seek to reduce the impact of our operational activities. We have set a long-term goal to achieve net zero
           operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions from our operated assets) by CY2050. We also have a long-term goal of net zero Scope 3 GHG
           emissions by CY2050. Achievement of this Scope 3 goal is uncertain, particularly given the challenges of a net zero pathway for our customers in
           steelmaking, and we cannot ensure the outcome alone.

           We manage our operational decarbonisation projects across our operated assets through our CAF to help us use our capital effectively.
           
                                                                                                13
           We are also working with our suppliers and customers to support their efforts to reduce GHG emissions. For example, during FY2024 we signed a
           framework agreement with Rio Tinto and BlueScope to investigate the development of an ironmaking electric smelting furnace pilot plant using Pilbara
           iron ores that have been pre-processed into direct reduced iron. This process route could open a pathway to an alternative to the conventional blast
           furnace method of steelmaking with the potential to reduce GHG emissions intensity by 85 per cent and meet near zero emission steelmaking
           benchmarks.1


           For more information on our GHG emission goals and targets refer to OFR 6.9
           We have set goals in areas such as environment and water stewardship. To meet the FY2024 short-term milestone for the Healthy environment pillar of
           our social value scorecard, we have developed a Group-level framework for nature-positive plans to achieve our 2030 Healthy environment goal (BHP
           Healthy environment goal roadmap).2 Our 2030 Healthy environment goal is to create nature-positive3 outcomes by having at least 30 per cent of the
           land and water we steward4 at the end of FY2030 under conservation, restoration or regenerative practices.

           At 30 June 2024, we had 83,012 hectares or 1.62 per cent5 of the land and water we steward4,6 under nature-positive management practices.7


           >For more information refer to OFR 6.5
           Financial excellence
           We use our Capital Allocation Framework (CAF) to assess the most effective and efficient way to deploy capital. Since the CAF’s introduction in
           FY2016, we have balanced reinvestment in our business with cash returns to shareholders.

           Our CAF promotes discipline in all capital decisions.
           




For personal use only
           Footnotes
           
                        1.   Based on direct reduced iron electric smelting furnace route (using renewable or other low to zero GHG emissions power). Estimated
                             reduction in GHG emissions intensity is calculated relative to a baseline reference of 2.2 tonnes of CO2-e per tonne of crude steel, as
                             sourced from IEA Iron and Steel Technology Roadmap (October 2020). For more information refer to our Value chain GHG emissions
                             – Hydrogen reduction and electric smelting of BHP ores case study on page 26 of our Climate Transition Action Plan 2024, available at
                             bhp.com/CTAP2024.
           
                        2.   The BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap is intended to apply to our operated assets in Australia, Chile and Canada. Due to the
                             acquisition of OZ Minerals and prioritisation of activities based on risks and impacts, Carrapateena, Prominent Hill, West Musgrave
                             and legacy assets are currently out of scope for the roadmap; with the exception of West Musgrave, these assets are planned to be
                             incorporated into the roadmap in FY2025. Incorporation of West Musgrave into the BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap will be
                             reviewed following the decision to temporarily suspend the Western Australia Nickel operations.
           
                        3.   Nature-positive is defined by the TNFD Glossary version 1.0 as ‘A high-level goal and concept describing a future state of nature (e.g.
                             biodiversity, ecosystem services and natural capital), which is greater than the current state’. We understand it includes land and water
                             management practices that halt and reverse nature loss – that is, supporting healthy, functioning ecosystems. BHP intends to review this
                             definition in FY2025, in light of the recently revised TNFD Glossary version 2.0 (June 2024) definition of nature-positive.
           
                        4.   This excludes areas we hold under greenfield exploration licences (or equivalent tenements), which are outside the area of influence of
                             our existing mine operations. 30 per cent will be calculated based on the areas of land and water that we steward at the end of FY2030.
           
                        5.   1.62 per cent is calculated based on the areas of land and water that we stewarded (excluding areas we hold under greenfield
                             exploration licences (or equivalent tenements) and subject to footnote 6) at 30 June 2024 – which was approximately 5,125,935
                             hectares; an increase of approximately 18,750 hectares compared to approximately 5,107,185 hectares at 30 June 2023. For more
                             information on the restatement of FY023 figures refer to OFR 6.10.
           
                        6.   While some of the land related to the Daunia and Blackwater mines is pending transfer following BMA’s divestment of these mines on
                             2 April 2024, these areas are no longer under BMA’s control or operated for BMA’s benefit so have been excluded from the areas of
                             land and water we stewarded at 30 June 2024.
           
                        7.   Nature-positive management practices refer to an area under stewardship that has a formal management plan that includes conservation,
                             restoration or regenerative practices. For more information refer to the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024, available at
                             bhp.com/ESGStandards2024.
           
                                                                                        14
           3            Positioning for growth
           With our clear strategy and our laser-like focus on creating and sustaining the right portfolio of the best assets in attractive commodities with enhanced
           growth optionality, BHP is well placed to capitalise on the changes shaping our world. As the global population grows and urbanises and the world
           pursues decarbonisation and electrification, we are positioning our portfolio and pursuing multiple growth options to increase our exposure to these
           megatrends.


           Unlocking growth at our assets
           One of our biggest near-term growth levers is from improving productivity at our existing assets and unlocking more of their potential.

           WAIO was designed with an initial capacity of 240 Mtpa. In FY2024, it produced a record 287 Mt (100 per cent basis). We are implementing initiatives
           to grow WAIO production to more than 305 Mtpa over the medium term. This is expected to be through South Flank, which reached full production
           capacity in FY2024, the continued debottlenecking of our port and rail systems, the rollout of autonomous haulage trucks, and ongoing productivity
           enhancements. We are studying options to further grow annual production up to 330 Mt over the medium to long term, with these studies expected to be
           completed in CY2025.

           Escondida has significant resource potential and we are progressing a range of studies, including potentially replacing the original Los Colorados
           concentrator. We are also looking at different leaching technologies that could help us extract more copper while potentially using less energy and water,
           reduce or eliminate the need for tailings dams, and enable production of cathode-finished product that does not require smelting.


           Growing our position in potash
           Potash is a fertiliser and enables more efficient and sustainable farming. With the world’s population continuing to grow and rising concerns around food
           security and land use, potash is a future-facing commodity that presents opportunities for growth.

           At the end of FY2024, Jansen Stage 1 was tracking ahead of the original schedule and more than 50 per cent complete. Production is expected to
           commence in late CY2026, followed by a two-year ramp-up period. When Jansen Stage 1 reaches full production, planned production will be
           approximately 4.15 Mtpa.




For personal use only
           During FY2024, BHP approved Jansen Stage 2, which will double planned production to around 8.5 Mtpa at full capacity. Jansen Stage 2 is an
           important milestone that underscores our confidence in potash and marks the next phase of BHP’s growth in Canada. We believe Jansen will deliver
           long-term value for shareholders and the local community, and will position BHP as one of the leaders in the global potash industry. We have
           commenced execution of Jansen Stage 2, with first production expected in FY2029.


           Copper South Australia: Consolidating a significant resource base
           We have established a significant resource base at Copper South Australia by combining OZ Minerals’ two South Australian mines, Prominent Hill and
           Carrapateena, with Olympic Dam and the Oak Dam deposit.

           With Copper South Australia, we are focused on developing an asset with greater scale and simplicity. Copper South Australia produced 322 kt of
           copper in FY2024 and we are pursuing potential pathways to expand this to more than 500 kilotonnes per annum (ktpa) through increases in mine
           production rates and improved mining methods, the expansion of smelting and refining capacity, the application of BOS, the development of exploration
           assets and greater by-product production.

           Exploration efforts progressed at the Oak Dam copper deposit located 65 kilometres southeast of Olympic Dam and at OD Deeps, which is below
           Olympic Dam. The Copper South Australia province is expected to produce copper, gold and uranium oxide for decades to come.

           >For more information refer to OFR 5.2
           Creating and accelerating longer-term options
           BHP Ventures
           BHP Ventures is our dedicated venture capital unit. It looks for game-changing technologies via emerging companies to help drive ongoing and more
           sustainable growth within BHP and provides us with a portfolio of new growth options for the decades ahead.

           BHP Ventures complements the innovation already underway within BHP by forging new partnerships and creating fresh opportunities to strengthen our
           portfolio and support the decarbonisation of our operated assets and decarbonisation opportunities in our value chain. For our partners, BHP Ventures
           provides an opportunity to collaborate with us.

           New investments in FY2024 included SiTration, which is developing a silicon membrane-based technology for metal extraction, and ZwitterCo, which
           is developing membrane solutions for the treatment of water. BHP continued to support existing portfolio companies Boston Metal and Electra through
           technical knowledge exchanges and the supply of iron ores for testing in relation to technologies that have potential to contribute to our Scope 3
           emissions medium-term goal for steelmaking and our long-term net zero goal. BHP also continued to test early-stage leaching technologies from Jetti
           Resources and Ceibo as part of broader copper leaching studies.


           Think & Act Differently
           Think & Act Differently is BHP’s internal team set up to find and accelerate the best mining technology solutions to support our ambitions to deliver
           commodities the world needs in new ways. It is focused on opening new and accelerated pathways to market through partnerships, rapid
           experimentation and systems thinking. It aims to de-risk a portfolio of over 100 initiatives, from small scale experiments to on-site demonstrations.
           
                                                                                       15
           We are seeking to advance technologies that can unlock resource growth, particularly relating to copper, and build capability across the mining value
           chain to find new ways to understand ore bodies and responsibly extract and process resources. Current areas of work include leaching, ore body
           knowledge and accelerated minerals recovery.
           




           BHP Exploration
           During FY2024, we advanced our global programs focusing on early-stage exploration opportunities in Australia, Canada, Chile, Peru, Sweden, Serbia
           and the United States. This effort involved concept evaluation work through prospect testing.




For personal use only
           We fully integrated the OZ Minerals exploration portfolio, significantly expanding our land holdings and enabling us to develop an important province
           in South Australia with significant copper potential.

           In Canada, we continued our partnership with Midland Exploration Inc. through our prospect generation exploration alliance.

           In the United States, we entered an alliance with Ivanhoe Electric Inc., with BHP to provide initial funding of US$15 million over three years to explore
           for copper and other critical minerals across areas of interest in Arizona, New Mexico and Utah.

           In Australia, we commenced a partnership with Red Ox Copper Pty Ltd, exploring for copper in Northern Queensland.

           In Europe, we acquired Ragnar Metals Sweden AB for A$9.8 million, gaining ownership of the Tullsta nickel project. Similarly, we entered into early-
           stage exploration alliances with Kingsrose Mining Ltd across areas of interest in Finland and Norway, and with Tutume Metals in Botswana.

           Aso in FY2024, we withdrew from the Elliott Farm-in and joint venture agreement with Encounter Resources Limited in Australia.


           Growth through exploration, focused on copper and nickel
           BHP Xplor
           BHP Xplor, launched in FY2023, is a global accelerator program designed to support early-stage mineral exploration companies in finding critical
           resources needed for the energy transition. Its aim is to identify and nurture the next generation of explorers, empowering them to fast track their
           geologic concepts for potential long-term partnership. The program supports technical, business and operational facets to equip participant companies
           with the necessary tools and guidance to become investment ready.

           To date, agreements have been concluded with three companies from the inaugural FY2023 cohort for follow-on investment, due to their region of
           interest, potential technical opportunity, team capability and strategic alignment.

           In FY2024, six companies were chosen from a pool of over 500 applications to take part in this year’s program. These companies were East Star
           Resources Plc, Hamelin Gold Ltd, Pallas Resources Ltd, Longreach Mineral Exploration Pty Ltd, Equivest Metals Oy and Cobre Ltd. They have
           concluded their six-month program and follow-on investment discussions have started. Applications for the FY2025 Xplor program opened in August
           2024.
           
                                                                                      16
           Exploration expenditure
           Our resource assessment exploration expenditure increased by 31 per cent in FY2024 to US$333 million, while our greenfield expenditure increased by
           31 per cent to US$124 million. Expenditure on resources assessment and greenfield exploration over the last three financial years is set out below.
           
                                                                                                                                           2024        2023        2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                              US$M        US$M        US$M
           Greenfield exploration                                                                                                            124          95          77
           Resources assessment                                                                                                              333         255         179
           Total metals exploration and assessment                                                                                           457         350         256


           Exploration expense
           Exploration expense represents that portion of exploration expenditure that is not capitalised in accordance with our accounting policies, as set out in
           Financial Statements note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’.

           Exploration expense for each segment over the last three financial years is set out below.
           
                                                                                                                                           2024        2023        2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                              US$M        US$M        US$M
           Exploration expense
           Copper                                                                                                                             213         145            85
           Iron Ore                                                                                                                            41          52            54
           Coal                                                                                                                                 3           6             6
           Group and unallocated items1,2                                                                                                     152          91            54
           Total Group                                                                                                                        409         294           199
           
           1.           Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Western Australia Nickel (which comprises the




For personal use only
                        Nickel West operations and, following the OZ Minerals Ltd (OZL) acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project), legacy assets and
                        consolidation adjustments.
           
           2.           Includes US$10 million of exploration expenditure previously capitalised, written off as impaired (included in depreciation and amortisation)
                        (FY2023: US$ nil; FY2022: US$ nil).


           Chief Financial Officer’s review
           Not required for US reporting.
           
                                                                                            17
           4            Financial review
           4.1 Group overview
           We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International
           Accounting Standards Board. We publish our Consolidated Financial Statements in US dollars. All Consolidated Income Statement, Consolidated
           Balance Sheet and Consolidated Cash Flow Statement information below has been derived from audited Consolidated Financial Statements.


           >For more information refer to Financial Statements
           We use various non-IFRS financial information to reflect our underlying performance. Non-IFRS financial information is not defined or specified under
           the requirements of IFRS, however is derived from the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS
           financial information is consistent with how management reviews financial performance of the Group with the Board and the investment community.
           OFR 10 ‘Non-IFRS financial information’ includes our non-IFRS financial information and OFR 10.1 ‘Definition and calculation of non-IFRS financial
           information’ outlines why we believe non-IFRS financial information is useful and the relevant calculation methodology. We believe non-IFRS financial
           information provides useful information, however it should not be considered as an indication of, or as a substitute for, statutory measures as an
           indicator of actual operating performance (such as profit or net operating cash flow) or any other measure of financial performance or position presented
           in accordance with IFRS, or as a measure of a company’s profitability, liquidity or financial position.


           Summary of financial measures
           
          Year ended 30 June
          US$M                                                                                                                                   2024        2023
          Consolidated Income Statement (Financial Statements 1.1)
          Revenue                                                                                                                                55,658      53,817
          Profit/(loss) after taxation from Continuing operations                                                                                 9,601      14,324
          Profit/(loss) after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations attributable to BHP shareholders                               7,897      12,921
          Dividends per ordinary share – paid during the period (US cents)                                                                        152.0       265.0
          Dividends per ordinary share – determined in respect of the period (US cents)                                                           146.0       170.0




For personal use only
          Basic earnings/(loss) per ordinary share (US cents)                                                                                     155.8       255.2
          Consolidated Balance Sheet (Financial Statements 1.3)
          Total assets                                                                                                                          102,362     101,296
          Net assets                                                                                                                             49,120      48,530
          Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Financial Statements 1.4)
          Net operating cash flows                                                                                                               20,665      18,701
          Capital and exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                                                      9,273       7,083
          Other financial information (OFR 10)
          Net debt                                                                                                                                9,120      11,166
          Underlying attributable profit                                                                                                         13,660      13,420
          Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                      29,016      27,956
          Underlying basic earnings per share (US cents)                                                                                          269.5       265.0
          Underlying return on capital employed (per cent)                                                                                         27.2        28.8


           4.2 Key performance indicators
           Our key performance indicators (KPIs) enable us to measure our development and financial performance. These KPIs are used to assess performance of
           our people throughout the Group.

           >For information on our approach to performance and reward refer to Remuneration Report

           >For information on our overall approach to executive remuneration, including remuneration policies and remuneration outcomes refer to
           Remuneration Report

           Following BHP’s sale of the Onshore US assets in FY2019 and subsequently the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside in FY2022, the
           contribution of these assets to the Group’s results is presented as Discontinued operations. Footnotes to tables and infographics indicate whether data
           presented in OFR 4.2 is inclusive or exclusive of Petroleum assets. Details of the contribution of the Petroleum assets to the Group’s results are
           disclosed in Financial Statements note 28 ‘Discontinued operations’.
           




           
                                                                                       18
           Reconciling our financial results to our key performance indicators
           
                                         Profit                                        Earnings                                         Cash                                        Returns
                                                          US$M                                               US$M                                      US$M                                             US$M
                        Profit after taxation from         9,601    Profit after taxation from                9,601     Net operating cash flows       20,665    Profit after taxation from              9,601
           Measure      Continuing and                              Continuing and Discontinued                         from Continuing                          Continuing and Discontinued
                        Discontinued operations                     operations                                          operations                               operations
           Made         Profit after taxation                       Profit after taxation                               Cash generated by the Group’s            Profit after taxation
           up of                                                                                                        consolidated operations, after
                                                                                                                        dividends received, interest,
                                                                                                                        proceeds and settlements of cash
                                                                                                                        management related instruments,
                                                                                                                        taxation and royalty-related taxation.
                                                                                                                        It excludes cash flows relating to
                                                                                                                        investing and financing activities.
           Adjusted Exceptional items           6,600               Exceptional items before taxation         6,600                                              Exceptional items after taxation        5,763
           for      before taxation
                                                                                                                                                                 Net finance costs excluding
                        Tax effect of                               Tax effect of exceptional items            (837)                                             exceptional items                        983
                        exceptional items         (837)

                        Exceptional items                           Depreciation and amortisation
                        after tax                                   excluding exceptional items               5,295                                              Income tax expense on net finance
                        attributable to                                                                                                                          costs                                   (303)
                        non-controlling
                        interests                  –

                        Exceptional items
                        attributable to BHP                                                                                                                      Profit after taxation excluding net
                        shareholders                                Impairments of property, plant and
                                                           5,763    equipment, financial assets and                                                              finance costs and exceptional items    16,044
                                                                    intangibles excluding exceptional
                                                                    items                                         90
                        Profit after taxation                                                                                                                    Net Assets at the
                        attributable to                                                                                                                          beginning of period           48,530
                        non-controlling                             Net finance costs excluding




For personal use only
                        interests                         (1,704)   exceptional items                             983
                                                                                                                                                                 Net Debt at the beginning
                                                                    Taxation expense excluding                                                                   of period
                                                                    exceptional items                         7,284                                                                            11,166
                                                                                                                                                                 Capital employed at the
                                                                                                                                                                 beginning of period                    59,696
                                                                                                                                                                 Net Assets at the end of
                                                                                                                                                                 period                        49,120
                                                                                                                                                                 Net Debt at the end of
                                                                                                                                                                 period                         9,120
                                                                                                                                                                 Capital employed at the
                                                                                                                                                                 end of period                          58,240
                                                                                                                                                                 Average capital employed               58,968

           To reach Underlying attributable               13,660    Underlying EBITDA                        29,016     Net operating cash flows       20,665    Underlying return on          27.2%
           our KPIs profit                                                                                                                                       capital employed
           Why do Underlying attributable profit                    Underlying EBITDA is used to                        Net operating cash                       Underlying return on capital
           we use it? allows the comparability of                   help assess current operational                     flows provide insights                   employed is an indicator of the
                      underlying financial                          profitability excluding the impacts of              into how we are managing                 Group’s capital efficiency. It is
                      performance by excluding                      sunk costs (i.e. depreciation from                  costs and increasing                     provided on an underlying basis to
                      the impacts of exceptional                    initial investment). It is a measure                productivity across BHP.                 allow comparability of underlying
                      items.                                        that management uses internally to                                                           financial performance by
                                                                    assess the performance of the                                                                excluding the impacts of
                                                                    Group’s segments and make                                                                    exceptional items.
                                                                    decisions on the allocation of
                                                                    resources.
           
                                                                                                             19
           4.3          Financial results
           The following table provides more information on the revenue and expenses of the Group in FY2024.
           
                                                                                                                                      2024       2023         2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                         US$M       US$M         US$M
           Continuing operations
           Revenue1                                                                                                                    55,658 53,817 65,098
           Other income                                                                                                                 1,285      394    1,398
           Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                                                       (36,750) (31,873) (32,371)
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                                           (2,656)     594      (19)
           Profit from operations                                                                                                      17,537 22,932 34,106
           Net finance costs                                                                                                           (1,489) (1,531)     (969)
           Total taxation expense                                                                                                      (6,447) (7,077) (10,737)
           Profit after taxation from Continuing operations                                                                             9,601 14,324 22,400
           Discontinued operations
           Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations                                                                       –          –       10,655
           Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                            9,601     14,324      33,055
           Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                    1,704      1,403       2,155
           Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                             7,897     12,921      30,900
           
           1.           Includes the sale of third-party products.

           Profit after taxation attributable to BHP shareholders decreased from US$12.9 billion in FY2023 to US$7.9 billion in FY2024. Attributable profit of
           US$7.9 billion includes an exceptional loss of US$5.8 billion (after tax), compared to an Attributable profit of US$12.9 billion, including an exceptional
           loss of US$0.5 billion (after tax) in the prior period. The FY2024 exceptional loss includes a US$2.7 billion non-cash (after tax) impairment at Western
           Australia Nickel (WAN) due to oversupply in the global nickel market that has seen a sharp decline in forward nickel prices in the short to medium term,
           escalation in capital costs, and changes to development plans including the Group’s decision, announced on 11 July 2024, to temporarily suspend Nickel




For personal use only
           West operations and the West Musgrave project at WAN. The FY2024 exceptional loss also includes US$3.8 billion (after tax) relating to Samarco dam
           failure impacts, partially offset by the gain on divestment of Blackwater and Daunia coal assets of US$0.7 billion (after tax).


           >For more information on Exceptional items refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’

           Revenue of US$55.7 billion increased by US$1.8 billion, or 3 per cent from FY2023. This increase was mainly due to higher average realised prices for
           iron ore and copper combined with higher sales volumes, partially offset by lower average realised prices for thermal coal and nickel.

           Higher sales volumes were achieved at WAIO supported by record production reflecting strong supply chain performance, at Copper SA from the
           successful integration of OZ Minerals (OZL) following the acquisition in FY2023, at Escondida due to higher concentrator feed grade and at New South
           Wales Energy Coal (NSWEC) from improved weather and labour availability. These were partially offset by lower sales volumes at BMA as a result of
           increased stripping to improve supply chain stability and restore depleted inventory positions which arose from extended weather impacts and labour
           constraints over recent years, and the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia on 2 April 2024.


           >For information on our average realised prices and production of our commodities refer to OFR 9
           Other income of US$1.3 billion increased by US$0.9 billion, or 226 per cent from FY2023 primarily due to the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia.

           Total expenses excluding net finance costs of US$36.8 billion increased by US$4.9 billion, or 15 per cent from FY2023. This primarily reflected a
           higher impairment expense of US$3.8 billion of WAN due to the deterioration in the short and medium-term outlook for nickel. Higher external
           contractor services expenses of US$1.0 billion was mainly due to the full-year contribution of Prominent Hill and Carrapateena since their acquisition in
           FY2023, impacts of inflation across the Group, additional tailings work at Spence, higher maintenance at Escondida and higher stripping and contractor
           costs in line with higher volumes at NSWEC.

           Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses of US$2.7 billion increased by US$3.3 billion from a profit of
           US$0.6 billion in FY2023 predominantly reflects the change in the assessment of the estimated costs to resolve all aspects of the Federal Public
           Prosecution Office Claim and the Framework Agreement obligations.


           >For more information on the total impact of the Samarco dam failure provision and impairment charges connected with equity accounted
           investments refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and Financial Statements note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’
           respectively
           Net finance costs of US$1.5 billion were in line with FY2023 primarily driven by higher market interest rates, offset by a reduction in closure and
           rehabilitation provision discounting due to lower global inflation rates and higher capitalised interest mainly at Potash.


           >For more information on net finance costs refer to Financial Statements note 23 ‘Net finance costs’

           Total taxation expense of US$6.4 billion decreased by US$0.6 billion, or 9 per cent from FY2023 primarily due to a tax benefit of US$1.1 billion in
           relation to the impairment of WAN partially offset by higher tax in line with higher profits from higher average realised prices.

           >For more information on income tax expense refer to Financial Statements note 6 ‘Income tax expense’

           
           
                                                                                      20
           Principal factors that affect Underlying EBITDA
           The following table and commentary describe the impact of the principal factors1 that affected Underlying EBITDA for FY2024 compared with
           FY2023.
           
                                                          US$M
           Year ended 30 June 2023                        27,956
           Net price impact:
             Change in sales prices                         1,476     Higher average realised prices for iron ore and copper partially offset by lower average realised
                                                                      prices for thermal coal and nickel.
                 Price-linked costs                          108      Lower coal and nickel royalties largely offset by higher iron ore royalties in line with price
                                                                      movements.
                                                            1,584
           Change in volumes                                   10     Higher sales volumes were achieved at WAIO supported by record production reflecting strong
                                                                      supply chain performance including record production at South Flank following ramp up to full
                                                                      capacity in FY2024, at Escondida due to higher concentrator feed grade and at NSWEC from
                                                                      improved weather and labour availability. These were offset by lower sales volumes at BMA as a
                                                                      result of increased stripping to improve supply chain stability and restore depleted inventory
                                                                      positions, which arose from extended weather impacts and labour constraints over recent years.
           Change in controllable cash costs
             Operating cash costs                            (655)    Higher costs at WAIO primarily as we ramped up South Flank and increased production, at
                                                                      NSWEC from higher stripping and contractor costs to support higher production, at Escondida
                                                                      reflecting higher maintenance and at WAN due to increased third-party ore purchases following
                                                                      delivery issues in FY2023.
                 Exploration and business
                   development                               (118)    Higher exploration spend for drilling activities at Oak Dam at Copper SA.
                                                             (773)
           Change in other costs:




For personal use only
             Exchange rates                                  253      Impact of movements in the Australian dollar and Chilean peso against the US dollar.
                 Inflation                                   (686)    Impact of inflation on the Group’s cost base.
                 Fuel, energy, and consumable price          487      Predominantly lower diesel and acid prices.
                   movements
                 Non-cash                                    (301)
                 One-off items                               316      Primarily non recurrence of FY2023 review of employee allowances and entitlements, and OZL
                                                                      acquisition costs.
                                                               69
           Ceased and sold operations                        (510)    Lower contribution from the Blackwater and Daunia mines related to divestment in April 2024.
           New and acquired operations                       528      At Copper SA from the successful integration of OZL following the acquisition in FY2023.
           Other items                                       152      Includes increased profit from Antamina driven by higher average copper realised prices and VAT
                                                                      refund received in relation to previously divested Petroleum operations.
           Year ended 30 June 2024                        29,016
           
           1.           For information on the method of calculation of the principal factors that affect Underlying EBITDA refer to OFR 10.2.
           
                                                                                             21
           Cash flow
           The following table provides a summary of the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement contained in Financial Statements 1.4, excluding the impact of
           foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents.
           
                                                                                                                                     2024       2023        2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                       US$M       US$M        US$M
           Net operating cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                      20,665     18,701      29,285
           Net operating cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                         –          –       2,889
           Net operating cash flows                                                                                                 20,665     18,701      32,174
           Net investing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                      (8,762)   (13,065)     (4,973)
           Net investing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                         –          –        (904)
           Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                              –          –        (683)
           Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                       –          –        (399)
           Net investing cash flows                                                                                                 (8,762)   (13,065)     (6,959)
           Net financing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                     (11,669)   (10,315)    (22,734)
           Net financing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                         –          –         (33)
           Net financing cash flows                                                                                                (11,669)   (10,315)    (22,767)
           Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                        234     (4,679)      2,448
           Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Continuing operations                                             234     (4,679)      1,578
           Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from Discontinued operations                                                        –          –       1,952
           Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                              –          –        (683)
           Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                       –          –        (399)

           Net operating cash inflows from Continuing operations of US$20.7 billion increased by US$2.0 billion. This is primarily due to lower tax and
           royalty related taxation finalisation payments in FY2024 relating to FY2023 profits, compared to payments in FY2023 relating to FY2022 profits.

           Net investing cash outflows from Continuing operations of US$8.8 billion decreased by US$4.3 billion. This decrease primarily reflects the




For personal use only
           non-recurrence of the US$5.9 billion acquisition of OZL completed in FY2023 in conjunction with the proceeds received in FY2024 related to the
           divestment of BHP’s interest in Blackwater and Daunia coal operations to Whitehaven Coal of US$1.1 billion, partially offset by higher capital
           expenditure of US$2.1 billion including for Jansen and West Musgrave.

           >For more information on exceptional items relating to the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia and a breakdown of capital and exploration
           expenditure on a commodity basis refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and OFR 9 respectively

           Net financing cash outflows from Continuing operations of US$11.7 billion increased by US$1.4 billion. This increase reflects a net movement in
           repayments/proceeds of interest bearing liabilities of US$7.1 billion mainly due to the repayment of the OZL acquisition facility in FY2024 (US$5.0
           billion) and higher other bond issuances compared to FY2023. These were partially offset by lower dividends paid to BHP shareholders of
           US$5.6 billion.

           >For more information refer to Financial Statements note 21 ‘Net debt’

           Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE) of 27.2 per cent decreased by 1.6 percentage points (FY2023: 19.9 percentage point decrease)
           reflecting an increase in average capital employed attributable to the impact of the OZL acquisition in FY2023. Reductions in capital employed related
           to the impairment of WAN and the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia are largely offset by capital expenditure in the period.

           >For more information on ROCE refer to OFR 10
           



           Prior year comparatives
           The comparisons for the year ended 30 June 2023 to 30 June 2022 in connection with Financial results, Principal factors that affect Underlying EBITDA
           and Cash flow have been omitted from this annual report on Form 20-F and can be found in our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended
           30 June 2023, filed on 5 September 2023.


           4.4          Debt and sources of liquidity
           Our policies on debt and liquidity management have the following objectives:
           
           •            a strong balance sheet through the cycle
           
           •            diversification of funding sources
           
           •            maintain borrowings and excess cash predominantly in US dollars


           Interest bearing liabilities, net debt and gearing
           At the end of FY2024, Interest bearing liabilities were US$20.7 billion (FY2023: US$22.3 billion) and Cash and cash equivalents were US$12.5 billion
           (FY2023: US$12.4 billion). This resulted in Net debt of US$9.1 billion, which represented a decrease of US$2.0 billion compared with the Net debt
           position at 30 June 2023. The reduction is primarily due to US$20.7 billion operating cash flows generated combined with US$1.1 billion proceeds from
           the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines, which were partially offset by capital and exploration expenditure of US$9.3 billion and dividend
           payments of US$9.1 billion. Gearing, which is the ratio of Net debt to Net debt plus Net assets, was 15.7 per cent at 30 June 2024, compared with
           18.7 per cent at 30 June 2023.


           >For more information on Net debt and gearing refer to Financial Statements note 21 ‘Net debt’ and OFR 10
           
                                                                                          22
           During FY2024, gross debt decreased by US$1.6 billion to US$20.7 billion as at 30 June 2024. The decrease reflects the repayment of the
           US$5.0 billion OZL acquisition facility in September 2023 combined with the repayment of US$734 million of 3.85 per cent USD senior notes that
           matured in September 2023 and €560 million of EUR senior notes that matured in May 2024, largely offset by the issuance of US$4.75 billion of US
           bonds in September 2023.

           At the subsidiary level, Escondida repaid US$0.3 billion of debt and received proceeds from debt of US$0.4 billion in the period.


           Funding sources
           In September 2023, the Group issued five tranches of USD bonds comprising US$850 million 5.25 per cent bonds due CY2026, US$700 million 5.1 per
           cent bonds due CY2028, US$900 million 5.25 per cent bonds due CY2030, US$1.5 billion 5.25 per cent bonds due CY2033 and US$800 million 5.5 per
           cent bonds due CY2053. The USD bonds were issued by BHP Billiton Finance (USA) Limited, a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of BHP Group
           Limited, and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by BHP Group Limited.

           Our Group-level borrowing facilities are not subject to financial covenants. Certain specific financing facilities in relation to specific assets are the
           subject of financial covenants that vary from facility to facility, but this would be considered normal for such facilities.

           In addition to the Group’s uncommitted debt issuance programs, we hold the following committed standby facility:
           
                                                                                         Facility                                    Facility
                                                                                        available     Drawn        Undrawn          available      Drawn       Undrawn
                                                                                          2024         2024          2024             2023         2023         2023
                                                                                         US$M         US$M          US$M             US$M          US$M         US$M
           Revolving credit facility1                                                      5,500           –           5,500           5,500           –         5,500
           Total financing facility                                                        5,500           –           5,500           5,500           –         5,500
           
           1.           The facility is due to mature on 10 October 2026. The committed US$5.5 billion revolving credit facility operates as a back-stop to the Group’s
                        uncommitted commercial paper program. The combined amount drawn under the facility or as commercial paper will not exceed US$5.5 billion.




For personal use only
                        As at 30 June 2024, US$ nil commercial paper was drawn (FY2023: US$ nil), therefore US$5.5 billion of committed facility was available to use
                        (FY2023: US$5.5 billion). A commitment fee is payable on the undrawn balance and interest is payable on any drawn balance comprising a
                        reference rate plus a margin. The agreed margins are typical for a credit facility extended to a company with the Group’s credit rating.


           >For more information on the maturity profile of our debt obligations and details of our standby and support agreements refer to Financial
           Statements note 24 ‘Financial risk management’
           >Information in relation to our material off-balance sheet arrangements, principally contingent liabilities, commitments for capital expenditure
           and commitments under leases at 30 June 2024 is provided in Financial Statements note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’, Financial
           Statements note 22 ‘Leases’ and Financial Statements note 34 ‘Contingent liabilities’, respectively
           In our opinion, working capital is sufficient for our present requirements. The Group’s Moody’s credit rating has remained at A1/P-1 outlook stable
           (long-term/short-term). The Group’s S&P Global rating has remained at A-/A-1 outlook stable (long-term/short-term). Credit ratings are forward-
           looking opinions on credit risk. Moody’s and S&P Global’s credit ratings express the opinion of each agency on the ability and willingness of BHP to
           meet its financial obligations in full and on time. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension,
           reduction or withdrawal at any time by an assigning rating agency. Any credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other information.
           
                                                                                           23
           The following table expands on the Net debt position, to provide more information on the cash and non-cash movements in FY2024.
           
                                                                                                                                                     2024           2023
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                       US$M           US$M
           Net debt at the beginning of the period                                                                                                  (11,166)           (333)
            Net operating cash flows                                                                                                                 20,665         18,701
            Net investing cash flows                                                                                                                 (8,762)       (13,065)
            Net financing cash flows                                                                                                                (11,669)       (10,315)
           Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                             234          (4,679)
           Carrying value of interest bearing liability net repayments/(proceeds)                                                                     2,236          (4,893)
           Carrying value of debt related instruments settlements/(proceeds)                                                                            321             677
           Carrying value of cash management related instruments (proceeds)/settlements                                                                (361)           (331)
            Fair value change on hedged loans1                                                                                                          214             803
            Fair value change on hedged derivatives1                                                                                                   (188)           (691)
            Foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                        (159)           (134)
            Lease additions (excluding leases associated with index-linked freight contracts)                                                          (429)           (472)
            Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations2                                                                                                   –          (1,111)
            Divestment of subsidiaries and operations3                                                                                                   60               –
            Other                                                                                                                                       118              (2)
           Non-cash movements                                                                                                                          (384)         (1,607)
           Net debt at the end of the period                                                                                                         (9,120)       (11,166)
           
           1.           The Group hedges against the volatility in both exchange and interest rates on debt, and also exchange rates on cash, with associated movements
                        in derivatives reported in Other financial assets/liabilities as effective hedged derivatives (cross currency and interest rate swaps), in accordance
                        with accounting standards. For more information refer to Financial Statements note 24 ‘Financial risk management’.
           

           2.           US$1,111 million of Interest bearing liabilities were acquired on 2 May 2023 as part of the acquisition of OZL. Excludes US$104 million cash
                        acquired which is included in Net investing cash flows.




For personal use only
           

           3.           Relates to leases disposed of as part of the Blackwater and Daunia mines divestment completed on 2 April 2024. Refer to Financial Statements
                        note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for further information.


           Dividends
           Our dividend policy provides for a minimum 50 per cent payout of Underlying attributable profit (Continuing operations) at every reporting period. The
           minimum dividend payment for the second half of FY2024 was US$0.70 per share. The Board determined to pay an additional amount of US$0.04 per
           share, taking the final dividend to US$0.74 per share (US$3.8 billion). In total, cash dividends of US$7.4 billion (US$1.46 per share) have been
           determined for FY2024.


           Prior year comparatives
           The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2023 to 30 June 2022 has been omitted from this annual report on Form 20-F and can be found in our annual
           report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2023, filed on 5 September 2023.
           
                                                                                               24
           5            Our assets
           5.1 Minerals Australia
           Minerals Australia includes operated assets in Western Australia, Queensland and New South Wales, focused on iron ore, steelmaking coal, nickel and
           energy coal. The commodities produced by our Minerals Australia assets are transported by rail and road to port and exported to our global customers or
           by rail to domestic customers.


           Iron ore
           Western Australia Iron Ore
           




For personal use only
           Overview
           Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) is an integrated system of four processing hubs and five open-cut operational mines in the Pilbara region of northern
           Western Australia, connected by more than 1,000 kilometres of rail infrastructure and port facilities.

           WAIO’s Pilbara reserve base is relatively concentrated, allowing development through integrated mining hubs connected to the mines and satellite
           orebodies by conveyors or spur lines. This approach seeks to maximise the value of installed infrastructure by using the same processing plant and rail
           infrastructure for several orebodies.

           Ore is crushed, beneficiated (where necessary) and blended at the processing hubs – Mt Newman operations (which has our beneficiation plant), Yandi,
           Mining Area C (our largest operating iron ore hub processing ore from Area C and South Flank) and Jimblebar – to create lump and fines products that
           are transported along the Port Hedland–Mt Newman rail line to the Finucane Island and Nelson Point port facilities at Port Hedland.

           There are four main WAIO joint ventures (JVs): Mt Newman JV, Yandi JV, Mt Goldsworthy JV (which includes the South Flank mining area) and
           Jimblebar JV. BHP’s interest in each is 85 per cent, with Mitsui and ITOCHU owning the remaining 15 per cent. The joint ventures are unincorporated,
           except Jimblebar JV.

           BHP, along with Mitsui, ITOCHU and POSCO are also participants in the POSMAC JV. BHP’s interest in POSMAC is 65 per cent. The ore from the
           POSMAC JV is sold to the Mt Goldsworthy JV.

           All ore is transported on the Mt Newman JV and Mt Goldsworthy JV rail lines. The Nelson Point port facility is owned by the Mt Newman JV and the
           Finucane Island facility is owned by the Mt Goldsworthy JV. On 7 September 2021, BHP received regulatory approval to increase our export capacity at
           WAIO’s Port Hedland operations, in stages, up to 330 million tonnes per annum (Mtpa) (100 per cent basis). We are currently studying expansion
           alternatives for growth up to 330 Mtpa with the feasibility study expected to be completed in CY2025.

           Our near-term focus remains on stable production of 290 Mtpa of iron ore. Successful tie-in of capital projects, including the port debottlenecking
           project, is expected to enable growth in excess of 305 Mtpa in the medium term.


           Key developments in FY2024
           WAIO achieved record production of 255 million tonnes (Mt) (253 Mt FY2023) or 287 Mt (285 Mt FY2023) on a 100 per cent basis, reflecting strong
           supply chain performance with increased capacity unlocked by the Port Debottlenecking Project 1 and increased production at South Flank. South Flank
           completed ramp up to full production capacity of 80 Mtpa (100 per cent basis) in FY2024 as planned, which contributed to WAIO achieving record
           lump sales for the year.

           Autonomous haulage deployment continues as planned.

           The Shiploader Automation Project has continued to progress with the automation completed on two shiploaders and the third shiploader nearing
           completion. Together with autonomous haulage rollouts at South Flank and Newman West, these initiatives are expected to deliver safety, production
           and cost improvements as well as new job and development opportunities.

           The Port Debottlenecking Project 1 was commissioned in December 2023 and has enabled higher production volumes and contributed to record sales
           volumes in FY2024. The project remains on track to be completed in CY2024.
           
                                                                                      25
           In February 2024, BHP approved US$943 million in capital expenditure for the development of the Western Ridge Crusher Project. This project is
           expected to deliver an average of 25 Mtpa providing around 12 years of product for WAIO to replace part of the production from depleting orebodies
           around Newman. First ore is targeted in CY2026.

           In FY2024, WAIO achieved record spend with Traditional Owners and Indigenous businesses representing a 69 per cent increase on the previous year to
           A$465 million of which A$237 million was spent with 68 Traditional Owner businesses.


           Coal
           BHP Mitsubishi Alliance
           




For personal use only
           Overview
           BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA) (BHP ownership: 50 per cent) operates five steelmaking coal mines – Goonyella Riverside, Broadmeadow, Peak
           Downs, Saraji and Caval Ridge in the Bowen Basin, Queensland. BMA’s mines are open cut, except for the Broadmeadow underground longwall
           operation. BMA has access to infrastructure, including a modern, multi-user rail network, and owns and operates its own coal-loading terminal at Hay
           Point, near Mackay.


           Key developments in FY2024
           BMA production of 22.3 Mt (44.6 Mt on a 100 per cent basis) decreased from the prior year as a result of increased stripping to improve supply chain
           stability and restore depleted inventory positions, which arose from extended weather impacts and labour constraints over recent years, and the
           divestment of Blackwater and Daunia on 2 April 2024. Production was also impacted by an extended longwall move and geotechnical faulting at
           Broadmeadow during H1 FY2024, and the temporary suspension of operations following the fatality of a team member at Saraji. Blackwater and
           Daunia produced 5 Mt (10 Mt on a 100 per cent basis) in FY2024 prior to their divestment.

           In April 2024, BMA’s owners, BHP and Mitsubishi Development, divested the Daunia and Blackwater mines to Whitehaven Coal, an ASX-listed
           company. Whitehaven Coal paid a combined US$2.0 billion cash consideration on completion plus a preliminary completion adjustment of
           US$44.1 million for working capital and other agreed adjustments (100 per cent interest basis). The total consideration for the transaction includes
           earnout and adjustments and may be up to US$4.1 billion plus the final completion adjustment amount.

           Goonyella continued to safely increase autonomous productivity and ultra-class truck fleet performance in FY2024 – delivering an annualised
           production hours increase of 7 per cent, contributing to a 6 per cent increase in truck and shovel stripping volumes at Goonyella Riverside, as we’ve
           continued to adapt and unlock the efficiencies of the system.

           In October 2023, BMA successfully commissioned a replacement berth structure and shiploader at Hay Point Coal Terminal resulting in improved
           resilience for significant weather and major cyclone events and enabling the port’s future and long-term capability.

           BMA operations largely lie within the Native Title Determination area of the Barada Barna people. BMA has been working closely with the Barada
           Barna Aboriginal Corporation (BBAC) to negotiate a project-wide Indigenous Land Use Agreement. The agreement was approved and signed by BBAC
           and BMA and is expected to be approved by the Queensland Government in early FY2025. This agreement demonstrates a refreshed approach to
           agreement structures and establishes a process to obtain and maintain Free Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) across the life of the operation. It
           provides a fit-for-purpose benefits package intended to provide intergenerational benefit for Barada Barna people through financial compensation,
           provision of housing, as well as in the areas of employment, education and contracting opportunities.
           
                                                                                      26
           New South Wales Energy Coal
           




           Overview
           New South Wales Energy Coal (NSWEC) (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) comprises the Mt Arthur Coal open-cut energy coal mine in the Hunter Valley.
           It has access to infrastructure in the Hunter Region, including a multi-user rail network and coal loading terminal access at the Port of Newcastle
           through Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group (BHP ownership: 28 per cent) and Port Waratah Coal Services.

           On 16 June 2022, we announced we would retain NSWEC in our portfolio, seek the relevant approvals to continue mining beyond the current consent




For personal use only
           that expires at the end of FY2026 and proceed with a managed process to cease mining at the asset by the end of FY2030. Continuation of mining to the
           end of FY2030 is intended to provide the time to work with our people and the local community on an equitable change and transition approach as well
           as the time to plan and execute the necessary works to deliver a positive legacy from BHP mining in the Hunter Valley.

           Key developments in FY2024
           Production increased due to strong operating performance across the year as improved weather and labour availability conditions enabled an uplift in
           truck productivity and record annualised truck hours. We also supported regional coal-fired power stations by delivering 1.3 Mt in line with New South
           Wales Government Coal Directions (Directions). The Directions ceased on 1 July 2024, with the change in royalty rates for open-cut mines increasing
           2.6 percentage points, from 8.2 per cent to 10.8 per cent. In FY2024, we renegotiated a contract with Thiess Mining Services for six years to provide
           contract mining services at the Mt Arthur South Operation.

           The application to continue mining for an additional four years from FY2026 to FY2030 was lodged with the New South Wales Government in
           September 2023 and is currently under assessment, with a determination expected in the first half of CY2025.

           We continue to progress plans to cease mining at the asset in FY2030, which includes the completion of progressive rehabilitation commitments during
           FY2024. We undertook significant engagement with our workforce and community in FY2024 as we worked to consider alternate mine land re-use
           outcomes for the site.

           Nickel
           Western Australia Nickel
           




           Overview
           Nickel West (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) is a fully integrated nickel business located in Western Australia, with three streams of concentrate. It
           comprises open-cut and underground mines, concentrators, a smelter and refinery. Nickel West owns the majority of tenements hosting Nickel Sulphide
           Mineral Resources in the Agnew-Wiluna belt, Western Australia.

           Disseminated sulphide ore is mined at the Mt Keith open-pit operation and Mt Keith Satellite mine (Yakabindie) and crushed and processed on-site to
           produce nickel concentrate. Nickel sulphide ore is mined at the Cliffs and Leinster underground mines and processed through a concentrator and dryer at
           Leinster. A concentrator plant in Kambalda processes ore and concentrate purchased from third parties.

           The three streams feed the Kalgoorlie nickel smelter, which uses a flash furnace to produce nickel matte. The Kwinana nickel refinery then turns this
           into nickel powder, briquettes and nickel sulphate.
           
                                                                                      27
           The West Musgrave Project (BHP ownership: 100 per cent; acquired as part of OZ Minerals) is a greenfield nickel and copper project located on
           Ngaanyatjarra Country in the West Musgrave Ranges of Western Australia, approximately 1,300 kilometres northeast of Perth and 1,400 kilometres
           northwest of Adelaide, near the intersection of the borders of Western Australia, South Australia and the Northern Territory.

           Key developments in FY2024
           On 11 July 2024, BHP announced Western Australia Nickel would be temporarily suspended from October 2024. We intend to review the decision to
           temporarily suspend Western Australia Nickel by February 2027.

           The decision to temporarily suspend Western Australia Nickel follows oversupply in the global nickel market. Forward consensus nickel prices over the
           next half of the decade have fallen sharply reflecting strong growth of alternative low-cost nickel supply.

           BHP will invest approximately US$300 million (A$450 million) per annum following completion of a transition period to support a potential re-start of
           Western Australia Nickel. The transition period commenced in July 2024. Operations will be suspended in October 2024 and handover activities for
           temporary suspension will be completed by December 2024. We will continue to support our workforce and local communities during the temporary
           suspension, including the establishment of a A$20 million Community Fund.

           5.2          Copper South Australia
           




For personal use only
           Copper South Australia comprises surface processing and underground mining operations in one of the world’s most significant copper, gold, silver and
           uranium basins. Copper South Australia was formed following our acquisition of OZ Minerals in May 2023 and refers to Olympic Dam, and
           Carrapateena and Prominent Hill operations, which were acquired from OZ Minerals, and the Oak Dam exploration project. The underground mining
           and conventional crushing operations of Carrapateena and Prominent Hill produce copper concentrate and are located in close proximity to the mining
           and integrated crushing, grinding, concentrating, smelting and refining operations of Olympic Dam, which produces copper cathode, gold and silver
           bullion, and uranium oxide concentrate. The commodities produced by Copper South Australia are transported by road and rail to our domestic
           customers and via the Adelaide and Whyalla ports to be exported to our global customers.

           Overview
           The Olympic Dam Mine (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) is one of the world’s most significant deposits of copper, gold, silver and uranium, located on
           Kokatha Country in the Gawler Craton, South Australia. It comprises underground mining and surface operations and is a fully integrated processing
           facility from ore to metal.

           Ore mined underground via sub-level open stoping is hauled by an automated train system to crushing, storage and ore hoisting facilities or trucked
           directly to the surface. Olympic Dam has a fully integrated metallurgical complex with a grinding and concentrating circuit, a hydrometallurgical plant
           incorporating solvent extraction circuits for copper and uranium, a copper smelter, a copper refinery, including an electro-refinery and an
           electrowinning-refinery, and a recovery circuit for precious metals.

           Carrapateena (BHP ownership: 100 per cent; acquired as part of OZ Minerals) is an underground copper, gold and silver mine located on Kokatha
           Country in the Gawler Craton, South Australia, approximately 180 kilometres by road southeast of Olympic Dam and 160 kilometres north of Port
           Augusta. Underground mining at Carrapateena is by sub-level caving. Conventional crushing, grinding and flotation produces copper concentrate.

           Prominent Hill (BHP ownership: 100 per cent; acquired as part of OZ Minerals) is an underground copper, gold and silver mine located on Antakirinja
           Matu-Yankunytjatjara Country in the Gawler Craton, South Australia, 200 kilometres northwest of Olympic Dam. Prominent Hill was first developed as
           an open-pit mine, however, mining activities have progressed underground via sub-level open stoping since 2012. Conventional crushing, grinding and
           flotation produce copper concentrate.

           The Oak Dam Project (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) is a greenfield copper, gold, silver and uranium deposit located on Kokatha Country in the Gawler
           Craton, South Australia.

           Key developments in FY2024
           Copper South Australia achieved production of 322 kilotonnes (kt) of payable copper, gold production of 370 thousand troy ounces (ktoz) and 3.6 kt of
           uranium.

           Olympic Dam achieved a record cathode production outcome under BHP operatorship of 216 kt, primarily driven by record mine and smelter
           performance. Record ore mined was achieved at 10.8 Mt (10.6 Mt FY2014) and record concentrate smelted was achieved at 508.9 kt (507.9 kt FY2023).
           Strong smelter performance at Olympic Dam was supported by 12.6 kt of concentrate transfers from Prominent Hill and Carrapateena, for processing to
           higher margin cathode. Record gold bullion production was also delivered in FY2024 at 207 ktoz (186 ktoz FY2023).

           The Olympic Dam underground mine continues to develop further into the Southern Mine Area, with approximately 70 per cent of total ore production
           currently from this part of the mine. Average copper grade remained strong at 2.01 per cent. The short-term focus is on optimising operational
           performance and debottlenecking existing facilities to further improve production performance.
           
                                                                                      28
           Resource drilling at Oak Dam continued, with up to 12 deep directional diamond drill rigs on the exploration licence, informing an Inferred Mineral
           Resource declaration. Drilling at OD Deeps in FY2024 was executed through up to 11 diamond rigs that explored beneath the Iron Oxide Copper Gold
           (IOCG) orebody at Olympic Dam. Results from this drilling were released as part of the Q2 FY2024 BHP Operational Review.

           Carrapateena achieved a record production outcome of 68 kt of payable copper production (60 kt in FY2023). Crusher Station 2 was successfully
           commissioned in Q3 FY2024 enabling higher productivity from the sub-level cave and record ore mined of 5.2 Mt in FY2024 (4.6 Mt FY2023) enabled
           milling throughput to increase to record rates of 5.2 Mt (4.7 Mt in FY2023). The bottom half of the Carrapateena orebody is being developed into a
           block cave, with the aim of unlocking the mine’s potential to be a multigenerational, low quartile cash cost producing operation and progress continued
           in FY2024 with the development of the decline below the current sub-level cave.

           In FY2024, Prominent Hill produced 50 kt of payable copper (54 kt in FY2023). Record ore to surface production was achieved at 4.5 Mt (4.4 Mt in
           FY2023) as development of the underground mine progresses, supported by record underground development of 17.2 kilometres (14.7 kilometres in
           FY2023). The Prominent Hill Operations Expansion to extend mine life and increase copper production continues works to construct and commission
           the 6.5 Mtpa ore capacity Wira Shaft. Shaft works advanced and the shaft sink is approximately 35 per cent complete at a current depth of
           approximately 450 metres.

           A funding agreement with the South Australian Government was signed in Q3 FY2024 for a study on the Northern Water Supply Project. Infrastructure
           South Australia will be undertaking the study for construction of a multi-user coastal desalination plant in the Upper Spencer Gulf to reduce reliance on
           the Great Artesian Basin.


           5.3 Minerals Americas
           The Minerals Americas asset group includes operated assets, projects and interests in non-operated joint ventures in Canada, Chile, Peru, the United
           States and Brazil.

           Our operated assets in the Americas are Escondida and Pampa Norte, which are open-cut mines that produce copper concentrate and copper cathodes,
           and the Jansen potash project in Canada. The non-operated assets in the Minerals Americas portfolio are open-cut mines that produce copper (Antamina)
           and iron ore (Samarco), and the Resolution Copper Project in the United States. The commodities produced by our Minerals Americas assets are




For personal use only
           transported to port by pipeline, rail or road and exported to customers around the world. In July 2024, we agreed to acquire a 50 per cent interest in the
           Filo del Sol and Josemaria copper projects in Argentina and Chile with Lundin Mining. If approved, this will give us the opportunity to jointly advance
           an emerging copper district with world-class potential.


           Copper
           Escondida
           




           Overview
           Escondida (BHP ownership: 57.5 per cent), located in the Atacama Desert in northern Chile, is a leading producer of copper concentrate and cathodes,
           with by-products including gold and silver.

           Escondida’s two pits feed three concentrator plants, as well as two leaching operations (oxide and sulphide).


           Key developments in FY2024
           Escondida copper production increased by 7 per cent to 1,125 kt primarily due to higher concentrator feed grade of 0.88 per cent, up from 0.82 per cent
           in FY2023, as mining progressed into areas of higher-grade ore as planned following the implementation of measures to manage geotechnical events in
           FY2023. This was partially offset by planned lower cathode production, as a result of prioritising concentrator throughput in prior years. Deployment of
           autonomous trucks began in the Escondida Norte pit in the second half of FY2024 and will ramp up to approximately 50 autonomous trucks over the
           next three years.

           In FY2024, the largest capacity cable-powered shovel available in the market commenced operations at Escondida, the first in Latin America and third
           in the world. This and further planned high-capacity shovel deployments will unlock further efficiency in the truck loading process enabling incremental
           system performance and lower unit cost.

           Escondida successfully completed negotiations for a new collective agreement with the Union N°1 of Operators and Maintainers, effective for 36
           months from 2 August 2024.
           
                                                                                      29
           Pampa Norte
           Overview
           Pampa Norte (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) consists of two assets in the Atacama Desert in northern Chile – Spence and Cerro Colorado.

           Spence produces copper cathodes and copper concentrate, with by-products including gold, silver and molybdenum.

           Cerro Colorado produced copper cathodes up until the asset entered temporary care and maintenance in December 2023.


           Key developments in FY2024
           Spence copper production increased by 6 per cent to 255 kt, driven by improved concentrator performance and feed grades. Record concentrate
           production was partially offset by lower cathode production, in line with an expected decline in stacked feed grade.

           In March 2024, Spence achieved fully autonomous mine haulage operations (ahead of the Q4 FY2024 target date) and has deployed a total of 33
           autonomous trucks.

           The concentrator plant modification, which commenced in August 2022, was completed in June 2024.

           In December 2023, Spence achieved gender balance across its total workforce and leadership roles ahead of BHP’s aspirational goal to achieve a
           minimum of 40 per cent female representation by the end of FY2025. During FY2024, Spence successfully completed negotiations for a new collective
           agreement with Union 2 of Supervisors, effective for 36 months from 1 December 2023 and with Union 1 of Operators and Maintainers effective for 36
           months from 1 June 2024.

           As disclosed in the Q2 FY2024 Operational Review, changes to the original Spence tailings storage facility (TSF) design were approved and are
           currently in execution. As we progress execution, we continue to closely monitor the previously identified anomalies to ensure safe operational
           conditions and studies are ongoing to assess whether further works are required. Production guidance at Spence remains subject to the remediation of
           the TSF anomalies.




For personal use only
           Cerro Colorado transitioned to temporary closure in December 2023, after producing 11 kt in the period. We are assessing the application of novel
           leaching technologies to utilise latent capacity and allow for a potential restart of operations early next decade.


           Potash
           Jansen potash project
           




           Overview
           The Jansen potash project (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) is located about 140 kilometres east of Saskatoon, Canada.

           Jansen’s large resource provides the opportunity to develop the project in stages, with Jansen Stage 1 (Jansen S1) expected to produce approximately
           4.15 Mt of potash per annum on completion and first production is expected in late CY2026. Approval of the 4.36 Mtpa Jansen Stage 2 (Jansen S2) has
           increased planned production to approximately 8.5 Mtpa, with further brownfield expansions up to 8 Mtpa (approximately 4 Mtpa per stage).

           BHP holds mineral leases covering around 9,600 square kilometres in the Saskatchewan potash basin.


           Key developments in FY2024
           Jansen S1 is ahead of the original schedule and was 52 per cent complete as at 30 June 2024. During FY2024, we successfully commissioned Jansen’s
           permanent power substation, while also advancing steelwork and equipment installation for surface and underground. Port construction transitioned
           from ground improvement to civil and concrete works.

           In October 2023, BHP approved an investment of US$4.9 billion for Jansen S2, following completion of the feasibility study, in line with plan.
           Execution of Jansen S2 commenced and is expected to take approximately six years, with first production targeted for FY2029, followed by a three-year
           ramp-up period.

           
           
                                                                                     30
           Copper
           Non-operated minerals joint ventures
           Antamina
           




           Overview
           Antamina (BHP ownership: 33.75 per cent), located in north central Peru, is a large, low-cost copper and zinc mine with by-products including
           molybdenum and silver. Antamina is operated independently by Compañía Minera Antamina S.A.




For personal use only
           Key developments in FY2024
           Antamina copper production increased by 4 per cent to 144 kt (BHP share) as a result of record concentrator throughput offsetting lower planned feed
           grades. Zinc production was 17 per cent lower at 103 kt (BHP share) reflecting planned lower feed grades.

           In FY2024, Peruvian authorities approved Antamina’s Modification of the Environmental Impact Assessment (MEIA), extending the life of Antamina
           from CY2028 to CY2036.


           Resolution Copper
           




           Overview
           Resolution Copper (BHP ownership: 45 per cent), located in the US State of Arizona, is one of the largest undeveloped copper projects in the world and
           has the potential to become one of the largest copper producers in North America. Resolution Copper is operated by Rio Tinto (55 per cent ownership).


           Key developments in FY2024
           During FY2024, Resolution Copper continued the engineering and permitting phase of the project. The project is subject to a Final Environmental
           Impact Statement (FEIS), which is a federal permitting process led by the US Forest Service. The US Forest Service published a FEIS in January 2021,
           which was rescinded in March 2021 to allow additional environmental analysis and consultation with Native American Tribes. The US Forest Service
           has indicated there is no timeline for republication of the FEIS, which is subject to three lawsuits filed against the US Forest Service on behalf of Native
           American Tribe members and non-government organisations. Resolution Copper has publicly stated its commitment to deepening ongoing engagement
           with Native American Tribes and other stakeholders while collaborating to create shared value opportunities. As part of the permitting process, the US
           Government has continued to consult with Native American Tribes resulting in the identification of mitigation strategies for cultural heritage areas in the
           project area.
           
                                                                                       31
           Iron ore
           Non-operated minerals joint venture
           Samarco
           




           Overview
           Samarco (BHP ownership: 50 per cent) comprises a mine and three concentrators located in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais, and four pellet plants
           and a port located in Anchieta in the state of Espírito Santo. Three 400-kilometre pipelines connect the mine site to the pelletising facilities. Samarco is
           operated independently by Samarco Mineração S.A. Samarco’s main product is iron ore pellets, which are independently marketed by Samarco and sold




For personal use only
           to customers around the world.

           Samarco’s operations were suspended in November 2015 after the Fundão dam failure. Since resuming operations in December 2020, 80 per cent of the
           tailings generated are filtrated and dry stacked, and 20 per cent are deposited in a confined pit enabling Samarco to operate without a conventional
           tailings dam structure.

           Key developments in FY2024
           Samarco increased iron ore pellets and ore fines production in FY2024 by 5 per cent to 4.7 Mt (BHP share). Samarco is currently operating at 31 per
           cent of its total 26 Mtpa (100 per cent basis) production capacity and has shipped more than 29 Mt (100 per cent basis) of pellets and fines since the
           resumption of operations in December 2020. In June 2023, Samarco Board of Directors approved investment to increase production to approximately
           60 per cent of its full capacity through restarting the second concentrator and third pelletising plant, expanding the existing filtration plant and increasing
           the mine fleet. Project execution is on track with first production expected in early CY2025.

           In December 2023, Samarco completed a restructure of its debts under the Judicial Reorganisation process, which included payments to employees and
           suppliers and the issue of new unsecured debt to Samarco’s financial creditors. The restructure provides Samarco with a stable financial position to
           continue to rebuild its operations and strengthen its ability to meet its remediation and compensation obligations related to the Fundão dam failure. This
           also benefits neighbouring communities through job creation, investment and taxes.

           Samarco has been progressively decommissioning its upstream tailings dam structures in accordance with Brazilian legislation. Decommissioning works
           for the smaller of the two tailings dams, the Germano Pit dam, were completed during FY2023 and formally approved by state authorities in FY2024.
           The progressive decommissioning of the remaining upstream tailings dam structure, the Germano Main dam, is on track for completion by FY2029.
           These structures have been certified as stable by independent third parties and are compliant with local stability and monitoring requirements. In
           addition, Samarco is now fully compliant with the Global Industry Standards on Tailings Management (GISTM) requirements.

           Samarco is continuing broader studies to review solutions to operate without tailings dams beyond FY2030.

           For more information on the Fundão dam failure and the response refer to OFR 7
           5.4 Commercial
           BHP’s Commercial function seeks to maximise commercial and social value while minimising costs across the end-to-end supply chain. The function is
           organised around core activities in our value chain, supported by risk governance and analytics.

           Sales and Marketing
           The Sales and Marketing team connects BHP to the market through commercial expertise, sales and operations planning, customer insights and
           proactive risk management. It presents a single face to market across multiple assets, with a view to realising maximum value and supporting
           sustainability initiatives in our value chain.

           Maritime and Supply Chain Excellence
           The Maritime and Supply Chain Excellence team manages BHP’s enterprise-wide maritime transportation strategy and the chartering of ocean freight to
           meet BHP’s inbound and outbound transportation needs. It focuses on supply chain excellence and sourcing cost-efficient marine freight in addition to
           engaging within the maritime ecosystem with a view to uplifting overall safety standards in the industry, promoting seafarer welfare and supporting
           GHG emissions intensity reduction initiatives. It also seeks to manage supply chain risk by vetting the safety performance of the ships loading BHP
           cargo and partnering with reliable vessel owners with excellent operational and safety standards.

           Procurement
           Our global Procurement team connects asset teams and suppliers to procure the goods and services used by our projects, operated assets and functions
           globally. Procurement partners with our suppliers to optimise safety, equipment performance, reduce operating costs, optimise working capital and
           generate social value. Through innovation, we work with our suppliers to support opportunities to reduce the GHG emissions intensity of inbound goods
           and services and the operational GHG emissions of our operated assets. Procurement manages supply chain risk, fosters supplier innovation and looks to
           develop positive and enduring relationships with global suppliers and local businesses in the communities where we operate.
           
                                                                                         32
           Market Analysis and Economics
           Our Market Analysis and Economics team develops BHP’s proprietary view on the outlook for commodity demand and prices, as well as our input
           costs, the world economy and financial markets, and the potential impact of climate change in those contexts. The team works with our Procurement,
           Maritime and Sales and Marketing sub-functions to help optimise end-to-end commercial value and with the Portfolio Strategy and Development and
           External Affairs functions to identify and respond to long-run strategic changes in our operating environment.


           Global Business Services
           The Global Business Services team integrates repeatable process activity across the Group into a single shared services operation. With the BHP
           Operating System and process transformation capabilities at its core, the team has the mandate to aggregate, operate and improve end-to-end processes
           on behalf of assets and functions to drive operational excellence.
           
                                                                                     33




For personal use only
           6            Sustainability
           Sustainability is key to our purpose of bringing people and resources together to build a better world and is core to our strategy.

           >For more information on BHP’s approach to and definition of sustainability refer to OFR 6 and Additional information 10.4


           6.1           Safety
           Protecting the safety and wellbeing of our workforce and the communities where we operate is of the highest importance at BHP and is underpinned by
           Our Values.

           In January 2024, a valued contracting colleague, Luke O’Brien, was fatally injured at our BMA Coal operations in Queensland in a vehicle-related
           event. The investigation findings were shared internally with relevant stakeholders to broaden and inform operational learning and improvement. Our
           investigation into the previous year’s fatal event, involving Nathan Scholz at Olympic Dam, is being finalised while external review processes are
           ongoing.

           These tragic events reinforce the need to continue to deepen our understanding of the causes of fatal incidents so we can strengthen our controls. We
           continue to focus proactively on integrating safety in the way work is performed through our BHP Operating System (BOS) and strive to improve the
           quality of our global Field Leadership Program and uplift safety leadership capability across our organisation.

           We believe a positive workplace culture built on care and trust will enable us to understand more about the work conditions that increase risk to our
           workforce and influence how work is executed. We also believe learning from those who perform the work and are closest to the risks gives us greater
           insight into how we can improve fatal risk control verification. This approach recognises that work is complex due to the interactions that occur between
           people, equipment/tools, processes, systems and culture, and how they influence one another can impact safety outcomes.

           Leaders play an instrumental role in shaping our organisation’s culture. Our General Managers Integrated Leadership Forum is an example of how we
           are growing organisational capability and embedding BOS principles. The forum promotes strong safety leadership discussions, reinforcing ‘felt
           leadership’, collaboration and connection as we seek better ways to learn and improve together.




For personal use only
           Our safety performance
           In FY2024 we recorded:1
           
           •             one fatal incident involving a vehicle, where a valued colleague undertaking contract work lost their life
           
           •             a 36 per cent decrease in the high-potential injury frequency rate from FY2023. The highest number of events with the potential for one or more
                         fatalities was related to vehicle and mobile equipment incidents. We closely monitor high-potential injury trends and focus on identifying the
                         contributing factors to help inform fatality risk control improvements
           
           •             a 5 per cent increase in total recordable injury frequency (TRIF) from FY2023. The highest number of recordable injuries related to slips, trips and
                         falls for employees and contractors. The second-highest number of injuries for employees related to being hit by a moving object and for
                         contractors related to being caught between objects
           
           •             an increase in field leadership activities compared to FY2023 performance, at a frequency rate of 9,868 activities per million hours worked with
                         over 1.8 million activities completed. We understand the importance and value of sustaining the quality of these engagements and we continue to
                         promote coaching, a key element of our scheduled work routines, as an important tool for achieving this. The field leadership coaching rate was
                         42 per cent for Layered Audits and Critical Control Observations, remaining on par with the previous year

           This section includes FY2024 safety data and information relating to the former OZ Minerals operations that form part of our Copper South Australia
           asset and the West Musgrave Project (acquired as part of BHP’s acquisition of OZ Minerals on 2 May 2023) unless expressly stated otherwise.
           




           
                                                                                               34
           As we learn year on year, we continue to look for opportunities to improve the application of the following programs and systems as outlined in the
           sections below:
           
           •            Fatality Elimination Program – asset-based fatality risk control implementation plans aimed at eliminating fatalities at our operations by having
                        effective controls in place
           
           •            Field Leadership – enabling a culture of care, standard setting and supporting risk control verification
           
           •            Contractor Management – helping to protect the health and safety of our contractors is an important element of asset-based health and safety
                        management systems


           Fatality Elimination Program
           It is paramount that we continue to learn, improve and focus on opportunities to verify and strengthen our critical risk control framework to more
           effectively manage and prevent fatality risks.

           We developed and introduced the Fatality Elimination Program (FEL) program in 2020. The FEL program requires our assets to implement fatal risk
           controls across their respective material safety risk profiles. The FEL program remains a high priority across BHP, with an intended completion of asset
           FEL control implementation plans in FY2025. Asset implementation plan progress against the FEL program is measured and tracked by the Executive
           Leadership Team and BHP scorecard to ensure visibility at the highest level. Post FY2025, ongoing asset control implementation and improvements will
           be managed via the existing risk evaluation process.

           We will continue to evolve our approach to safety risk management and our understanding of what conditions and factors influence the cause of
           incidents and the verification and validation of fatal risk controls.

           In FY2024:
           
           •            On average, assets achieved over 90 per cent compliance for FEL program controls implemented according to the plan for this financial year.
           
           •            We continued implementation of the five-year fatality elimination roadmap, including the recommended sequencing of strengthened controls




For personal use only
                        based on effort, cost and near-miss reduction impact.
           
           •            We continued to undertake data analysis and insights into our high-potential near-miss and actual events, moving from three-monthly to
                        six-monthly reviews, to identify more meaningful themes over a longer sampling period. This included a continued focus on the relevant risks,
                        controls and conditions that may increase the likelihood of incidents.
           
           •            We identified ongoing FEL program fatal risk control verification and improvement opportunities via regional-focused assurance activities.
           
           •            We continued to review the Fatal Risk Control Management Framework to improve how we manage single-fatality occupational safety risk, with
                        vehicle and mobile equipment remaining our highest risk. This ongoing work involves deepening our organisational understanding of risk and
                        what causes incidents, improved performance standards and the quality of our fatal risk control verification and assurance programs.


           Field Leadership Program
           Leaders spending time in the field fosters a culture of care, which helps to maintain safe operations. Our global Field Leadership Program encourages
           the workforce to provide feedback to their leaders about safety issues and concerns, and may also include sharing insights into safer ways of working. It
           involves leaders having quality two-way conversations with workers in the field and drives a common approach to improving health, safety and
           environment (HSE) performance. The program helps verify that critical safety controls are in place, being applied and are effective in managing risks
           that have the potential to result in fatalities.

           The global field leadership tools include Layered Audits, Critical Control Observations, Planned Task Confirmations and Take Time Talks, and are
           supported by coaching routines.

           In FY2024 we continued to:
           
           •            improve the quality of field leadership activities by increasing training and coaching, and delivering field leadership engagements across all levels
                        of the organisation
           
           •            conduct field leadership activities to support the verification of risks that have the potential to result in injuries or illnesses and fatalities across our
                        operated assets
           
           •            embed the global field leadership procedure, which is designed to increase the effectiveness of field leadership activities across the business
           
                                                                                                  35
           Contractor management
           Our commitment to safety includes helping to protect the many thousands of contractors who represent a significant part of our total workforce.

           Our approach to contractor management is intended to make it safer and easier for contractors to work with us and designed to support an inclusive,
           respectful and caring workplace culture. We have an asset-focused approach to contractor management, with our contract owners playing a significant
           role in helping us improve our partnerships with BHP service providers. Contract owners work collaboratively with contractors to deliver work safely
           under the conditions of their contract and in accordance with our mandatory minimum requirements for contractor management and the respective asset
           safety management plans and systems.

           In FY2024 we:
           
           •            simplified our mandatory minimum requirements for contractor management under an asset-focused model
           
           •            undertook internal assurance and audit activities at an asset level
           
           •            Transitioned the Integrated Contractor Management (ICM) project, which included facilitating contractor mobilisation to an asset-led model


           >For more information on safety refer to bhp.com/safety
           
                                                                                              36




For personal use only
           6.2          Our sustainability approach
           The way we produce our commodities and how we responsibly manage our sustainability-related impacts is critical to our future. Our stakeholders and
           partners are increasingly focused on our sustainability performance and use it as a key metric in assessing BHP and our industry.

           We define our approach to sustainability through our purpose and Our Values, which are governed through our Global Standards. These standards
           describe our mandatory minimum performance requirements and provide the foundation for sustainability performance at our operated assets and in our
           functions.

           Our social value framework expands on and deepens our long-standing commitment to sustainability.


           >For information on our approach to social value, including the aspirational goals and associated metrics we have set for ourselves, refer to
           OFR 6.5
           >For information on our governance of sustainability, including the FY2024 improvement project for our internal Group-wide standards, refer
           to OFR 6.3
           There are a number of voluntary global sustainability frameworks, standards, benchmarks and initiatives that we seek to comply with. We continue to
           report against the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Mining and Metals Standards
           and the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in addition to engaging on consultations relating to the
           International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) standards. During FY2024, the trend towards mandatory sustainability-related frameworks
           increased, and we continue to monitor these developments for their potential application to BHP, including the proposed Australian Sustainability
           Reporting Standards (ASRS), the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence
           Directive (CSDDD).


           >For information on our engagement with climate-specific regulatory developments refer to OFR 6.9
           In FY2024, we continued our commitment to a number of responsible production and sourcing standards, which require self-assessment and third-party
           verification of management systems and performance at an asset, operation or facility level. These standards, such as the International Council on




For personal use only
           Mining and Metals (ICMM) Performance Expectations, Towards Sustainable Mining and the Copper Mark, require disclosure of our performance
           against detailed requirements across a broad range of sustainability topics.

           Details of the voluntary sustainability standards that we have reported against for FY2024 are set out in the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024.


           >The BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024 is available at bhp.com/ESGStandards2024
           Our Modern Slavery Statement 2024 is prepared under the Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018 and UK Modern Slavery Act 2015 and outlines our
           management of modern slavery risks. In May 2024, BHP Canada Inc. published its first modern slavery statement under Canada’s newly enacted
           Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act for the financial year 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023.


           >The BHP Group Modern Slavery Statement 2024 is available at bhp.com/MSS2024
           Treatment of former OZ Minerals and divestment of Daunia and Blackwater coal mines
           This Report includes FY2024 sustainability-related data and information relating to the former OZ Minerals operations that form part of our Copper
           South Australia asset and the West Musgrave Project (acquired as part of BHP’s acquisition of OZ Minerals on 2 May 2023), unless expressly stated
           otherwise in the relevant section. Prior year sustainability-related data and information has not been adjusted and restated unless expressly stated
           otherwise. Former OZ Minerals Brazil sustainability-related data and information has been excluded from this Report unless otherwise expressly stated.
           Where OZ Minerals Brazil data is included as required to meet legal and regulatory requirements or as necessary to meet applicable voluntary standards
           and benchmarks, that data has been prepared in accordance with former OZ Minerals standards due to ongoing strategic review of these assets by BHP.

           This Report includes sustainability-related data and information relating to BMA’s Daunia and Blackwater coal mines up to completion of their
           divestment on 2 April 2024, unless expressly stated otherwise in the relevant section.


           6.3          Sustainability governance
           The BHP Board has oversight of our sustainability approach and performance and is supported by each of its Committees.


           >For information on BHP’s governance structure, including the work of the Board and each Committee refer to the Corporate Governance
           Statement
           >For information on the governance of climate change refer to OFR 6.9 and the BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2024 available at
           bhp.com/ CTAP2024
           During FY2024, we launched our new Global Controlled Documents suite following an improvement project to streamline the mandatory minimum
           performance requirements set in our internal Group-wide standards. This included updates across the suite of sustainability-related Global Standards
           (previously Our Requirements standards) relating to Climate Change, Environment, Community and Indigenous Peoples and the introduction of a new
           Social Value and Sustainability Global Standard. These improvements seek to make our requirements and our ways of working easier for our people to
           understand and apply.
           
                                                                                     37
           >External versions of key sustainability-related elements of these Global Standards are available at bhp.com/about/operating-
           ethically/corporate-governance
           Our management-level Sustainability and ESG Steering Committee (ESG SteerCo) undertakes review of a range of cross-functional and strategic issues
           relating to key sustainability and ESG topics. Issues under the remit of the ESG SteerCo are driven by regular assessment of materiality and relative
           priority and determined in line with BHP’s social value framework pillars. In FY2024, the membership of the ESG SteerCo included the Chief Legal,
           Governance and External Affairs Officer, the Chief Operations Officer, the Chief Commercial Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Presidents of
           Minerals Americas and Minerals Australia from the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) as well as sustainability and ESG leaders within BHP. Matters
           considered by the ESG SteerCo may also be subject to review or approval by the ELT and the Board or its Committees, in accordance with their remits.

           The ESG SteerCo met four times during FY2024. They discussed topics including our community and human rights impact and opportunity
           assessments, nature-positive plans to support progress against our 2030 Healthy environment goal, environmental performance, sustainability standards
           strategy and implementation, and preparation of our Climate Transition Action Plan 2024.
           




For personal use only
           6.4          Material topics for sustainability reporting
           Annual sustainability materiality assessment
           Each year we determine which sustainability topics are considered most material to our business, partners and stakeholders for the purpose of our
           sustainability-related reporting (which may differ from the materiality standards applied by other reporting regimes) by undertaking an impact
           materiality assessment in alignment with the recommendations of the GRI. These topics are referred to as our material sustainability topics. The findings
           of this assessment help us determine the information our stakeholders are seeking and therefore the material sustainability topics for disclosure in OFR
           6. In FY2024 we have consolidated the material topics within OFR 6 compared to FY2023 and we have reported on value chain sustainability and
           tailings storage facilities within OFR 6.4, sexual harassment within OFR 6.6, and digital security and data privacy within OFR 8.1.

           Our materiality assessment considers our potential and actual positive and negative impacts by an assessment of a broad range of inputs, including
           BHP’s material risk profile (refer to OFR 8), information recorded in our internal event management system, our social value framework, topics raised
           at our Annual General Meeting (AGM) and industry standards and guidance. Our assessment aims to capture our external partners’ and stakeholders’
           perspectives through incorporating consideration of issues raised at our AGM and investor roundtables, industry sustainability standards and guidance,
           sustainability-related regulatory focus areas, and relevant media articles about our impacts. Sustainability-related impacts can arise from our direct
           operational activities, such as managing tailings storage facilities, or result from activities within our value chain, such as procuring goods and services
           from our suppliers. We aim to address this in our materiality assessment by considering a broad range of inputs and perspectives. Our material
           sustainability topics are reviewed by the Sustainability Committee annually.


           >For more information on our materiality assessment for sustainability reporting refer to bhp.com/sustainability
           The material sustainability topics identified in this assessment are shown against our social value pillars, as illustrated in the table on page 39 together
           with the sections of OFR 6 that address these topics and the most relevant risk factors as described in OFR 8.1, and are largely consistent with FY2023.


           >For more information on the process by which we identify and manage risk at BHP and our risk factors, which include sustainability-related
           risks, refer to OFR 8
           
                                                                                        38
For personal use only


           Respecting human rights
           We recognise we have the potential to cause, contribute to or be directly linked to human rights impacts through our operations and supply chain
           primarily relating to workplace health and safety, labour rights, activities of security providers, land access and use, water and sanitation, community
           wellbeing, and Indigenous peoples’ rights relating to culture, identity, traditions and customs.

           Our Human Rights Policy Statement and relevant standards outline our commitment and approach to respecting human rights and the principles by
           which we conduct our human rights due diligence. This involves taking a rights-based approach for our own operations and for modern slavery-related
           risks in our supply chain to identify and assess actual and potential impacts, considering how impacts may affect people, integrating and acting upon the
           findings, monitoring effectiveness, and communicating how actual and potential impacts are addressed.

           In FY2023, BHP developed and commenced implementation of a globally consistent methodology for our community and human rights impact and
           opportunity assessments (CHRIOAs), which identified potential impacts and risks to local communities where we operate. The methodology design
           incorporated consideration of relevant human rights in accordance with our Human Rights Policy Statement, views from our stakeholders and the
           United Nation Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) approach to identifying and prioritising salient human rights issues. During
           FY2024, an external human rights expert reviewed the approach and provided feedback on the CHRIOA process to further strengthen our approach to
           identifying potential human rights impacts, which we will seek to incorporate in FY2025. The methodology is described in more detail in OFR 6.11.
           
                                                                                       39
           Responsible sourcing and production standards performance
           We recognise there are sustainability-related opportunities and impacts across our value chain. BHP has voluntarily committed to the adoption of a set of
           external standards for the responsible production and sourcing of minerals and metals, as outlined in OFR 6.2. Our performance is assured against these
           standards by an independent third party and this allows us to more transparently demonstrate to our stakeholders our intent to be a responsible actor
           within the mining and metals industry and within global value chains for our products. This also helps us align with sustainability-related requirements
           set out by national mining associations, industry associations, commodity exchanges and relevant emerging regulations.

           Relevant Australian operated assets continued to progress implementation of the Towards Sustainable Mining framework, as part of the three-year
           implementation phase and in preparation for public reporting by the end of CY2025.

           Our Escondida and Spence operations in Chile and Olympic Dam operations in Australia were previously assured against The Copper Mark Criteria
           Guide (reference 24 January 2020) and continue work to prepare for their next assessments. The Copper Mark is a voluntary assurance framework that
           independently assesses participants against 32 performance criteria across environmental, social and governance dimensions.

           During FY2024, Escondida, Spence, Olympic Dam and Nickel West (which produced brands listed on the London Metal Exchange (LME)) successfully
           completed third-party verification for the FY2023 period against the Joint Due Diligence Standard (JDDS) as an OECD-aligned and LME-approved
           standard. For Escondida, Spence and Olympic Dam, JDDS certificates were issued under the broader Copper Mark certification while Nickel West was
           issued a standalone JDDS certificate by The Copper Mark.

           Our Responsible Minerals Program (RMP) is our minerals and metals supply chain due diligence program that applies to minerals and metals that we
           source from third parties (either for feedstock or third-party trading purposes). The RMP has been designed to align with the OECD’s Due Diligence
           Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas. We are currently undertaking a project to develop
           and integrate an expanded scope of environmental risks that will seek to align the due diligence undertaken within the RMP with the OECD’s Handbook
           on Environmental Due Diligence in Mineral Supply Chains.

           Under the Responsible supply chains pillar of our social value framework, we seek to create sustainable, ethical and transparent supply chains together
           with our partners. One of the FY2024 short-term milestones within the Responsible Supply Chains pillar outlined in OFR 6.5 that we met was to
           determine ethical supplier improvement plans with partners, where required. The Ethical Supply Chain and Transparency (ESCT) team within




For personal use only
           Compliance reviews audit reports prepared by our third-party audit provider and monitors corrective action taken by suppliers in response to audit
           findings.


           >For more information on our supplier due diligence approach refer to the Summary of FY2024 audits in the BHP Group Modern Slavery
           Statement 2024 available at bhp.com/ MSS2024
           >For more information on our Responsible Minerals Program refer to our Responsible Minerals Program Report 2024 available at
           bhp.com/-/media/documents/environment/2024/240827_BHPResponsibleMineralsProgramReport2024
           >For more information on our approach to value chain sustainability refer to bhp.com/sustainability/valuechainsustainability
           Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management
           As an ICMM member, BHP has committed to achieving alignment with the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) for all
           BHP-operated tailings storage facilities (TSFs). BHP is focused on safety and the integrity of TSFs at our operated assets to protect people and the
           environment. In August 2023, we disclosed an overview of our conformance against the GISTM for our TSFs with a GISTM classification of Very High
           or Extreme rated facilities as at 31 July 2023 (excluding the four TSFs introduced to the BHP portfolio by the acquisition of OZ Minerals in May 2023),
           based on a self-assessment. Our August 2024 public disclosure is an update of the 2023 disclosure, and also includes the results of third-party validation
           of 10 of these TSFs and the remainder will be included in future disclosures.

           In accordance with the timeline for members of the ICMM, work towards GISTM conformance has been progressed for the 49 remaining BHP-operated
           TSFs and we plan to disclose an overview of our conformance in August 2025. Further detail is reported in the GISTM public disclosure document.


           >For our Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management Public Disclosure 2024 refer to bhp.com/sustainability
           >For more information on tailings storage facilities refer to bhp.com/sustainability/tailings-storage-facilities


           6.5          2030 goals
           Our social value scorecard
           Our social value framework, 2030 goals and social value scorecard were first published in June 2022. Since then, we have worked to embed social value
           into our decision-making through processes and systems, such as:
           
           •            carrying out social value assessments for our operated assets to identify social value priorities ahead of the annual planning cycle
           
           •            utilising our non-economically quantifiable impact (NEQI) framework to systematically identify, consistently evaluate and transparently present
                        actual and potential social value impacts for consideration in our investment decisions where applicable

           We provide progress on our 2030 goals through our social value scorecard. The scorecard is intended to evolve over time as our plans mature and to
           keep pace, as appropriate, with our internal and external environment. Our performance in FY2024 against the scorecard and our new FY2025
           milestones are provided on page 41 to demonstrate our progress towards our 2030 goals.


           > For more information on how the metrics and milestones support progress towards our 2030 goals and the methods we use to measure
           progress refer to the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024 available at bhp.com/ ESGStandards2024
           
                                                                                              40
           Social investment
           Guided by our social value framework, our social investment aims to make a meaningful contribution to addressing the sustainable development
           challenges of most relevance to our business, partners and stakeholders.

           In FY2024, our voluntary social investment totalled US$136.7 million. This investment consisted of US$102.4 million in direct funding for initiatives in
           line with our social value framework, US$15.2 million to non-operated joint venture social investment programs, and US$1.8 million under the BHP
           Matched Giving Program. Administrative costs to facilitate social investment activities totalled US$12.5 million and US$6.4 million supported the
           operations of the BHP Foundation.


           >For more information on our social investment, including case studies and performance against our global social investment indicators, refer
           to bhp.com/sustainability/approach/social-investment
           >For more information on the BHP Foundation refer to bhp-foundation.org
           




For personal use only




           Footnotes
           
                        1.   With widespread adoption expected post-2030. We have revised the language used in our medium-term goal for steelmaking to provide
                             greater clarity and reflect the range of steelmaking process routes that now form part of our strategy. This is due to technology advances
                             as well as the evolution of our strategy. For more information refer to the BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2024 available at
                             bhp.com/CTAP2024.
           
                                                                                        41
                        2.    For the definition of the terms used to express these positions, including ‘target’, ‘goal’, ‘net zero’, ‘carbon neutral’ and ‘operational
                              GHG emissions’ refer to Additional information 10.4. For more information on the essential definitions, assumptions and adjustments
                              for our targets and goals refer to Metrics, targets and goals in OFR 6.9.
           
                        3.    Nature-positive is defined by the TNFD Glossary version 1.0 as ‘A high-level goal and concept describing a future state of nature (e.g.
                              biodiversity, ecosystem services and natural capital) which is greater than the current state’. We understand it to include land and water
                              management practices that halt and reverse nature loss – that is, supporting healthy, functioning ecosystems. BHP intends to review this
                              definition in FY2025, in light of the recently revised TNFD Glossary version 2.0 (June 2024) definition of nature-positive.
           
                        4.    Excluding areas we hold under greenfield exploration licences (or equivalent tenements), which are outside the area of influence of our
                              existing mine operations. 30 per cent will be calculated based on the areas of land and water that we steward at the end of FY2030. For
                              more information refer to the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024 available at bhp.com/sustainability. For an overview of the
                              operational area (i.e. disturbed area) and non-operational area within our own operational footprint that is the boundary of our 2030
                              Healthy environment goal, and their size and relativity to one another refer to the infographic in OFR 6.10.
           
                        5.    For our FY2024 key metric, while some of the land related to the Daunia and Blackwater mines is pending transfer following BMA’s
                              divestment of these mines on 2 April 2024, these areas are no longer under BMA’s control or operated for BMA’s benefit so have been
                              excluded from the areas of land and water we stewarded at 30 June 2024.
           
                        6.    Cultural diversity in our workforce will be measured based on our substantive progress towards reflecting the cultural diversity of the
                              societies where we operate.
           
                        7.    Baseline year and performance data adjusted; for the adjustments we make, refer to Climate-related metrics, targets and goals beginning
                              on page 52 in the BHP Annual Report 2024.
           
                        8.    CY2008 was selected as the baseline year for this goal to align with the base year for the International Maritime Organisation’s
                              CY2030 emission intensity goal and its corresponding reasoning and strategy. Baseline and performance data have been adjusted to
                              only include voyages associated with the transportation of commodities currently in BHP’s portfolio due to the data availability
                              challenges of adjusting by asset or operation for CY2008 and subsequent year data. GHG emissions intensity calculations currently
                              include the transportation of copper, iron ore, steelmaking coal, energy coal, molybdenum, uranium and nickel. Baseline and




For personal use only
                              performance data have also been adjusted for a methodology change to use maritime transport emission factors from EU Regulation
                              2023/1805, after The British Standards Institution EN 16258 standard (the source of the emission factors we previously used) was
                              withdrawn in CY2023.
           
                        9.    Excluding in-kind contributions.
           
                        10.   Area under stewardship that has a formal management plan that includes conservation, restoration or regenerative practices. 1.62 per
                              cent is calculated based on the areas of land and water that we stewarded at 30 June 2024, as per footnote 4. For more information refer
                              to the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024 available at bhp.com/sustainability.
           
                        11.   Natural capital accounts are a way to measure the amount, condition and value of environmental assets in a given area. They help
                              describe changes in ecosystems and how these impact wellbeing and economies.
           
                        12.   Point in time data at 30 June 2024.
           
                        13.   8.3 per cent refers to Indigenous employee participation at Minerals Australia operations. Total Indigenous employee participation in
                              Australia, including non-operational roles (1.9 per cent), was 7.5 per cent at 30 June 2024.
           
                        14.   11.2 per cent refers to Indigenous employee participation at the Jansen potash project and operation in Canada.
           
                        15.   10.1 per cent refers to Indigenous employee participation at Minerals Americas operations in Chile.
           
                        16.   Since publishing our FY2023 scorecard, we have updated the methodology we use to track our ‘Progress to plan’ key metric and this
                              change is reflected in our FY2024 performance against this metric. We had previously intended the metric would be Indigenous partner-
                              measured (using a traffic light score) on satisfaction in relation to the milestones agreed in relevant partnerships, as co-designed in our
                              regional Indigenous Peoples Plans. This update clarifies our intention to report on ‘Progress to plan’ in relation to our progress against
                              the current or planned regional Indigenous Peoples Plans in Australia, Canada and Chile. The updated methodology for this metric
                              aligns with the reporting methodology for the finalised regional plans, including the Australian Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP)
                              published in May 2023 and the Canada Indigenous Partnerships Plan (CIPP) approved in June 2024 and published in August 2024, both
                              of which will report on progress against the milestones co-designed in each plan. Australia is the only region with data available to
                              report on its first year of progress against the RAP in FY2024, therefore the social value scorecard metric for Australia is considered ‘on
                              track’ for FY2024. The first progress report for Canada on our co-designed CIPP will be made in our Annual Report 2025. We are still
                              developing our regional Indigenous Peoples Plan for Chile. We have retained the Indigenous partner-measured methodology for
                              measuring the ‘Present relationship health’ key metric. For more information refer to OFR 6.12 and the BHP ESG Standards and
                              Databook 2024 available at bhp.com/ESGStandards2024.
           
                        17.   Indigenous partners who participated in the relationship health check project in FY2024 considered and provided feedback on social,
                              cultural and commercial aspects of their relationship with BHP and provided a rating on a 0–10 scale on the present health of their
                              relationship with BHP – 0 is very poor, 5 is average and 10 is very good. For more information refer to OFR 6.12.
           
                        18.   Reduction in life-altering injury or illness includes life-altering or long-term permanent disabling injuries and illnesses as defined by
                              BHP’s Risk Framework. Since we commenced measuring our life-altering injury and illness metric, we have learned that a longer
                              measurement period is required for analysis to allow for the classification of more chronic conditions. Therefore, it will not be reported
                              on in this Report or included as a key metric in the social value scorecard in FY2025. This reflects a change from what we proposed in
                              our FY2023 social value scorecard and so we have retained this metric in our FY2024 scorecard (without reporting against it) to
                              explain the change in approach. The two main illness and injury types that influence life-altering injury or illness for BHP are
                              musculoskeletal cases and noise-induced hearing loss cases, both of which we report on in OFR 6.7.
           
                                                                                          42
                        19.   Co-design requires meaningful engagement and contribution to the plan from a variety of interested stakeholders. For an overview of
                              our approach to co-design and co-creation (terms which we use interchangeably) refer to OFR 6.11.
           
                        20.   This includes contribution to suppliers, wages and benefits for employees, dividends, taxes, royalties and voluntary social investment.
                              For more information refer to the BHP Economic Contribution Report 2024.
           
                        21.   Net Promoter Scores (NPS) show respective feedback from our customers and suppliers, and measure the willingness of our
                              customers/suppliers to recommend BHP to others. NPS is used as a proxy for gauging overall satisfaction.
           
                        22.   This milestone was achieved by developing a Group-level framework for nature-positive plans to achieve the 2030 Healthy
                              environment goal (BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap).
           
                        23.   Refer to OFR 6.10 for more information regarding the BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap.


           6.6 People
           Our more than 90,000 employees and contractors around the world are the foundation of our business. We aim to attract and retain the best people and
           our distinctive way of working through the BHP Operating System (BOS) seeks to empower our people to bring the best of themselves to improve their
           work every day.

           Our Values set the tone for our culture and are a unique part of our competitive advantage. Our Values are a declaration of what we stand for and are
           designed to guide our behaviour and decision-making, as we work together in the pursuit of delivering on our purpose. In today’s dynamic, uncertain
           world, anchoring our decision- making to a clear set of values remains as important as ever. In FY2024, we engaged with employees, partners and other
           stakeholders as we sought to redefine Our Values in a way that builds upon our rich history, while also reflecting BHP today. Our refreshed Values were
           launched in May 2024. They are simple and designed to enable our people to be ready to move quickly and deliberately to create and act on
           opportunities and navigate challenges as they arise. Our refreshed Values are:


           Do what’s right
           A sustainable future starts with safety and integrity, building trust with those around us.




For personal use only
           Seek better ways
           Listening to learn and inspiring challenge is how we drive progress.


           Make a difference
           The accountability to act, create value and have impact is on each of us, every day.


           Developing our capabilities and an enabled culture
           We invest in the development of our people to build capability and drive stronger performance.

           In support of work to deliver the capabilities for today and tomorrow, BHP’s FutureFit Academy (located in Western Australia and Queensland) provides
           a pathway for new employees, some of whom have never worked in our industry before, to join Minerals Australia through an accredited maintenance
           and production traineeship or a trade apprenticeship. Once trained and qualified, employees move to one of our Australian assets. The strong partnership
           between vocational educational institutions and our FutureFit Academy facilitates the provision of nationally accredited qualifications and is a unique
           attraction and retention lever for BHP.

           The FutureFit Academy is designed as an inclusive learning environment, welcoming employees who are new to the industry and providing permanent
           employment from day one. As at the end of FY2024, our student cohort included 80 per cent female participation and was made up of over 20 per cent
           Indigenous intake.

           The FutureFit Academy expanded in FY2024 to provide a larger footprint in Perth, Western Australia, moving to a purpose-built learning centre that
           includes fabrication and auto electrical trades in addition to the core mechanical fitting and heavy diesel programs. A satellite FutureFit Academy was
           also established in Newman, Western Australia, providing a belt splicing program for experienced students.

           Our intern and graduate programs also serve to attract and develop emerging talent for critical skills we need for the future. In FY2024, we had 60 first-
           year university students participate as part of our First-Year Internship Program across Australia. The program aims to boost enrolments in Australian
           resource-related tertiary degrees by exposing science and engineering students to mining careers. In FY2024, an additional 147 university students
           joined the BHP Internship Program for five to 24 weeks to gain experience in their chosen field of study through on-the-job learning, working on mine
           sites alongside technical professionals. Our selected interns have early access to apply for our annual graduate program intakes. In FY2024, we
           onboarded 177 employees into our graduate program across Australia, Chile, Canada, Singapore and the United States, to meet the needs for future skills
           across our operations and functions in those regions.
           
                                                                                         43
           To support our focus to build leader capability and drive stronger performance, we conduct multi-level leadership development programs. The Senior
           Leadership Forum is intended to develop senior leaders through shared goals and context. In FY2024, this forum was delivered quarterly with a summit
           held in late FY2024 to further engage our senior leaders in relation to our purpose, strategy and operating system, and to launch the refreshed Our
           Values. Additionally, we also continue to facilitate an Integrated Leadership Forum for general managers on a quarterly basis to align this next critical
           cohort of leaders. Further, around 2,000 leaders including supervisors, superintendents and managers attended BHP Distinctive Leaders programs in
           FY2024, focused on developing their ability to lead inclusively, ethically and through complexity.

           We ask our employees and contractors about their experiences working with BHP via an Engagement and Perception Survey twice a year. After each
           survey, our team leaders assess what is working well and what they can learn from others before taking action to address improvement areas.
           Additionally, this survey is used to measure progress against a wellbeing metric within the Safe, inclusive and future-ready workforce pillar in our social
           value scorecard. In March 2024, we had a response rate of 82 per cent of employees, with 24,000 contractors also providing feedback. We achieved a
           strong result, with 80 per cent of participants responding favourably to questions related to their engagement and connection to BHP and 87 per cent to
           questions related to their wellbeing.


           Inclusion and diversity
           We believe an inclusive and diverse workforce promotes engagement, safety and productivity, and is valued by prospective employees as well as our
           current workforce.

           Our Inclusion and Diversity Position Statement confirms our vision, commitment and contributions to inclusion, equity and diversity. Since 2016, we
           have been embedding flexible working, ensuring our facilities and equipment are purpose-fit by partnering with our supply chain partners, and
           undertaking work to mitigate bias in our systems with the aim of creating workplaces that are safe and inclusive for a diverse range of people.

           Our goal is to attract and retain a workforce that is representative of society. We do this by implementing measures designed to address the barriers and
           impacts of bias and discrimination experienced by people within underrepresented groups, through listening to their experience and gaining insights
           from our engagement surveys and our voluntary self-identification survey, ‘Tell Us About You’. As of February 2024, over 11,000 of our employees had
           completed the survey.




For personal use only
           We also recognise pay is a critical mechanism for creating gender equality. To help mitigate gender pay disparities and prevent the creation of pay gaps,
           we continue to drive improvements in our systems and processes to remove systemic bias. As an example, our recruitment processes include a ‘blind
           reward’ process, which is designed to reduce potential bias in remuneration offers at the time of hire. We use global best practice methodologies to
           calculate the pay gap between men and women in like-for-like or comparable roles. We analyse our pay data and conduct gender pay equity reviews at
           least annually. The results of the pay equity reviews are reported to the BHP People and Remuneration Committee. Our FY2024 employee remuneration
           data, including a breakdown by gender, is available in the ESG Standards and Databook 2024.


           Gender balance1
           In CY2016, we announced our aspiration to achieve gender balance within our employee workforce globally by the end of CY2025, which we define as
           a minimum 40 per cent women and 40 per cent men. This has also been included as one of the key metrics we measure progress against our Safe,
           inclusive and future-ready workforce pillar in our social value scorecard.

           We increased the participation of women working at BHP in FY2024 by 1.9 percentage points compared to FY2023, with around 10,500 more female
           employees at the end of FY2024 than FY2016. As at 30 June 2024, women represented 37.1 per cent of our employee workforce. Since we first set our
           gender balance aspiration in 2016, BHP has more than doubled the participation of women (from 17.6 per cent to 37.1 per cent). We also reached a
           significant milestone during FY2024 achieving over 40 per cent participation of women in our employee workforce across the Minerals Americas
           operations in Chile, and as at 30 June 2024 this was 40.9 per cent.

           The gender breakdown of new hires in FY2024 was 48.1 per cent men and 51.9 per cent women. We improved our participation of women in leadership
           in FY2024 by 2.0 per cent compared to FY2023. As at 30 June 2024, 31.7 per cent of people leaders were women and of our senior executives 40.9 per
           cent were women and 59.1 per cent were men.

           For operational teams, a focus on roster and job redesign is designed to support greater female participation. Our Bamboo flexible work program is an
           example of this.


           Footnotes
           
                        1.   Based on a ‘point in time’ snapshot of employees as at 30 June 2024, including employees on extended absence, as used in internal
                             management reporting for the purposes of monitoring progress against our goals. New hires is based on a 12-month period from 1 July
                             2023 to 30 June 2024. ‘People leaders’ are defined as employees with one or more direct reports. ‘Senior executives’ are defined as
                             employees in the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and direct reports to the ELT in grade 15 and above roles. Figures reported do not
                             include employees of BHP Mitsubishi Alliance’s Blackwater and Daunia operations, sold to Whitehaven Coal during FY2024.


           Case study – Bamboo flexible work program
           In FY2024, our Bamboo flexible work program was a finalist in the Chamber of Minerals and Energy of Western Australia Women in Resources
           Awards. Founded in 2019 at Newman Operations, the Bamboo program is a residential gender diversity initiative that supports the attraction and
           retention of women in historically male-dominated roles. The Bamboo program is targeting an 80 per cent female intake from the Newman
           township, creating an opportunity for new-to-industry and existing workers to have flexible work options with reduced shift hours, enabling them to
           actively maintain a career in mining production, specifically haul truck operations.
           
                                                                                       44
           >For more information on the Bamboo flexible work program refer to bhp.com/people

           




For personal use only
           Indigenous employment
           Indigenous peoples are critical partners of BHP across our operations. We recognise, as part of our global Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement, we can
           contribute to the economic empowerment of Indigenous peoples by providing opportunities for employment, training and procurement and by
           supporting Indigenous enterprises.

           We have set targets to increase Indigenous employment in our Minerals Australia operations, Minerals Americas operations in Chile and our Jansen
           potash project in Canada.
           
                                                                                     45
           Indigenous employee participation1
           




           >For more information on our 2030 goals related to Indigenous partnerships refer to 6.12
           Racial equity program




For personal use only
           There is no place for racism at BHP or anywhere in the community. We recognise and acknowledge racism impacts our people’s sense of identity, value,
           feelings of respect and psychological safety. We are taking action to better understand the prevalence of racism at BHP to promote racial awareness and
           equity in our workplace, and we recognise there is more still to do.

           We continue to take action to increase awareness of and promote reporting, response and investigations in relation to racial harassment matters. In
           FY2024, across our global operations and offices:
           
           •            109 reports of racial harassment were received into BHP’s reporting channels for raising misconduct concerns.
           
           •            42 per cent of the reports received were logged by leaders, on behalf of others.
           
           •            23 investigated cases of racial harassment conduct were established as having occurred.
           
           •            Of the 23 established cases, 21 individuals responsible had their employment terminated (or were removed from site if a contractor) or resigned.
           
           •            19 reports of racial harassment were dealt with by a non-investigative resolution pathway at the impacted person’s request.

           Our racial equity working group is led by Chief Financial Officer Vandita Pant as the executive sponsor and oversees work with a focus on eliminating
           racism and striving to create an environment free from racial discrimination. As part of its work, this group works alongside our Indigenous engagement
           teams in Australia, Chile, Canada and the United States.

           Throughout FY2024, we continued to progress our work in identifying and addressing structural barriers to equity, and in building awareness and
           capability in our leaders. We also continued to improve our grievance processes to better support people who tell us when they have experienced racism.
           Our work in FY2024 included:
           
           •            commencing the refresh of a central online platform called RespectHub, including the development of a new virtual assistant RespectChat, aimed
                        at providing information and tools to our workforce to prevent and respond to racism, including support options, response pathways and reporting
           
                                                                                              46
           •            launching new chapters of EmBRace (Employees Beyond Race), our employee resource group focused on discussions around race and racial
                        diversity. Local chapters have now been set up in Canada and South Australia, in addition to existing chapters in Western Australia, Queensland,
                        Singapore and Manila
           
           •            continuing our internal and external global awareness and communication campaign, the ‘people of BHP’ series, which aims to celebrate our
                        diversity
           
           •            recording and launching a four-part podcast series on racial awareness, with a series of BHP leaders in conversation with external subject matter
                        experts, to continue to support our people to develop a racially aware mindset
           
           •            signing up to the RISE Project run by Diversity Council Australia, to commence work in FY2025 to implement organisational change
                        interventions that will help address systemic and organisational barriers for women from culturally and racially marginalised (CARM)
                        backgrounds


           LGBT+ inclusion
           Our LGBT+ ally employee inclusion group, Jasper, established in 2017, is a natural extension of our inclusion and diversity aspirations. Its membership
           base grew to around 2,900 at the end of FY2024, with 16 chapters globally.

           In FY2024, we continued to advocate for LGBT+ inclusion and partner with charities throughout the communities where we operate, to help our
           LGBT+ employees develop a strong sense of belonging inside and outside of our offices and our mine sites.

           In FY2024, BHP in Chile was recognised by the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) with certification under the HRC Equidad CL program as one of the
           ‘Best Places to Work LGBTI+ 2024’. The certification in Chile is delivered by HRC, Pride Connection and Iguales Foundation and is awarded based on
           a benchmark assessment of a company’s measurable workplace equality and inclusion efforts for the LGBTI+ community.


           Disability
           To foster a workplace where people with a disability can fully participate and thrive, during FY2024 we progressed the development of our first global




For personal use only
           Disability Action Plan, which is expected to be launched during the first half of FY2025. The plan seeks to address three strategic pillars – people,
           culture, systems – to encourage, recognise and promote an active commitment to improving accessibility and disability inclusion.

           Though we are early in this journey, recognising that everyone has unique needs and strengths, our ambition is to address and remove barriers so that
           people with a disability can equitably participate in our workforce.


           Employee relations
           In Australia, the Federal Government has introduced several tranches of significant industrial relations legislative reforms. In June 2023, this included
           the introduction of changes to the enterprise bargaining framework with multi-enterprise bargaining. During FY2024, the Federal Government enacted
           the ‘same job same pay’ policy, enhanced workplace delegates’ rights and empowered the Fair Work Commission to make workplace determinations in
           the case of intractable bargaining. Not all the legislative reforms have fully commenced operation and we will continue to monitor how they are applied
           to further our assessment of impacts on BHP and our contracting partners, including the potential to increase labour costs.

           In Chile, the 40-hour week regulation was enacted in April 2023 and requires a gradual implementation over the next five-year period to move from 45
           to 40 working hours per week. During FY2024, implementation commenced for the collective agreements that were completed, which now include
           mandatory shift reductions to 42-hour weeks in April 2026 and 40-hour weeks by April 2028. We continue navigating and monitoring progress on a
           number of legal developments that may have implications for employee relations in Chile, for example, pension reform and branch negotiation
           regulation.

           During FY2024, Minerals Australia participated in 11 collective bargaining processes, with seven enterprise agreements completed (with 23 presently in
           operation) and four subject to ongoing negotiations as at 30 June 2024. In Minerals Australia, there was one round of collective bargaining where
           protected industrial action occurred during FY2024 (BMACo OCO Enterprise).

           Minerals Americas participated in four collective bargaining processes during FY2024, with three completed prior to 30 June 2024 and one concluded
           subsequent to 30 June 2024. No protected industrial action occurred during FY2024 at our Minerals Americas operations in Chile.


           Payroll review
           Review of employee allowances and entitlements
           In FY2023, we identified and disclosed two issues with certain allowances and entitlements affecting some current and former employees in Australia.
           We self-reported these issues to Australia’s Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) and engaged Protiviti, a global assurance firm, to undertake a review of our
           payroll systems. We are sorry that this has happened and we are working to make this right.
           
                                                                                             47
           We continue to progress historical remediation of both issues. We have a dedicated hotline and secure online portal in place to support impacted current
           and former employees and facilitate remediation payments. We encourage any former employees who think they may be impacted by these issues to
           contact us via the hotline or portal.

           > Refer to our website bhp.com/payroll-review

           The first issue involves certain rostered employees having leave incorrectly deducted on public holidays. OZ Minerals was affected by a similar issue
           before being acquired by BHP in May 2023. At the end of July 2024, we had identified approximately 35,500 current and former employees who are
           affected by this issue, dating back to 2010. Progress on remediation includes:
           
           •            recrediting leave hours to approximately 19,000 current employees, including employees who had been affected by a similar leave deduction issue
                        at OZ Minerals, before it was acquired by BHP in May 2023
           
           •            payments made to approximately 7,500 former employees impacted by this issue, including those who had been affected during a prior period of
                        employment at OZ Minerals
           
           •            ongoing endeavours to connect with approximately 9,000 former employees who we have identified as eligible for a payment but have not yet
                        been able to locate with the contact information we have

           We aim to complete the majority of public holiday leave deduction payments by the end of FY2025.

           The second issue involves current and former employees at Port Hedland in Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) who are entitled to additional
           allowances due to an error with their employing entity in their employment documentation. Following detailed analysis, we have identified
           approximately 230 current and former employees affected by this issue, dating back to 2013. We are continuing to pay additional allowances to affected
           current employees. We are also progressing payments to affected current and former employees for historical impacts.

           Based on the currently available information, the cost of remediating the leave issue and the employing entity issue, incorporating on-costs, including
           associated superannuation and interest payments (BHP share), remains in line with the previously recognised US$280 million pre-tax, as reflected in the
           Group’s FY2023 financial results.




For personal use only
           Improving our payroll systems and processes
           In FY2023 we engaged Protiviti to conduct a review of BHP’s payroll systems and framework, including governance, processes, controls and systems.
           Protiviti’s review is ongoing. We are progressing a range of work to improve our global payroll systems and processes, including embedding stronger
           governance, controls and processes and continuing to invest in the right capabilities to meet the needs of our broad operations and workforce into the
           future. We expect this work to continue over the next few years.

           We will continue to engage with the FWO and other relevant government agencies as we progress this work.

           The Board and CEO have taken these issues seriously and a range of consequences have been implemented for employees in connection with these
           issues. Specifically, the Board has determined that the CEO’s FY2024 CDP outcome will include a 4.3 percentage point reduction to reflect his ultimate
           accountability for BHP’s payroll systems. This CDP reduction for the CEO in FY2024 is US$185,000 and is equivalent to 25 per cent of the CEO’s
           target annual short term incentive pro-rated for the portion of the relevant period that he was CEO. For others with accountability for BHP’s payroll
           issues (including current and prior ELT members) there have been reductions determined in the variable remuneration outcomes ranging between 25 per
           cent to 100 per cent of relevant annual target variable pay.

           Other consequences have ranged from letters of warning, remuneration consequences and termination of employment.

           Further detail is provided in the Remuneration Report.
           
                                                                                           48
           Sexual harassment
           The safety of our employees and contractors is paramount. Our priority is to ensure our workplaces are safe and inclusive for all and to enact our culture
           of care. This includes the elimination of sexual harassment, which we recognise is unequivocally unacceptable. We encourage our people to be active
           bystanders through education and leadership role modelling and to report incidents so we can provide appropriate support and more effectively address
           and eliminate sexual harassment at BHP.

           In FY2024, BHP’s strategy to eliminate sexual harassment was underpinned by the Australian Human Rights Commission Guidelines for Complying
           with the Positive Duty under the Sex Discrimination Act 1984 (Cth). Our strategy was also informed by external experts, such as Kristin Hilton, Kate
           Jenkins AO along with Queensland University of Technology. The strategy seeks to prevent sexual harassment by addressing the drivers and risk factors
           and enhancing our response to incidents, early intervention and taking a person-centred response by increasing support and agency for impacted persons.
           We acknowledge how sexual harassment interacts or combines with other psychosocial hazards and we have sought to address this in the way we
           approach prevention through holistic risk management.


           Risk management
           Sexual harassment has been defined as a material health and safety risk at BHP since CY2018. Our risk management approach includes conducting risk
           assessments to identify scenarios in which sexual or gendered harassment may arise, their potential causes and the controls we can implement to prevent
           and reduce harm. This recognises the high intersectionality with other psychosocial risks, which can increase the likelihood of sexual harassment
           occurring and the severity of harm it can cause. We acknowledge there are factors that contribute to the likelihood of workplace sexual harassment that
           are more pronounced in the mining industry. This includes isolated or remote working locations, a historically male-dominated workforce and
           accommodation villages, roles and equipment design as well as factors that are common across all industries and workplaces.

           Our FY2024 focus was on implementing additional prevention controls informed by our data and organisational learnings across all assets and offices,
           including review and recommendations from third-party experts. Our sexual harassment prevention controls are associated with further education and
           maintaining respectful behaviours; leadership and culture; recruitment processes; security measures at accommodation villages; contractor and third-
           party engagement; data transparency and action; person-centred care for impacted persons; accessible confidential reporting; trauma-informed response
           and investigations, including multiple resolution options and pathways; and appropriate and proportionate disciplinary action.




For personal use only
           Culture, knowledge and leadership
           We are committed to fostering a positive culture that is safe, respectful and inclusive for all workers (employees and contractors) and supports gender
           equality and diversity at all levels and across all areas. Gender balance is a key protective factor for sexual harassment prevention and BHP aspires to
           have a gender-balanced employee workforce by end of CY2025.

           In FY2024, we continued to engage and empower our entire workforce to take action as active bystanders by enhancing their capabilities to identify and
           call out disrespectful behaviour through scenario-based learning. BHP strives to ensure leaders understand their obligations to prevent sexual harassment
           and are visibly committed to safe, respectful and inclusive workplaces through setting clear expectations and role modelling respectful behaviours.


           Support and reporting
           We encourage our workforce to report any concerns relating to potential sexual harassment, including by providing centralised and confidential
           reporting tools and mandatory reporting requirements for line leaders. Impacted persons are offered a range of support options throughout and beyond
           the process to resolution.

           Investigations of reports of sexual harassment are conducted by our specialised Response and Investigations team, which is independent from our other
           business units. This team includes experts trained in a person-centred, trauma-informed approach to help place the impacted person at the centre of
           decisions made during the investigation process and to minimise the risk of further harm to that individual.

           Alternatively, resolution pathways can be used in certain cases. This process only occurs where the resolution pathway is proportionate to the nature of
           the conduct and with the agreement of the impacted person. The resolution pathways include supported conversations with respondents, additional
           training, monitoring or awareness raising on BHP’s expectations of respectful behaviours in the workplace. We continue to monitor and review the use
           of our resolution pathways to assess whether they are meeting the needs of impacted people and to improve reporting to support organisational lessons
           learned.


           Measuring
           We measure our progress against our initiatives and key metrics for sexual harassment prevention and response, such as training completion, risk
           management, control implementation and effectiveness, engagement results and misconduct reporting data, and are committed to continually improving
           our approach. De-identified information and trend analysis data on the number of complaints, nature of complaints, resolution pathways, outcomes and
           timelines are provided to senior leadership and the Board to raise awareness and support continuous improvement of how we prevent and mitigate the
           impacts of sexual harassment at BHP.

           >For more information on how we are improving our approach to the prevention of and response to sexual harassment refer to
           bhp.com/sustainability/safety-health/sexual-harassment
           
                                                                                       49
           Reports of sexual harassment
           There were 417 reports of sexual harassment in FY2024. These behaviours are unacceptable and we are working to eliminate them at BHP by increasing
           awareness and promoting reporting, response and investigations in relation to these matters. Since October 2020, BHP managers and leaders have been
           required to enter any misconduct concerns raised directly with them into BHP’s misconduct reporting channels1 (with the impacted person remaining
           anonymous if requested). In FY2024, 42 per cent of sexual harassment reports received into BHP’s misconduct reporting channels were logged by
           managers or leaders on behalf of their direct reports.

           During FY2024, across BHP’s global operations (including off site) and offices, 100 investigated cases of sexual harassment 2 conduct were established
           as having occurred through an investigation.3

           Of the 100 established cases:
           
           •            1 involved a sexual assault
           
           •            22 involved sexualised and indecent touching
           
           •            32 involved sexually aggressive comments, stalking, grooming or image-based harassment
           
           •            45 involved other forms of sexual harassment, including sexualised conversations or jokes
           
           •            103 individuals responsible had their employment terminated (or were removed from site if a contractor) or resigned

           In addition to the matters listed above, in FY2024 60 reports of sexual harassment were dealt with by way of non-investigative resolution pathways,
           instead of an investigation being conducted. In addition to non-investigative resolution pathways, there are cases of sexual harassment that cannot be
           investigated due to insufficient information or the wishes of the impacted person. Examples include anonymous reports and non-participation of the
           impacted person. However, all cases are assessed for safety and impacts as part of preliminary investigative actions and all participants (if identified) are
           offered support irrespective of whether the matter can be formally investigated.

           >For more information on how we are improving our approach to the prevention, response, support and measuring of sexual harassment refer




For personal use only
           to bhp.com/sustainability/safety-health/sexual-harassment

           Footnotes
           
           1.           BHP’s channels to raise misconduct concerns comprise an online portal and 24-hour multilingual call service. Reporting channels are confidential
                        and accessible to all, including external partners and stakeholders and the public, to report conduct that may be unethical, illegal or inconsistent
                        with Our Code of Conduct.
           
           2.           Sexual harassment is, as defined in the Sex Discrimination Act 1984 (Cth), an unwelcome sexual advance, unwelcome request for sexual favours
                        or other unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature, in circumstances where a reasonable person would have anticipated the possibility that the person
                        harassed would be offended, humiliated and/or intimidated. Sexual harassment encompasses a range of conduct, including displaying sexually
                        graphic images, sexually suggestive comments, suggestive or inappropriate looks, gestures or staring, non-consensual touching or acts of a sexual
                        nature and sexual assault. We note the definition of sexual harassment may vary in different jurisdictions.
           
           3.           The calculation is based on reports closed in FY2024, containing one or more established allegations. Not all reports resulted in a finding. This
                        can occur if there is insufficient information, the respondent is not able to be identified or was previously terminated, or the impacted person did
                        not wish to proceed. This figure includes cases opened in FY2024 and prior to FY2024 that were closed during the reporting period. When
                        referring to cases closed during FY2024 this excludes cases that were still open at the end of the reporting period.


           6.7 Health
           We set mandatory minimum standards to identify, assess and manage health risks and their potential impacts, and monitor the health of our employees
           and contractors.


           Occupational exposures
           BHP follows the hierarchy of controls to reduce occupational exposures to as low as reasonably practicable. Our mandatory minimum performance
           requirements for risk management and our Risk Framework support the identification and management of occupational exposures. Where there is a
           potential for our employees and contractors to be exposed to chemical and physical hazards in workplace atmospheres, we implement controls intended
           to prevent, minimise, and/or mitigate the likelihood and severity of potential associated health impacts. These actions may include the use of respiratory
           protective equipment until appropriate, higher-order controls have been identified, implemented and verified to consistently reduce exposure below
           occupational exposure limits. Occupational exposure limits indicate the level of permissible exposure for a length of time (usually eight hours) to a
           chemical or physical hazard that is not likely to affect the health of a worker. Occupational exposure limits for our most material exposures are set
           according to the latest scientific evidence.

           Exposure data in this Report in all cases is presented without considering protection from the use of personal protective equipment where required, as
           outlined in our Health Global Standard.

           In FY2024, for our most material exposures of diesel particulate matter (DPM) and respirable silica, we had a 46 per cent reduction in the number of
           employees and contractors potentially exposed compared to our FY2023 exposure profile. More specifically, we have recorded a 23 per cent reduction
           in the number of employees and contractors with potential exposure to DPM and 54 per cent reduction in the number of employees and contractors
           potentially exposed to respirable crystalline silica. When exposure reduction is considered over the last six years, we have achieved a 78 per cent
           reduction to our most material exposures. We continue to have zero employees and contractors routinely exposed to coal mine dust above the
           occupational exposure limit. We are currently undertaking a baseline exposure monitoring program at the former OZ Minerals Australian assets and will
           provide a comparable exposure profile in FY2025.
           
                                                                                              50
           Footnotes
           
           1.           Data excludes Discontinued operations as follows: BHP Mitsui Coal (sale completed on 3 May 2022) and BHP’s oil and gas portfolio (merger
                        with Woodside completed on 1 June 2022). Prior years’ data (FY2020 to FY2022) has been re-stated to exclude these operations. Divested DMA
                        assets, Daunia and Bllackwater (divested on 2 April 2024) are included in FY2024 data up until the date of divestment.
           2.           Occupational exposures data excludos Projects.
           3.           Occupational exposure data excludes assets acquired as part of the OZ Minerals acquisition. We are currently undertaking baselining of exposure
                        data to provide comparable exposure profile in FY2025.
           4            As of FY2021, the occupational exposure limit for Coal was reduced to 1.5 mg/m² compared to 2.0mg/m³ in previous years.




For personal use only
           We are committed to having no AL4 (fatalities and life-threatening illnesses) events and a reduction in life-altering injuries and illnesses. Due to the
           latency between initial exposure and diagnosis of disease for our most material airborne contaminant exposures, we must demonstrate ongoing exposure
           reduction and effectiveness of controls, where exposures may remain elevated. In FY2023, reduction plans were developed at the asset level across
           operations for implementation with priority afforded to the asset’s most material exposures. The implementation of these exposure reduction plans
           commenced in FY2024 and will continue to be a focus in FY2025.

           Welding fume exposure control has been a particular focus for several assets across BHP throughout FY2024. Additional controls, including on-torch
           extraction systems and portable local exhaust ventilation systems have been implemented at Olympic Dam. Control effectiveness testing has been
           carried out by the local Occupational Hygiene team, indicating a 50 per cent reduction in welding fume exposure since September 2022. Due to the
           success of this project, additional similar controls are now being trialled in some of our other operations, including WAIO, at Mining Area C, Jimblebar
           and Mt Whaleback.

           Occupational exposure hazard awareness and training is provided at induction and periodically, including during fit testing for hearing protection and
           respiratory protective devices. Wherever workers take part in occupational exposure assessment programs, they receive written feedback on their results
           and anonymised data is provided to line management.

           We have implemented real-time monitoring at several of our Minerals Australia and Minerals Americas operated assets to support further exposure
           reduction of silica and DPM. Fixed-position monitors identify dusty conditions in real time enabling immediate controls, such as increased ventilation or
           water sprays, to be deployed. Data from portable monitors is made available at the end of shifts, rather than when results of samples sent to the
           laboratory for analysis become available. This enables prompt action to be taken if real-time monitoring demonstrates an increasing trend in potential
           exposure.


           Occupational illness
           The reported occurrence of occupational illness for employees in FY2024 was 270, which was 3.77 per million hours worked. This represented a 13 per
           cent decrease in incidence compared with FY2023, which was 4.35 per million hours worked. For our contractor workforce, the reported occupational
           illness in FY2024 was 216, which was 1.79 per million hours worked, representing a 10 per cent decrease in incidence compared with FY2023, which
           was 1.99 per million hours worked.

           As noted in our FY2024 performance against our social value scorecard provided in OFR 6.5, BHP is committed to reducing life-altering injury or
           illness and we continue to track the number of life-altering injuries and illnesses internally. Since we commenced measuring our life-altering injury and
           illness metric, we have learned that a longer measurement period is required for analysis to allow for the classification of more chronic conditions.
           Therefore, it will not be reported on in this Report or included as a key metric in the social value scorecard in FY2025. The two main illness types that
           influence the number of life-altering illnesses are musculoskeletal cases and noise-induced hearing loss cases, both of which we continue to report on
           annually. Information relating to injuries can be found in section 6.1.
           
                                                                                            51
           Musculoskeletal illness is the predominant occupational illness category for BHP employees and contractors, representing 68 per cent of our workforce
           illnesses in FY2024. These conditions include damage to bones, joints, ligaments, tendons and soft tissues, caused by repetitive heavy work, muscular
           strain, or maintaining poor postures for extended periods of time.

           Noise-induced hearing loss represents 8 per cent of occupational illnesses in FY2024. Employees and contractors exposed to noise levels above the
           defined workplace exposure limits in our Health Global Standard participate in hearing conservation programs, which include a periodic hearing test
           and hearing protection fit testing. We have established design recommendations that seek to eliminate or reduce high or prolonged noise exposures by
           focusing on noise source.

           Heat stress contributed to 4 per cent of our reported occupational illnesses in FY2024. Elevated temperatures and strenuous activity place some of our
           workforce at an increased risk of heat illness. High-risk work groups are identified, and a range of controls are in place to manage heat stress. In
           FY2024, a new heat awareness online learning module was released for workers across Minerals Australia to provide workers with the knowledge to
           identify signs of heat illness and how to manage the risks associated with working in the heat. Hydration testing has also been made available at several
           operations with high heat risk.

           Recognising climate change may exacerbate existing temperature related risks, in FY2024 we piloted an approach at Olympic Dam to better understand
           and quantify the potential impact of heat stress on our workforce under different future climate scenarios. Modelling was based on climate data and
           temperatures within the underground mine to determine potential productivity and health impacts caused by heat stress under different scenarios. The
           findings of this assessment will assist in the identification of additional controls that may be required to ensure our workforce can perform their roles
           safely under changing climatic conditions.


           Coal mine dust lung disease
           In FY2024, 21 cases of coal mine dust lung disease (CMDLD)1 were reported to the Workers’ Compensation Regulatory Services.2 Of the 13 accepted
           claims in FY2024, two were current BHP employees, while the remaining 11 were former employees. For cases involving current employees, we offer
           counselling, medical support, and redeployment options where relevant. Former employees are eligible for workers’ compensation insurance and
           associated care is managed externally to BHP.




For personal use only
           We have controls in place across all our relevant operated assets with the goal of ensuring none of our employees and contractors are exposed to
           respirable CMD above the occupational exposure limit (OEL). We continue to identify and progress projects, such as real-time dust monitoring, to
           facilitate our recognition and action when the working environment may present a health hazard and seek to implement high order controls, such as
           engineering controls to eliminate or reduce exposures rather than continued reliance on lower order controls, such as respiratory protection. We have
           observed consistent control of CMD exposures with no employees or contractors potentially exposed to CMD above the OEL since FY2021.


           Footnotes
           
           1.           CMDLD is the name given to the lung diseases related to exposure to coal mine dust and includes coal workers’ pneumoconiosis, silicosis, mixed
                        dust pneumoconiosis and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
           
           2.           Cases reported to Workers’ Compensation Regulatory Services are not an indication that the CMDLD was related to work. BHP evaluates each
                        case for work-relatedness and where identified, the case will be included in occupational illness reporting.


           Physical and mental health
           The physical and psychological health and wellbeing of our workforce is of paramount importance as we continue to work towards enhancing the
           inclusivity and future-readiness of our employees and contractors. In FY2024, we continued efforts to make meaningful and positive improvement to
           employee health and wellbeing by building stronger relationships via our active collaborations with industry partners. We engaged with initiatives such
           as the ‘Minding Mining Minds’ (MMM), which aims to develop tools and evidence-based models and share learnings across industry, the Building Safe
           and Respectful Workplaces (BSRW) which aims to help eliminate disrespectful behaviour in the resources industry including sexual harassment,
           bullying and racism and we have an active partnership with the Global Business Collaboration for better mental health.

           Our focus internally has been on embedding our learnings. In FY2024, we embedded the BSRW principles into our global onboarding. A Global
           Wellness Committee was also established, bringing together asset and corporate office Wellness Committees into a global forum to collaborate on
           initiatives, implement strategic improvements and share learnings. The Committee aims to build mental health literacy, increase awareness and benefit
           overall physical and mental wellbeing, and has maintained a strong ongoing participation in global health campaigns, such as BHP Mental Health
           Month, RUOK? day and Movember.

           In FY2024, the Group Health team introduced the Women Can initiative to promote women’s physical and mental health. The Women Can initiative ran
           during March, aiming to lift the profile and importance of women’s health and wellbeing. Through prestart education packs, personal shares and panel
           discussions held with senior female leaders, including our Chief People Officer, and Group HSS Officer, BHP provided education and an opportunity for
           safe and impactful conversations on the importance of self-care, health screening, menopause and providing a safe and inclusive workplace. During this
           campaign, BHP formed a formal partnership with Menopause Friendly Australia and is working towards achieving accreditation as a menopause
           friendly employer where we aim to raise awareness, educate staff and engage in training and policy and process change to address women’s health and
           menopause in the workplace.


           Psychosocial risk management
           We continue to integrate psychosocial hazard identification and management into the way we work. Our employees and contractors are encouraged to
           identify and call out disrespectful behaviours that may contribute to psychological harm, including bullying and sexual harassment, as well as other
           psychosocial hazards.

           Our Psychosocial Risk Assessment Program was established in FY2023 and initially focused on our operated assets. In FY2024, we completed
           psychosocial risk assessments across our global functions. From this work we have developed an organisation-wide psychosocial risk profile across five
           evidence-informed BHP-specific Psychosocial Hazard Domains – in interpersonal; traumatic; physical (distance and fatigue); organisational and
           job-inherent hazards. We will deploy these Hazard Domains to categorise and rank psychosocial hazards and identify controls for our most significant
           psychosocial hazards.

           In FY2024, we developed and commenced the introduction of the BHP Psychosocial Health Index, which we will complete in FY2025. This is an
           assessment tool and confidential platform for employees and contractors to provide feedback on how they experience the physical and psychological
           aspects of their work environments, the social aspects of their job and the design and management of work, together with an associated measure of
           physical and mental health that helps us determine where harm may be occurring.
           
                                                                                           52
                    As part of our Psychosocial Risk Assessment Program, we have also expanded our support options, including providing additional pathways for
                    employees and contractors to seek information and support on preventing and managing psychosocial hazards when they occur. We also expanded and
                    simplified our tools and guidelines in FY2024, centralising them in one easily accessible hub and enabled ‘in the moment’ interactive support via a new
                    digital tool.


                    Support for employees affected by family and domestic violence
                    BHP has a Family and Domestic Violence Assistance Program, which was updated in FY2024, that aims to provide employees with support for their
                    health, safety, wellbeing and independence if they are experiencing family and domestic violence.

                    As part of the program, employees can access up to 10 days’ additional paid leave if they are affected by family and domestic violence or supporting
                    someone who is.

                    Support also includes emergency accommodation, emergency financial help and access to safety and security plans. These supports consider safety
                    measures, such as transport to and from work, changing location of work, setting up new phone numbers, screening/blocking calls and emails, and
                    supporting access to legal advice.


                    6.8   Ethics and business conduct
                    Our conduct
                    Our Code of Conduct (Our Code) is designed to help us make the right decisions every day and deliver on our purpose to bring people and resources
                    together to build a better world. It applies to everyone who works for us, with us or on our behalf. To assist our employees and contractors understand
                    how Our Code applies, regular training is undertaken. Breaching Our Code can result in serious consequences and depending on the severity of the
                    breach this could include counselling, warnings and even termination of employment. We encourage people to speak up where a decision or action is not
                    in line with Our Code or Our Values.

                    BHP requires reports of business conduct concerns to be treated with appropriate confidentiality and has policies in place intended to prohibit any kind
                    of retaliation against people who make or may make a report, or who cooperate with an investigation. These may also include reports made to
                    regulators. We consider all forms of retaliation to be misconduct and grounds for disciplinary action, up to and including termination. We have a number
                    of key policy and process documents to support a safe to speak up culture, including our BHP Whistleblower Policy.




For personal use only
                    >Our Code is available in five languages and accessible at bhp.com/about/operating-ethically/our-code#/
                    
                    >Our BHP Whistleblower Policy sets out additional information, including protections available to persons who make eligible disclosures under
                    Australian law and accessible at bhp.com/-media/documents/ourapproach/operatingwithintegrity/taxandtransparency/240523_bhpwhistleblowerpolicy

                    Reports received are assessed by the Ethics and Investigations team to determine an appropriate response, which may include an investigation or other
                    resolution. In assessing the appropriate response, BHP applies a proportionate and person-centred approach to the report considering all participants.
                    People impacted by reports of sexual harassment and racism are offered specialised support by the Ethics Support Service, which enables people
                    impacted to have input into BHP’s response. The impacted person’s preferences as well as the type and severity of the alleged misconduct are
                    considered in determining the appropriate response, which may include an investigation, training, facilitated conversations and line leader intervention.
                    Quarterly reporting on the most serious reports is provided to senior leaders and the Risk and Audit Committee, which has representation of Board
                    members, and includes reported case metrics, outcomes and insights. The reporting supports leadership awareness and informs priorities for ongoing
                    improvement. Feedback is obtained regularly from stakeholders, including case participants, external experts and management, to continually improve
                    our response to reports.
                    
                                                                                                53
           In FY2024, 5,087 reports regarding business conduct were received directly into BHP’s channels to raise misconduct concerns.1 Out of the total
           misconduct reports, 25 per cent were raised by leaders on behalf of someone else. There continues to be a great focus on health and wellbeing in the
           workplace, and we have seen a 6 per cent decrease of bullying and harassment cases from 3,067 in FY2023 to 2,870 in FY2024.

           Of the business conduct reports received, 41 per cent were made anonymously.1 Of the total business conduct reports closed during FY2024, 41 per cent
           contained one or more established allegations.2,3
           




           Footnotes
           
           1.           This excludes reports not containing a business conduct concern and excludes reports logged by leaders on behalf of others.
           
           2.           The calculation is based on reports closed in FY2024, containing one or more established allegations. Not all reports resulted in a finding. This




For personal use only
                        can occur if there is insufficient information, the respondent is not able to be identified, was previously terminated, or the impacted person did not
                        wish to proceed. This figure includes cases opened in FY2024 and prior to FY2024 that were closed during the reporting period. When referring to
                        cases closed during FY2024, it excludes cases that were still open at the end of the reporting period.
           
           3.           As the established rate reflects the number of cases established out of all business conduct concerns closed during the reporting period, the
                        parameter has been updated to better reflect the cases that are considered business conduct concerns at closure (i.e. the investigation category).
                        Additionally, calculating the established rate based on investigation category provides a more stable measure since case attributes can vary whilst
                        the investigation is underway and unlikely to change once the investigation has concluded and case is closed.
           
           4.           FY2024 data includes all former OZ Minerals assets in Australia and Brazil.

           Employees and contractors can raise their concerns through a number of channels (including anonymously) or through leaders. Anyone, including
           external partners, stakeholders and the public, can lodge a concern in the form of a report, either online in our channels to raise misconduct concerns or
           via the 24-hour, multilingual call service.


           Anti-corruption
           We continue our commitment to contribute to the global fight against corruption in the resources industry. Our commitment to anti-corruption is
           embodied in Our Charter and Our Code.

           As part of this commitment, we prohibit authorising, offering, giving or promising anything of value directly or indirectly to anyone to influence them in
           their role, or to encourage them to perform their work disloyally or otherwise improperly. We also prohibit facilitation payments, which are payments to
           government officials for routine government actions. Our people must take care that third parties acting on our behalf do not violate anti-corruption
           laws. Disciplinary action, including dismissal or termination of contractual relationships, may follow from a breach of these requirements.

           To manage corruption risk, we work to achieve optimal resource allocation to areas of our business with the highest exposure to corruption risks. The
           identification, assessment and management of corruption risks associated with growth opportunities remains a significant area of focus for our
           Compliance function, via a sub-team dedicated to supporting functions that are responsible for initiating transactions and growth opportunities in
           countries with higher corruption risks.

           Activities that potentially involve higher exposure to corruption risk require review or approval by our Compliance function, as documented in our anti-
           corruption compliance framework. In FY2024, we continued conducting monitoring focused on verifying the operation of anti-corruption controls in
           relation to higher risk relationships and activities, including the provision of community donations and sponsorships, identification and management of
           corruption risks relating to government officials and community leaders in the context of local procurement, and sole source procurement decisions.

           We regularly review our anti-corruption framework for compliance with the requirements of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act,
           the Australian Criminal Code and the applicable laws and regulatory developments of all places where we do business. These laws are consistent with
           the standards of the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions.

           Our Compliance function is independent of our assets and regions and reports to the Chief Legal, Governance and External Affairs Officer. Our Chief
           Compliance Officer also reports quarterly to the Risk and Audit Committee on compliance issues and meets at least annually with the Risk and Audit
           Committee Chair.
           
                                                                                              54
           The Compliance function also participates in anti-corruption risk assessments in respect of our operated assets or functions, our interests in non-operated
           assets and new business opportunities that we consider are exposed to material anti-corruption risks. In FY2024, the function provided input into 27
           anti-corruption risk assessments.

           Building employee awareness remains critical to the effective management of corruption risk across BHP. Anti-corruption training is required to be
           provided to all employees and contractors as part of mandatory regular training on Our Code. Our Compliance function also regularly communicates
           and engages with identified higher-risk roles and provides additional risk-based anti-corruption training for employees, contractors and employees of
           some of our business partners and community partners. In FY2024, we revised our anti-corruption electronic learning module to incorporate new
           scenarios designed to reinforce understanding and support learning. The new e-learning module is expected to be made available in early FY2025.

           >For more information on ethics and business conduct refer to bhp.com/ethics


           Transparency and accountability
           We support initiatives by governments of the countries where we operate to publicly disclose the content of our licences or contracts for the
           development and production of minerals that form the basis of our payments to government, as outlined in the Extractive Industries Transparency
           Initiative (EITI) Standard.

           Other initiatives include our work with Transparency International chapters, representation on the Board of the EITI, financial support for and Steering
           Committee membership of the Bribery Prevention Network (in Australia) and funding of the BHP Foundation, including its Natural Resource
           Governance Global Program.

           We believe knowing who ultimately controls and benefits from a company helps to reduce risk and strengthen accountability. In FY2024, we continued
           our active and public support for ultimate beneficial ownership transparency. We maintained information on how we use beneficial ownership
           information as part of our anti-corruption due diligence on investments, partners, contractors and suppliers. We also continued to make clear via
           published statements, including in Our Code and web content, that we do not partner or contract with entities that are assessed as presenting a high
           corruption risk that decline to provide beneficial ownership information as part of our due diligence process. In parallel with these steps, we continued to
           publish our list of entities in which BHP Group Limited’s effective interest is 100 per cent and certain entities in which BHP Group Limited’s effective




For personal use only
           interest is less than 100 per cent, including all controlled subsidiaries operating in the mining sectors, all mining operations joint ventures generating
           material revenue for BHP (and available information in relation to the other legal owners in these joint ventures) and entities in which we hold a partial
           interest (with some exclusions – refer to bhp.com/sustainability/ethics-business-conduct).

           These efforts are complementary to the BHP Foundation’s partnership with EITI and Open Ownership to support governments to transform the
           availability and use of beneficial ownership data for effective governance in the extractive sector.


           6.9          Climate change
           We believe the warming of the climate is unequivocal, human influence is clear and physical climate-related impacts are unavoidable. We recognise the
           role we play in supporting the net zero transition the world must make.

           >For our full position on climate change refer to bhp.com/climate


           Climate-related governance
           Climate change and climate transition planning is a material governance and strategic issue for our Board and management. Additional details
           concerning our climate-related governance for FY2024 have been made in our Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP 2024).

           Our CTAP 2024 was approved by the Board, with its development and ongoing implementation governed by the Board and its Committees and
           management.

           >Our Board, Committees and management structure and roles as they apply to climate-related matters, the skills and experience of the Board
           and management and remuneration incentives for management are disclosed in Enabling delivery – Our governance on page 50 and Enabling
           delivery – Our management, remuneration and organisational capability on page 51 of our CTAP 2024 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024

           >For information on the role and composition of the Board and its Committees and each Committee’s key activities in FY2024, including in
           relation to climate-related matters, as well as the Board skills matrix, the process for Board evaluation and director training, induction and
           development, refer to our Corporate Governance Statement 3, 4 and 5 on pages 122-135, later in this Report


           Our disclosures and approach to reporting
           Climate Transition Action Plan
           In August 2024, we published our second Climate Transition Action Plan, which sets out our strategic approach and plans for achieving our operational
           and value chain greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions targets and goals, as well as our response to climate-related risks (threats and opportunities). This
           follows on from our first CTAP, which we published in CY2021.
           
                                                                                       55
           Our CTAP 2024 is primarily a forward-looking plan and set of actions, while this Report discloses in:
           
           •            This OFR 6.9: Progress in FY2024 against our climate change strategy, GHG emissions targets and goals, commitments and key metrics
           
           •            Governance: An overview of governance structures, activities and remuneration incentives, including those that relate to our climate change
                        strategy (additional detail concerning our governance around climate-related risks is set out in in our CTAP 2024)
           
           •            Financial Statements: Potential financial statement impacts, where material or relevant, of the assumptions, plans and actions of our climate
                        change strategy and the consideration of climate-related risks in the assessment of significant areas of judgement and estimation required for the
                        presentation of the financial statements

           >Our CTAP 2024 is available at bhp.com/CTAP2024

           Given the global nature of our business, customers and supply chain, the development of our CTAP 2024 considered the goals of the Paris Agreement
           and the commitments and policy settings of relevant key jurisdictions at this time. Our global headquarters are located in Australia, which has a Long-
           Term Emissions Reduction Plan and legislated national targets to reduce Australia’s net GHG emissions to 43 per cent below CY2005 levels by
           CY2030, and to achieve net zero GHG emissions by CY2050.

           We continue to monitor and take into consideration the evolving policy and regulatory landscape applicable to our operations as part of the periodic
           review by management and the Board of the appropriateness of and our progress towards our GHG emissions targets and goals.


           Navigating our disclosures
           
           
                                                                                                                Our response
                                                                                       This Report:                                               Climate
                                                                                      Operating and                        This Report:         Transition
                                                                                        Financial      This Report:          Financial          Action Plan
                              TCFD recommended disclosures                               Review        Governance           Statements             2024




For personal use only
           Governance: Disclose the organisation’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
           a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and
              opportunities                                                         Page 55         Pages 121 to 142    –                    Page 50
           b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-
              related risks and opportunities                                       –               Pages 135 to 142    –                    Page 51
           Strategy: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation’s businesses, strategy, and
              financial planning where such information is material.
           a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the              Pages 59 to 62                                           Pages 10 to 30
              organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long term     Pages 87 to 98  –                   Pages F-42 to F-46 Page 52
           b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on     Pages 55 to 69
              the organisation’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning       Pages 87 to 98  –                   Pages F-42 to F-46 Pages 10 to 54
           c) Describe the resilience of the organisation’s strategy, taking into                                                            Pages 31 to 38
              consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or                                                          Pages 42 to 45
              lower scenario                                                                                                                 Pages 61 and
                                                                                    Pages 60 to 62  –                   Pages F-42 to F-46 62
           Risk Management: Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
           a) Describe the organisation’s processes for identifying and assessing Pages 58 and 59
              climate-related risks                                                 Pages 85 to 87  –                   –                    Page 52
           b) Describe the organisation’s processes for managing climate-related Pages 59 to 62
              risks                                                                 Pages 85 to 87  –                   –                    Page 52
           c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing
              climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation’s overall
              risk management                                                       Pages 85 to 87  –                   –                    Page 52
           Metrics and Targets: Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such
              information is material.
           a) Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate-
              related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk
              management process                                                    –               Pages 148 to 162    –                    Page 51
           b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG
              emissions, and the related risks                                      –               –                   –                    Pages 10 to 30
           c) Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-                                                               Pages 10 to 30
              related risks and opportunities and performance against targets       –               –                   –                    Pages 57 to 60
           
                                                                                             56
                 Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions from
                 our operated assets)                                                           Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) – Overall
                 Medium-term target: Reduce operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and             Long-term net zero goal: We have a long-term goal of net zero Scope
                 2 emissions from our operated assets) by at least 30 per cent by FY2030        3 GHG emissions by CY2050. Achievement of this goal is uncertain,
                 from an FY2020 baseline.                                                       particularly given the challenges of a net zero pathway for our
                                                                                                customers in steelmaking, and we cannot ensure the outcome alone.
                 Long-term net zero goal: Achieve net zero operational GHG emissions
                 (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions from our operated assets) by CY2050.
                 >For more information on the essential definitions, assumptions, GHG emissions boundaries, measurement approach and adjustments for
                 this medium-term target and these long-term net zero goals, including the potential use of offsetting, refer to Climate-related metrics, targets
                 and goals on pages 52 to 59, in the BHP Annual Report 2024


           TCFD-consistent disclosures
           In accordance with the UK Listing Rules as set by the UK Financial Conduct Authority, we believe our disclosures are consistent with the four
           recommendations and 11 recommended disclosures of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

           The ‘Navigating our disclosures’ table on the previous page sets out the TCFD’s recommended disclosures, grouped under the four recommendations
           and where our aligned disclosures can be found within this Report and our CTAP 2024.

           Because our CTAP 2024 is our primary publication this year for disclosing significant detail on our climate change plan for the climate transition and
           our climate change strategy, we have included certain TCFD-recommended disclosures in our CTAP 2024 to enable them to be read in that broader
           context. We do not repeat them in this Report to avoid duplication. TCFD recommended disclosures for FY2024 that have been published in our CTAP
           2024 are:
           
           •            TCFD Strategy recommended disclosures (a) and (b): Our detailed strategy and areas of focus for reducing operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1
                        and 2 emissions from our operated assets), including our industry collaboration and our material sources of operational GHG emissions (i.e.
                        electricity, diesel and fugitive methane emissions).




For personal use only
                        >These disclosures have been published in Operational GHG emissions on pages 10 to 18 in our CTAP 2024 available at
                        bhp.com/CTAP2024
           
           •            TCFD Strategy recommended disclosures (a) and (b): Our detailed strategy for supporting the reduction of value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3
                        emissions).
                        >These disclosures have been published in Value chain GHG emissions on pages 19 to 30 in our CTAP 2024 available at
                        bhp.com/CTAP2024
           
           •            TCFD Strategy recommended disclosure (b) and (c): Detailed information on our strategy for our commodity and asset portfolio, as well as the
                        resilience of our strategy and portfolio in our 1.5°C scenario
                        >These disclosures have been published in Portfolio on pages 31 to 38, Additional information – Our 1.5°C scenario assumptions and the
                        signposts we monitor on page 61 and Additional information – Our 1.5°C scenario compared to benchmarks on page 62 in our CTAP
                        2024 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024
           
           •            TCFD Governance recommended disclosures (a) and (b): Detailed information on our Board, Committees and management structure and roles as
                        they apply to climate-related matters, the skills and experience of Board and management.
           
           •            TCFD Metrics and Targets recommended disclosure (a): The climate-related remuneration incentives for management, separate to the
                        Remuneration Report in this Report.
                        >These disclosures have been published in Enabling delivery – Our governance on page 50 and Enabling delivery – Our management,
                        remuneration and organisational capability on page 51 in our CTAP 2024 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024

                        >For more information on our alignment with other sustainability and ESG standards, including the Climate Action 100+ Net Zero
                        Company Benchmark and GHG Protocol series of standards, refer to our BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024 available at
                        bhp.com/climate


           Capital allocation
           Capital allocation towards operational GHG emissions reduction initiatives is considered as part of the maintenance capital category within our Capital
           Allocation Framework. For FY2024, our capital (incremental) and operating expenditure on initiatives associated with operational GHG emission
           reductions was US$61 million.

           >For more information on actual and planned expenditure to support operational GHG emission reductions refer to Financial Statements note
           16 ‘Climate change’ on pages F-42 to F-46 in this Report
           
                                                                                           57
                 Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) – Steelmaking                  Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) – Direct suppliers
                 Medium-term goal: Support industry to develop steel production               Long-term net zero target: Achieve net zero by CY2050 for the
                 technology capable of 30 per cent lower GHG emissions intensity relative     operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions) of our direct
                 to conventional blast furnace steelmaking, with widespread adoption          suppliers.
                 expected post-CY2030.
                 We have revised the language used in our medium-term goal for steelmaking to provide greater clarity and to reflect the range of steelmaking process
                 routes that now form part of our strategy. This is due to technology advances as well as the evolution of our strategy.
                 >For more information on how and why we revised the language used in our medium-term goal, refer to Value chain GHG emissions –
                 Steelmaking: Our Scope 3 emissions goal to support capability for GHG emissions intensity reduction on pages 24 and 25 of our CTAP 2024
                 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024
                 >For more information on the essential definitions, assumptions, GHG emissions boundaries, measurement approach and adjustments for
                 these medium-term goals, including the potential use of offsetting, refer to Climate-related metrics, targets and goals on pages 52 to 59, in the
                 BHP Annual Report 2024

           
                 Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) – Shipping                     Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) – Shipping
                 Medium-term goal: Support 40 per cent GHG emissions intensity            Long-term net zero target: Achieve net zero by CY2050 for the GHG
                 reduction of BHP-chartered shipping of BHP products by CY2030, from a emissions from all shipping of BHP products.
                 CY2008 baseline.
                 >For more information on the essential definitions, assumptions, GHG emissions boundaries, measurement approach and adjustments for
                 this medium-term goal and this long-term net zero target, including the potential use of offsetting, refer to Climate-related metrics, targets
                 and goals on pages 52 to 59, in the BHP Annual Report 2024


           Climate-related risk management




For personal use only
           How we identify and manage climate-related risk
           At BHP, we take an enterprise approach to risk management and operate under one Risk Framework for all risks, including climate-related risks (threats
           and opportunities). Our Risk Framework requires the identification and management of risks to be embedded in business activities and provides
           requirements and guidance on the tools and processes to manage current and emerging risks. Our mandatory minimum performance requirements for
           risk management and the Climate Change Global Standard set the minimum requirements to manage climate-related risks and apply across our operated
           assets and functions, and to decision-making processes for sales, marketing and procurement.

           To support the identification and management of climate-related risks at BHP, we monitor and interpret external signals, events and trends associated
           with transition risk and physical climate-related risk, which may include existing and emerging scientific, policy, legal and regulatory, reputational, and
           market developments.

           Risk owners of climate-related risks must assess physical and transition climate-related risks, considering potential impacts, including to safety,
           productivity and cost across operated assets, value chains, infrastructure and services, and host communities.

           The Climate Change Global Standard also sets mandatory minimum requirements for assessing physical climate-related risks (refer to Physical climate-
           related risks and adaptation in this OFR 6.9, for our progress to date), as well as for asset-level climate change plans and the value chain climate
           adaptation plan owned by our Commercial function. A number of these assessments and plans are still underway, and they are also regularly reviewed
           and revised to ensure continued relevance.

           When assessing the materiality of climate-related risks (as for all risks identified through our Risk Framework), we consider the likelihood (by reference
           to timeframes) and severity of potential impacts (including to health and safety, the environment, communities, human rights and social value) by
           estimating the maximum foreseeable loss (MFL) if that risk were to materialise. The MFL is the estimated impact to BHP in a worst-case scenario
           without regard to probability and assuming all controls are ineffective. This supports us to prioritise and understand the significance of climate-related
           risks in relation to other risks.

           >For more information on how we manage risk (including climate-related risk) and our risk factors refer to OFR 8 on pages 87 to 98 in this
           Report

           We recognise a changing climate can influence or exacerbate risks across our risk profile, including those associated with asset integrity, pricing of
           inputs, access to markets, changes to regulation and access to funding. Decisions on the prioritisation of actions to manage climate-related threats or
           pursue climate-related opportunities are made consistent with our standard risk management, planning and investment processes applicable to all risks
           identified under our Risk Framework. Using a consistent approach allows us to consider climate-related risks across our business to focus our actions on
           those that are material and integrate management of them into our core activities and business plans. We continue to embed climate-related risk across
           our risk profile and to improve the controls required to manage threats or enhance opportunities. We also continue to review our climate-related risk
           profile periodically, seeking to identify, assess and manage new or evolving climate-related risks.
           
                                                                                         58
           Climate-related risks
           In setting and monitoring the delivery of our strategy, we consider identified climate-related risks (threats and opportunities), both physical and
           transition (as applicable and to the extent their potential impacts are sufficiently understood) across the following time horizons:
           
           •            short-term (zero to two years), aligning with our two-year budget process
           
           •            medium-term (two to five years), defining supportive actions and initiatives that sit outside of our two-year budget process in order to support our
                        long-term strategy
           
           •            long-term (five to 30 years, or longer in certain cases), given our supply, demand and pricing forecasts and our scenarios for portfolio analysis
                        extend to CY2050 and in some cases beyond

           Climate-related risks are broadly categorised as:
           
           •            Transition risks, which arise from existing and emerging policy, regulatory, legal, technological, market and other societal responses to the
                        challenges posed by climate change and the transition to a net zero economy

           >For detailed disclosures on the management of transition risks refer to Transition to a net zero economy on page 60 in this OFR 6.9, and in
           Portfolio on pages 31 to 38 in our CTAP available at bhp.com/CTAP2024
           
           •            Physical risks, which refer to acute risks that are event-driven (including increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events) and chronic
                        risks resulting from longer-term changes in climate patterns

           >For detailed disclosures about the studies we are undertaking to assess our exposure to physical climate-related risks refer to Physical climate-
           related risks and adaptation on page 61 in this OFR 6.9
           
                                                                                                                     Potential influence of climate-related issues on
                                                                                                                           BHP Group risk factors over time1
                 Relevant BHP Group risk factors                                                                                                           Long-term




For personal use only
                 (refer to OFR 8 for more                                                                         Short-term        Medium-term          (5 to at least 30
                 information)                               Climate-related risk                                 (0 to 2 years)      (2 to 5 years)           years)
                 Transition risk
                 Operational events                         •    Technological solutions to reduce GHG
                                                                                                                      Low           Low to medium               High
                                                                 emissions
                 Significant social or environmental        •    Engaging in or association with activities
                 impacts                                         with actual or perceived adverse climate-
                                                                 related impacts
                                                            •    Failure to meet evolving stakeholder                 Low           Low to medium               High
                                                                 expectations
                                                            •    Political, regulatory or judicial
                                                                 developments
                 Low-carbon transition                      •    Low to zero GHG emission technologies or
                                                                 changes in customer preferences altering
                                                                 demand for our products
                                                            •    Perceptions of climate-related financial risk
                                                                 reducing access to capital and/or insurance          Low                Low                    High
                                                                 for BHP or our customers or suppliers
                                                            •    Reputational damage and litigation
                                                            •    Adverse market, legal or regulatory
                                                                 responses
                 Adopting technologies and                  •    Technological solutions to reduce GHG
                                                                                                                      Low                Low                    High
                 maintaining digital security                    emissions
                 Optimising growth and portfolio            •    Failure to achieve expected commercial
                                                                                                                      Low                Low                    High
                 returns                                         objectives due to climate-related impacts
                 Accessing key markets                      •    Legal or regulatory changes, with respect
                                                                                                                      Low                Low                    High
                                                                 to carbon-intensive industries and exports
                 Inadequate business resilience             •    Geopolitical, global economic, regional or
                                                                                                                      Low                Low                    High
                                                                 local developments or adverse events
                 Physical risk
                 Operational events                         •    Extreme weather and other climate-related
                                                                                                                      Low                Low                  Medium
                                                                 events that may impact production
                 Significant social or environmental        •    Failure to adequately identify or to
                 impacts                                         appropriately manage physical climate-               Low           Low to medium             Medium
                                                                 related risks
                 Inadequate business resilience             •    Acute and chronic physical climate-related
                                                                 impacts, event-driven and longer-term                Low                Low                  Medium
                                                                 changes in climate patterns

           Climate change and climate-related risks have the potential to influence or exacerbate risks across our operations and functions and are required to be
           considered and, where applicable, integrated in accordance with our Risk Framework into our asset risk profiles to be managed across each of these time
           horizons (see the table above). The linkage of these time horizons to our planning processes and activities and strategy formation informs our decision-
           making and enables us to take appropriate and timely risk management actions.
           Footnote
           
           
           1            The estimated potential (i) change to the level of influence of relevant climate-related issues and their associated risk factors on BHP’s existing
                        risk exposure and/or (ii) degree to which they may exacerbate existing risks within our risk profile, based on currently available information and
                        noting that some assessments are preliminary and/or incomplete (particularly in relation to physical climate-related risk) and may change
                        significantly.
           
                                                                                              59
           >For more information on BHP’s Risk Framework, how we manage climate-related risks and the potential impact to BHP operations refer to
           OFR 8 on pages 87 to 98 in this Report


           Transition to a net zero economy
           Our portfolio’s resilience
           We continue to seek to maximise our exposure to products that enable and support decarbonisation and electrification, urbanisation and a growing
           population, and to minimise the risk that capital may be stranded in a rapidly decarbonising world. To support this outcome, we consider a range of
           inputs, including our 1.5°C scenario, when testing the resilience of our portfolio and making investment decisions.

           Our CTAP 2024 analyses our portfolio’s resilience in our new 1.5°C scenario and describes key input assumptions, analytical methods, outputs and
           sensitivities we used in or derived from this scenario.

           We use our planning range (our long-term forecast of demand, supply and price across our commodities) for operational planning. It is comprised of
           three unique, independent planning cases: a ‘most likely’ base case, and an upside case and downside case that provide the range’s boundaries. These
           three cases reflect proprietary forecasts for the global economy and associated sub-sectors (i.e. energy, transport, agriculture, steel) and the resulting
           market outlook for our core commodities. The assessments of future states are not explicitly climate scenarios designed to test the resilience of our
           portfolio to different global climate action trajectories. However, in all three future state estimates, while the global gross domestic product assumptions
           and pace and drivers of decarbonisation policy and technology diffusion vary, most developed economies reach net zero around CY2050, with other
           developing economies reaching net zero in CY2060 and CY2070. The modelled output of our planning range results in global CO2 emission pathways
           implying a projected global temperature increase of around 2°C by CY2100.

           Our planning range’s demand, supply and price forecasts for key commodities are used to inform data inputs into our operational modelling and drive
           operational planning. Our planning range is also used for strategy formation and investment decisions.

           We use our 1.5°C scenario to derive commodity price sensitivities to assess potential impacts on portfolio value compared with our base case valuations
           using our planning range. Our modelling indicates our portfolio remains resilient under our 1.5°C scenario. The value of our copper, potash and nickel
           assets increases relative to the base case of our planning range, and offsets the effect to our portfolio from some downside risk to steelmaking coal. The




For personal use only
           net present value of our portfolio under our 1.5°C scenario is approximately the same as under the current base case of our planning range, indicating we
           would be resilient in an accelerated transition to a 1.5°C outcome. Western Australia Nickel’s temporary suspension (see below) has not altered our
           scenario analysis, which includes nickel in our portfolio.

           As described elsewhere in this Report, as well as in our CTAP 2024, we continue to reposition our portfolio towards commodities that can enable and
           support megatrends, such as global decarbonisation and electrification. Our actions to enable and support include BMA’s divestment of the Blackwater
           and Daunia mines as a further step to concentrate our coal portfolio on the higher-quality (grade) coals increasingly preferred by steelmaking customers
           and the acquisition of OZ Minerals in FY2023 to support the creation of a South Australia copper basin. We expect such actions to further enhance the
           overall resilience of our portfolio over time.

           In July 2024, we announced our Nickel West operations and West Musgrave project (Western Australia Nickel) would be temporarily suspended from
           October 2024. Over the longer term, our 1.5°C scenario and the base case of our planning range see nickel demand growing in response to the transition.
           However, the decision to temporarily suspend operations follows oversupply in the global nickel market. At the time of our announcement, forward
           consensus nickel prices over the next half of the decade had fallen sharply reflecting strong growth of alternative low-cost nickel supply.

           >For more analysis of our portfolio’s resilience in our new 1.5°C scenario and more information about the three planning cases in our planning
           range and their use refer to Portfolio on pages 31 to 38 of our CTAP 2024, available at bhp.com/CTAP2024

           >For key assumptions and metrics for our new 1.5°C scenario and a comparison with other 1.5°C scenarios refer to Additional information –
           Our 1.5°C scenario assumptions and the signposts we monitor on page 61 and Additional information – Our 1.5°C scenario compared to
           benchmarks on page 62 of our CTAP 2024 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024

           >For disclosures related to potential financial statement impacts in our new 1.5°C scenario refer to Financial Statements note 16 ‘Climate
           change’ on pages F-42 to F-46 in this Report


           Impact on our business, strategy and capital alignment and allocation
           The final (or sufficiently resolved) results of our climate-related risk assessments across our short-, medium- and long-term time horizons (as described
           on page 58 to 59), as well as our 1.5°C scenario, are considered and integrated into our strategy and as a sensitivity in our capital allocation processes.
           This enables us to test the extent to which our business and capital allocation are aligned with a rapidly decarbonising global economy.

           We are undertaking our studies of physical climate-related risks to progressively identify, assess and quantify the potential future impacts to site
           operations, productivity and estimated cost for our operated assets. Once the results of the risk quantification studies for our operated assets are
           completed, we propose to use the results to inform updates to our risk profile, including new risk management activities, inform corporate planning,
           identify areas where we should focus our assessment of new or strengthened controls or adaptation responses, and assess the financial and social value
           of adaptation measures.

           >For an overview of how climate-related issues have impacted our operational activities and our approach with respect to our value chain refer
           to Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions from our operated assets) on pages 57 and Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3
           emissions) on pages 58 in this OFR 6.9
           
                                                                                        60
           >For more information on potential financial statement impacts due to climate-related risks, refer to Financial Statements note 16 ‘Climate
           change’ on pages F-42 to F-46 in this Report

           > For more information on the studies we are undertaking to assess our exposure to physical climate-related risks refer to Physical climate-
           related risk and adaptation on page 51 in the BHP Annual Report 2024

           >For more information on our commodity production, revenue and expenditure refer to Climate-related metrics, targets and goals on pages 52
           to 59 in the BHP Annual Report 2024


           Carbon pricing
           We embed carbon prices within our planning range and planning cases that inform asset planning, asset valuations and operational decision-making,
           including the prioritisation of operational GHG emission reduction projects.

           >For our qualitative and quantitative disclosures related to carbon pricing refer to Financial Statements note 16 ‘Climate change’ on pages F-
           42 to F-46 in this Report


           Equitable change and transition
           We seek meaningful, long-term, mutually beneficial relationships that respect local cultures. We aim to support the development of diversified and
           resilient local communities and economies that contribute to wellbeing that continues beyond the life of our operated assets.

           >For information on the work we are undertaking to leave a positive legacy from our mining in the Hunter Valley as we move towards the
           planned closure of Mt Arthur Coal refer to Equitable change and transition on pages 46 to 48 of our CTAP 2024 available at
           bhp.com/CTAP2024


           Climate policy advocacy




For personal use only
           We believe governments around the world should adopt and progress policies aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement to limit the increase in the
           global average temperature by CY2100 to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit the increase to 1.5°C. We commit to
           conducting our climate policy advocacy consistent with these goals in our direct advocacy and our indirect advocacy. Our Climate Policy Principles
           show how we intend this commitment to be translated into action.

           >Our Climate Policy Principles, the approach we take to our direct and indirect advocacy, and our latest advocacy disclosures are available at
           bhp.com/sustainability/climate-change/advocacy-on-climate-policy and bhp.com/about/operating-ethically/industry-associations

           >For more information on our policy advocacy refer to Climate policy advocacy on pages 39 to 41 of our CTAP 2024 available at
           bhp.com/CTAP2024


           Physical climate-related risks and adaptation
           A changing climate can exacerbate and create physical climate-related risks, which include:
           
           •            Acute physical climate-related risks: Extreme climatic events, such as floods, cyclones and heatwaves, that may be more severe or more frequent
                        because of a changing climate
           
           •            Chronic physical climate-related risks: The incremental worsening of conditions, such as the gradual increase in the number of extreme heat days
                        over the years, or rising sea levels

           The mining sector is exposed to both acute and chronic physical climate-related risks because of its remote outdoor operations with labour and physical
           capital exposed to the elements, and because of its dependency on global value chains. The long lives of mining assets mean they could encounter
           deteriorating conditions in later decades. Geographically dispersed sites and value chains increase the diversity of physical climate-related impacts we
           could encounter.

           We are undertaking studies to assess our exposure to physical climate-related risks that draw on science-based climate data. We are working to complete
           these studies and continue verification and review of results in FY2025. Our approach to evaluating our operational physical climate-related risks is
           illustrated in the ‘Our approach to physical climate-related risk’ diagram.
           
                                                                                            61
           Our approach to physical climate-related risk
           




           Climate modelling
           We commissioned WTW (one of our insurance advisors) to develop a climate dataset covering our operated assets and some key value chain locations,
           to develop a more holistic understanding of the potential parameters of our physical climate-related risk exposure and how it may change over time.

           This climate dataset is based on the publicly available Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSP) scenarios used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
           Change, and includes latest generation (Coupled Model Intercomparison Project Phase 6 (CMIP6)) and CMIP5 climate models, applied to our operated
           assets. The dataset covers more than 20 climate-related hazards potentially relevant to our global operations, such as average temperature, extreme




For personal use only
           precipitation, and cyclones, which can represent physical climate-related risks. Alongside this we apply local observational climate data and other
           sources of climate projections. This approach allows us to develop a localised view of potential impacts, including changes in rainfall patterns, average
           and maximum temperatures and sea level rise.

           The climate dataset includes a baseline (CY2001 to CY2020) and projections for three future time horizons (CY2026 to CY2045, CY2046 to CY2065,
           CY2066 to CY2085) for the following Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change SSP-based GHG emission scenarios:1
           
           •            Low-case: Estimated average global temperature increase of 1.8°C by CY2100 (SSP1-2.6)
           
           •            Mid-case: Estimated average global temperature increase of 2.7°C by CY2100 (SSP2-4.5)
           
           •            High-case: Estimated average global temperature increase of 4.4°C by CY2100 (SSP5-8.5)

           The table ‘Potential physical climate-related risks at our operated assets and in their value chains’ on this page shows the physical climate-related risks
           that our studies to date indicate could have potential impact for our operated assets (including via impacts in our value chain). The first stage of our
           analysis looks at our operated assets that are currently producing (excluding NSWEC and former OZ Minerals sites) and our Jansen potash project. We
           plan to include currently producing former OZ Minerals sites and to expand and adapt our approach to incorporate our legacy assets and NSWEC in
           FY2025.


           Footnote
           
           1.           Table SPM.1, Summary for Policymakers. In: Climate Change 2021: The Physical Science Basis. Contribution of Working Group I to the Sixth
                        Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. IPCC, CY2021
           
           
           Potential physical climate-related risks at our operated assets and in their value chains
           Climate hazard                                                                     Potential operational site impacts
           Extreme precipitation and/or flooding                                              Inundation of mines and/or key production infrastructure
                                                                                              Disruption and/or damage to water supply infrastructure
                                                                                              Exacerbation of tailings storage facility failure risk
           Coastal hazards (including higher sea levels, cyclones, storm surge and            Disruption and/or damage to port and coastal infrastructure and
           changes in marine ecosystems)                                                      operations
           Extreme temperatures                                                               Disruption and/or damage to electrical infrastructure
           Changes in rainfall, temperature and/or evaporation patterns                       Water shortages for operational activities
                                                                                              Workforce health and safety incidents
           Extreme weather events (including extreme heat, extreme precipitation              Disruption in the supply of critical production inputs, and access to
           and/or flooding, cyclones)                                                         supply chain infrastructure
           
                                                                                         62
           >For more information on our approach to physical climate-related risk quantification studies, existing risk controls and potential adaptation
           responses refer to Physical risk and adaptation on pages 42 to 45 of our CTAP 2024 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024

           >For more information on how physical climate-related risk has been considered in asset carrying values refer to Financial Statements note 16
           ‘Climate change’ on pages F-42 to F-46 in this Report


           The role of our commodities in the transition
           We continue to engage with investors, industry and standard setters to explore ways of establishing clear methodologies for classification and
           measurement of ‘green revenue’1 and associated capital expenditure within the resources sector. We note that, at present, there are still divergent and
           evolving views globally on what constitutes green revenue, with no clear definition or expectations for other sustainability indicators for the resources
           sector.

           Traceability of end use for many commodities, such as copper and nickel, remains a challenge as they undergo multiple stages of processing and have a
           diverse range of end uses. Given this continued uncertainty, we have presented multiple classifications of certain of our commodities to reflect a view on
           their actual or potential contribution to the transition to a net zero economy.

           The classification we have given to our commodities (described in the table below) is intended to be an indicative approach pending clear and resolved
           methodologies for identifying key transition materials that contribute to the transition to a net zero economy and the calculation of the revenues they
           generate. We also acknowledge the classification focuses on the theme of enabling the transition to a net zero economy to mitigate climate change, and
           broader sustainability indicators in relation to how these commodities are produced are also important to consider.
           
           Classification                                     Definition                                 Commodities
           Climate Action 100+ Net Zero Standard              Key transition materials                   Copper, nickel
           for Diversified Mining, September 2023
           FTSE Russell’s Green Revenues                      Key raw minerals and metals                Uranium
           Classification System, v1.1, January 2024
           BHP                                                Future-facing commodities2                 Copper, nickel, potash




For personal use only
           We believe steelmaking materials like iron ore and steelmaking coal also have an important role to play in the global transition to net zero. We expect
           the blast furnace with carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS) to be an important part of the journey towards the end-state objective of
           widespread near zero emission steel, and it requires higher-quality steelmaking coal as an input. External analysis, such as the International Energy
           Agency’s net zero by 2050 scenario,3 supports this view.

           >Our view on steelmaking materials and their role in the transition to net zero is described in Portfolio - Steelmaking, iron ore and steelmaking
           coal in our 1.5°C scenario on pages 37 and 38 of our CTAP 2024 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024
           Footnotes
           
           1.           ‘Green revenue’ is a label referenced externally, including by standard setters and in investor-led benchmarks, which is intended as a measure of
                        the extent to which products and services contribute to the transition to a net zero, resource efficient and socially inclusive economy. For more
                        information refer to unep.org/regions/asia-and-pacific/regional-initiatives/supporting-resource-efficiency/green-economy
           
           2.           Commodities that we determine to be positively leveraged in the energy transition and broader global response to climate change, with potential
                        for decades-long demand growth to support emerging mega-trends like electrification and decarbonisation.
           
           3.           International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook 2023, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2023
           
                                                                                             63
           Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions from our operated assets) medium-term target and long-term net zero goal definitions,
           assumptions, adjustments and additional key details
           
                                     Medium-term target                                              Long-term net zero goal
           Description               Reduce operational GHG emissions by at least 30 per cent        Achieve net zero operational GHG emissions by CY2050
                                     from FY2020 levels by FY2030
           Baseline year or          Baseline year: FY2020                                           Reference year: FY2020. FY2020 is used as a reference
           reference year and        Period: FY2020 to FY2030                                        year to track progress towards our goal, but is not a baseline
           period                                                                                    year for achieving our goal.
                                                                                                     Period: FY2020 to CY2050
           Type and reduction        Type: Absolute                                                  Type: Absolute
                                     Reduction: Gross; At least 30 per cent                          Reduction: Net; 100 per cent (where we currently estimate
                                                                                                     up to around an 85 per cent gross operational GHG
                                                                                                     emissions reduction against FY2020 levels by CY2050
                                                                                                     without the use of carbon credits for offsetting)
           Boundary                  Inventory boundary: Scopes 1 and 2 emissions: Operational control
           Exclusions                Non-operated assets and equity investments (included in our value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) long-term
                                     net zero goal)
           GHGs included             CO2, CH4, N2O, HFC, PFC, SF6
           Offsetting                Our plan is to achieve our medium-term target through               Planned, to close the performance gap beyond our current
                                     structural GHG emissions abatement instead of offsetting our estimate of up to around an 85 per cent gross operational
                                     operational GHG emissions. We will not use regulatory               GHG emissions reduction against FY2020 levels by
                                     carbon credits (i.e. those used for compliance under                CY2050 without the use of carbon credits for offsetting.
                                     regulatory schemes such as Australia’s Safeguard
                                     Mechanism) to meet our target. In our projected pathway, we
                                     have not planned to use voluntary carbon credits to meet our




For personal use only
                                     medium-term target, but if there is an unanticipated shortfall
                                     in our pathway, we may use voluntary carbon credits that
                                     meet our integrity standards to close the performance gap.
           Measurement approach      Scope 1 emissions are calculated using emission factors and methodologies required under mandatory local regulatory
                                     programs where BHP operates, including the National Greenhouse Energy and Reporting (NGER) scheme for Australian
                                     operations, Green Tax legislation (referencing Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) emission factors) for
                                     Chilean operations and Canadian Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (referencing IPCC emission factors) for our Jansen
                                     potash project. In the absence of mandatory local regulatory programs, the Australian NGER scheme emission factors and
                                     methodology is used. Scope 2 emissions are calculated using the market-based method using electricity emission factors
                                     sourced directly from the supplier where available, as evidenced by Renewable Energy Certificates and/or supplier-
                                     provided documentation. Where supplier-specific emission factors are not available, a default location-based emission
                                     factor for electricity, as published in local regulations or industry frameworks, is used.
           
                                                                                   64
           Key adjustments made        Baseline year (for our target) and reference year (for our goal) and performance data have been adjusted for divestment of
           to baseline year or         our interest in BMC (completed on 3 May 2022), divestment of our Petroleum business (merger with Woodside completed
           reference year and          on 1 June 2022), BMA’s divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines (completed on 2 April 2024), our acquisition of
           subsequent data             OZ Minerals (completed on 2 May 2023) and for methodology changes (use of IPCC Assessment Report 5 (AR5) Global
                                       Warming Potentials and the transition to a facility-specific GHG emission calculation methodology for fugitives at Caval
                                       Ridge and Saraji South).
           Performance, adjusted       FY2020: 13.6 MtCO2-e | FY2021: 13.8 MtCO2-e | FY2022: 10.2 MtCO2-e | FY2023: 9.1 MtCO2-e | FY2024: 9.2 MtCO2-e
           Target or goal setting      Our target is measured on a cumulative GHG emission basis Our goal was developed with the ambition to achieve net
           method                      against an overall carbon budget. The target percentage           zero for our operational GHG emissions by CY2050. Our
                                       reduction was established in FY2020 by applying the same          progress against this goal will be measured on an absolute
                                       rate of reduction to BHP’s GHG emissions as the rate at           basis.
                                       which the world’s GHG emissions would have to contract in
                                       order to meet the Paris Agreement goal to hold global
                                       average temperature increase to well below 2°C above
                                       pre-industrial levels (known as the ‘absolute contraction
                                       method’).
           Target or goal derived      No, our target was derived using the absolute contraction         No, however our goal is consistent with the global net zero
           using a sectoral            method specified earlier. At the time of setting the target,      ambition.
           decarbonisation             there were no mining sector-specific pathways for
           approach                    jurisdictions where we operate.
           Process for reviewing       The Board approves BHP’s significant social, community and sustainability policies (upon recommendation from the
           the setting of the target   Nomination and Governance Committee), including those related to climate change and climate transition planning, public
           or goal                     sustainability goals and targets (including for GHG emission reductions). We review our GHG emissions targets and goals
                                       as part of the periodic development of an updated CTAP, or more frequently if required.
           Process for monitoring      Monitored on an annual basis through our business planning processes, which forecast operational GHG emissions and
           progress towards the        identify planned, proposed or potential GHG emission reduction projects out to CY2050. As part of this process, an
           target or goal              internal GHG emissions target is set for the relevant financial year and monitored through our annual reporting processes,




For personal use only
                                       with progress reviewed by management and the Board as part of publication of our annual reporting disclosures. Our target
                                       is also monitored on a six-monthly basis through our social value scorecard framework, with progress reviewed by
                                       management and the Board as part of publication of our half-year results (as well as annual reporting disclosures), or more
                                       frequently if required.
           Third-party validation      No, but we obtain reasonable assurance over our externally reported performance against our target and goal.
           of our target or goal
           Carbon budget for           126.9 MtCO2-e (FY2020 to FY2030). This reflects a linear       For the period FY2020 to FY2030, refer to the carbon
           target or goal period       reduction between our baseline year and the target year. In    budget for our target. We do not currently use a carbon
                                       the interim years before FY2030, we periodically refer to our budget for the period beyond FY2030.
                                       carbon budget to assess our cumulative GHG emissions
                                       against our carbon budget to FY2030. This enables us to
                                       determine if we are on track to achieve our medium-term
                                       target or whether we anticipate potential use of voluntary
                                       carbon credits to close any performance gap by FY2030
                                       (which we do not currently anticipate).
           Expected progression        Progress towards our target and goal is expected to be non-linear and will be affected by organic changes in our production
                                       of commodities.
           
                                                                                     65
           Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) medium-term goals definitions assumptions, adjustments and additional key details
           
                                         Steelmaking medium-term goal                                  Shipping medium-term goal
           Description                   Support industry to develop steel production technology       Support 40 per cent GHG emissions intensity reduction of
                                         capable of 30 per cent lower GHG emissions intensity          BHP-chartered shipping of BHP products
                                         relative to conventional blast furnace steelmaking, with
                                         widespread adoption expected post-CY2030.
           Baseline year or reference    Reference year: CY2020 (global average GHG emissions          Baseline year: CY2008 (reflecting International Maritime
           year, and period              intensity for conventional blast furnace steelmaking as at    Organisation (IMO) objectives for the shipping industry)
                                         CY2020, being 2.2 tonnes of CO2 per tonne of crude steel.     Period: CY2008 to CY2030
                                         Source: IEA Iron and Steel Technology Roadmap (October
                                         2020)). CY2020 is used as a reference year to assess the
                                         potential of collaborative partnerships and venture capital
                                         investments to which we may commit funding (refer to
                                         ‘measurement approach’ later in this table), but is not a
                                         baseline year for achieving our goal.
                                         Period: FY2020 to CY2030.
           Type and reduction            Type: Not applicable                                          Type: Intensity
                                         Reduction: Not applicable                                     Reduction: Gross; 40 per cent
           Boundary                      Not applicable                                                – GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned
                                                                                                          or operated by BHP, but chartered and paid for by BHP,
                                                                                                          where the transportation was of BHP-produced products
                                                                                                          sold by BHP. In some cases, the goal’s boundary may
                                                                                                          differ from the boundaries under mandatory reporting.
                                                                                                       – Inventory boundary: Scope 3 emissions, Category 4,
                                                                                                          shipping of BHP products only.
           Exclusions                    Not applicable                                                – GHG emissions from maritime transportation owned,




For personal use only
                                                                                                          operated and/or chartered and paid for by a third party,
                                                                                                          where the transportation was of BHP-produced products
                                                                                                          sold by BHP.
                                                                                                       – GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned
                                                                                                          or operated by BHP, but chartered and paid for by BHP,
                                                                                                          where the transportation was of third-party-produced
                                                                                                          products sold by BHP (pursuant to our third-party
                                                                                                          trading activity).
                                                                                                       – GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned
                                                                                                          or operated by BHP, but chartered and paid for by BHP
                                                                                                          or a third party, where the transportation was of products
                                                                                                          purchased by BHP.
           GHGs included                 Not applicable                                                CO2, CH4, N2O
           Offsetting                    Not applicable                                                Not planned but will be periodically assessed
           Measurement approach          Committed funding (US$) for collaborative partnerships        Average gCO2-e per deadweight tonne per nautical mile
                                         and venture capital investments with the aim to support       (gCO2-e/dwt/nm), weighted based on IMO defined vessel
                                         industry to develop steel production technology capable of    size ranges utilised by BHP during the time period, using a
                                         30 per cent lower GHG emissions intensity relative to         well-to-wake CO2-e emission factor from EU Regulation
                                         conventional blast furnace steelmaking.                       2023/1805.
           Key adjustments made to       Not applicable                                                Baseline year and performance data have been adjusted to
           baseline year and                                                                           only include voyages associated with the transportation of
           subsequent data                                                                             commodities currently in BHP’s portfolio due to the data
                                                                                                       availability challenges of adjusting by asset or operation
                                                                                                       for CY2008 and subsequent year data. GHG emissions
                                                                                                       intensity calculations currently include the transportation
                                                                                                       of copper, iron ore, steelmaking coal, energy coal,
                                                                                                       molybdenum, uranium and nickel. Baseline year and
                                                                                                       performance data have also been adjusted for a
                                                                                                       methodology change to use maritime transport emission
                                                                                                       factors from EU Regulation 2023/1805, after The British
                                                                                                       Standards Institution EN 16258 standard (the source of the
                                                                                                       emission factors we previously used) was withdrawn in
                                                                                                       CY2023.
           
                                                                                    66
           Goal setting method         Qualitative. Tracked based on the funding (US$) we           Set as a point in time, i.e. with the specific date of ‘by
                                       commit in collaborative partnerships and venture capital     CY2030’ for our goal to support a 40 per cent GHG
                                       investments with the aim to support industry to develop      emissions intensity reduction of BHP-chartered shipping of
                                       steel production technology capable of 30 per cent lower     BHP products, while reflecting the challenges and
                                       GHG emissions intensity relative to conventional blast       uncertainty and our inability (as BHP alone) to ensure
                                       furnace steelmaking.                                         Scope 3 emission reductions. As a result, the goal is not
                                                                                                    based on a trajectory and does not imply a specific carbon
                                                                                                    budget, and so Scope 3 emissions may fluctuate (with
                                                                                                    some increases and/or non-linear decreases) during the
                                                                                                    period before the goal date.
           Goal derived using a        Not applicable                                               No, although our goal is generally consistent with the
           sectoral decarbonisation                                                                 IMO’s CY2030 emissions intensity goal for the
           approach                                                                                 international shipping sector and we selected CY2008 as
                                                                                                    our goal’s baseline year to align with the base year for the
                                                                                                    IMO’s CY2030 goal and its corresponding reasoning and
                                                                                                    strategy.
           Process for reviewing the   The Board approves BHP’s significant social, community and sustainability policies (upon recommendation from the
           setting of the goal         Nomination and Governance Committee), including those related to climate change and climate transition planning,
                                       public sustainability goals and targets (including for GHG emission reductions). We review our GHG emissions targets
                                       and goals as part of the periodic development of an updated CTAP, or more frequently if required.
           Process for monitoring      Monitored on a six-monthly basis through our social value scorecard framework, with progress reviewed by
           progress towards the goal   management and the Board as part of publication of our half-year results and annual reporting disclosures, or more
                                       frequently if required.
           Third-party validation of   No, but we obtain limited assurance over our externally reported performance against our goals.
             our goal
           Carbon budget for goal      Not applicable                                               Our goal is not based on a trajectory and does not imply a
             period                                                                                 specific carbon budget.
           Expected progression        Not applicable                                               Progress towards our goal is expected to be non-linear and




For personal use only
                                                                                                    affected by organic changes in our production of
                                                                                                    commodities and associated increases in vessel chartering,
                                                                                                    due to the dependence on the availability of GHG emission
                                                                                                    reduction solutions more broadly across the shipping
                                                                                                    industry.
           
                                                                                  67
           Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) long-term net zero targets and goal definitions assumptions, adjustments and additional key details
           
                                         Value chain long-term net zero goal       Shipping long-term net zero target        Direct suppliers long-term net zero
                                                                                                                             target
           Description                   We have a long-term goal of net zero    Target net zero by CY2050 for the        Target net zero by CY2050 for the
                                         Scope 3 GHG emissions by CY2050.        GHG emissions from all shipping of       operational GHG emissions of our
                                         Achievement of this goal is uncertain,  BHP products. Ability to achieve the     direct suppliers. Ability to achieve the
                                         particularly given the challenges of a  target is subject to the widespread      target is subject to the widespread
                                         net zero pathway for our customers in   availability of carbon neutral solutions availability of carbon neutral solutions
                                         steelmaking, and we cannot ensure the   to meet our requirements, including      to meet our requirements, including
                                         outcome alone                           low to zero GHG emission                 low to zero GHG emissions
                                                                                 technologies, fuels, goods and services technologies, fuels, goods and services
           Reference year, and period Reference year: FY2020. FY2020 is used as a reference year to track progress towards our targets and goal, but is not a
                                      baseline year for achieving our targets or goal.
                                      Period: FY2020 to CY2050
           Type and reduction         Type: Absolute
                                      Reduction: Net; 100 per cent
           Boundary                      – Total reported Scope 3 emissions are – GHG emissions from maritime                  – Scopes 1 and 2 emissions of our
                                            estimated on an equity basis for           transportation not owned or operated       direct suppliers included in BHP’s
                                            downstream GHG emissions. For the          by BHP where the transportation            reported Scope 3 emissions reporting
                                            upstream GHG emissions                     was of BHP-produced products sold          categories of purchased goods and
                                            component, the boundary is defined         by BHP. May be BHP-chartered or            services (including capital goods),
                                            on a category-by-category basis due        third-party-chartered. In some cases,      fuel- and energy-related activities,
                                            to data limitations.                       the target’s boundary may differ           business travel and employee
                                         – Inventory boundary: Scope 3                 from the boundaries under                  commuting. In some cases, the
                                            emissions.                                 mandatory    reporting.                    target’s boundary may differ from
                                                                                    – Inventory boundary: Scope 3                 the boundaries under mandatory




For personal use only
                                                                                       emissions, Categories 4 and 9,             reporting.
                                                                                       shipping of BHP products only.          – Inventory boundary: Scope 3
                                                                                                                                  emissions, Categories 1, 3, 6 and 7
                                                                                                                                  (subset) emissions are being used as
                                                                                                                                  a proxy for the Scopes 1 and 2
                                                                                                                                  emissions of our direct suppliers.
           Exclusions                    Refer to exclusions for our shipping       – GHG emissions from maritime              Scope 3 emissions (for our direct
                                         and suppliers’ targets.                       transportation not owned or operated suppliers) associated with our
                                                                                       by BHP, but chartered and paid for      purchased goods and services
                                                                                       by BHP, where the transportation        (including capital goods), fuel- and
                                                                                       was of third-party-produced products energy-related activities, business
                                                                                       sold by BHP (pursuant to our third- travel and employee commuting.
                                                                                       party-trading activity).
                                                                                    – GHG emissions from maritime
                                                                                       transportation not owned or operated
                                                                                       by BHP, but chartered and paid for
                                                                                       by BHP or a third-party, where the
                                                                                       transportation was of products
                                                                                       purchased by BHP.
           GHGs included                 Defined by the available data, which       CO2, CH4, N2O                              Defined by the available data, which
                                         differs by Scope 3 emissions category.                                                differs by Scope 3 emissions category.
                                         We intend to continue to improve our                                                  We intend to continue to improve our
                                         GHG emission calculations over time                                                   GHG emission calculations over time
                                         to encompass specific greenhouse                                                      to encompass specific greenhouse
                                         gases as data becomes available.                                                      gases as data becomes available.
           Offsetting                    We anticipate offsetting by our customers, suppliers and other third parties will play a role in meeting our long-term net
                                         zero goal (and potentially our long-term net zero targets), particularly for residual GHG emissions in steelmaking which
                                         are not currently expected to reach zero by CY2050. Where third parties offset their GHG emissions that appear in our
                                         reported Scope 3 emissions inventory, we plan to recognise and report the net GHG emissions after offsetting. Carbon
                                         credits sourced by third parties in our value chain and associated with GHG emissions that appear in our reported Scope 3
                                         emissions inventory would need to be high-integrity before we recognised that offsetting in our reporting.
           Measurement approach          Description of the calculation             Vessel- and voyage-specific GHG            As a proxy for measurement of the
                                         methodology used for each Scope 3          emissions calculated using maritime        Scopes 1 and 2 emissions of our direct
                                         emissions category can be found in the transport emission factors from EU             suppliers, progress is currently
                                         BHP GHG Emissions Calculation              Regulation 2023/1805.                      measured using Categories 1, 3, 6 and
                                         Methodology 2024, available at                                                        7 emissions data using a mix of spend-
                                         bhp.com/climate                                                                       based and activity-based methodology.
           
                                                                                      68
                                                      Value chain long-term net zero goal        Shipping long-term net zero         Direct suppliers long-term net
                                                                                                 target                              zero target
           Key adjustments made to reference          Category 1, Category 3, Category 4           Category 4 (maritime               Category 1 and Category 3
           year and subsequent data                   (maritime component), Category 9             component) and Category 9          GHG emissions in reference
                                                      (maritime component), Category 10,           (maritime component) GHG           year and performance data have
                                                      Category 11 and Category 15 GHG              emissions in reference year and been adjusted for the
                                                      emissions in reference year and              performance data have been         divestment of our interest in
                                                      performance data have been                   adjusted for a methodology         BMC (completed on 3 May
                                                      adjusted for the divestment of our           change to use maritime transport 2022), divestment of our
                                                      interest in Cerrejón (with an                emission factors from EU           Petroleum business (merger
                                                      effective economic date of                   Regulation 2023/1805, after The with Woodside completed on
                                                      31 December 2020), divestment of             British Standards Institution      1 June 2022), BMA’s
                                                      our interest in BMC (completed on            (BSI) EN 16258 standard (the       divestment of the Blackwater
                                                      3 May 2022), divestment of our               source of the emission factors we and Daunia mines (completed
                                                      interest in the Rhourde Ouled                previously used) was withdrawn on 2 April 2024) and
                                                      Djemma (ROD) Integrated                      in CY2023, and have been           acquisition of OZ Minerals
                                                      Development (completed in April              adjusted for the divestment of     (completed on 2 May 2023).
                                                      2022), divestment of our Petroleum           our interest in BMC (completed Categories 6 and 7 were not
                                                      business (merger with Woodside               on 3 May 2022), divestment of      adjusted due to their
                                                      completed on 1 June 2022), BMA’s             our Petroleum business (merger immateriality to our long-term
                                                      divestment of the Blackwater and             with Woodside completed on         net zero target.
                                                      Daunia mines (completed on 2 April           1 June 2022), BMA’s divestment
                                                      2024) and acquisition of OZ                  of the Blackwater and Daunia
                                                      Minerals (completed on 2 May                 mines (completed on 2 April
                                                      2023). The remaining categories              2024) and acquisition of OZ
                                                      have not been adjusted due to their          Minerals (completed on 2 May
                                                      immateriality to our long-term net           2023).
                                                      zero goal.




For personal use only
           Target/goal setting method                 Set as a point in time, i.e. with the specific date of ‘by CY2050’ to reach the target or goal of net zero, while
                                                      reflecting the challenges and uncertainty and our inability (as BHP alone) to ensure Scope 3 emission
                                                      reductions. As a result, the target or goal is not based on a trajectory and does not imply a specific carbon
                                                      budget, and Scope 3 emissions may fluctuate (with some increases and/or non-linear decreases) during the
                                                      period before the target or goal date.
           Target/goal derived using a sectoral       No
           decarbonisation approach
           Process for reviewing the setting of the   The Board approves BHP’s significant social, community and sustainability policies (upon recommendation
           target/goal                                from the Nomination and Governance Committee), including those related to climate change and climate
                                                      transition planning, public sustainability goals and targets (including for GHG emission reductions). We
                                                      review our GHG emissions targets and goals as part of the periodic development of an updated CTAP, or
                                                      more frequently if required.
           Process for monitoring progress            Monitored on a yearly basis through our annual reporting processes, with progress reviewed by management
           towards the target/goal                    and the Board as part of publication of our annual reporting disclosures, or more frequently if required.
           Third-party validation of our              No, but we obtain limited assurance over our externally reported performance against our targets and goal.
           target/goal
           Carbon budget for target/goal period       Our targets and goal are not based on trajectories and do not imply specific carbon budgets.
           Expected progression                       Progress towards our targets and goal is expected to be non-linear and affected by organic changes in our
                                                      production of commodities.

           
           
                                                                                            69
           6.10 Environment and nature
           We acknowledge nature, including biodiversity, is deteriorating worldwide at unprecedented rates. We are supportive of global efforts to halt and reverse
           nature loss in the coming decade, following adoption of the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework during the Conference of the Parties to
           the Convention on Biological Diversity in December 2022. We recognise that to help enable the energy transition, critical minerals production will need
           to increase, and it will be essential that this production meets high standards of environmental stewardship. BHP’s business, our suppliers and
           customers, Indigenous peoples and the local communities where we operate, all depend on and enjoy nature and the ecosystem services it provides. We
           acknowledge the nature of our operations and our environmental performance can impact the natural environment, including the provision of ecosystem
           services.

           Our Environment Global Standard outlines the minimum requirements for managing our environmental risks and complying with our environmental
           obligations using environmental management systems aligned to ISO14001. We are working to enable these systems to better support our approach to
           environmental management and performance. The Environment Global Standard also describes our requirement to apply the mitigation hierarchy
           (avoid, mitigate, rehabilitate, compensatory actions) in our approach to managing environmental risks. Our Risk Framework supports how we seek to
           identify, assess and manage environmental risks, as well as our strategic decision-making.
           >For more information on BHP’s approach to water stewardship, biodiversity and land, including associated strategies refer to the following
           sections and bhp.com/water and bhp.com/biodiversity


           What do we mean by nature and its associated terms?
           
           •            The Recommendations of the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD Recommendations), which were finalised in September
                        2023, describe nature as having four major components or realms: land, fresh water, ocean and atmosphere – each of which interact with people
                        and society. Biodiversity is a characteristic of all four realms. At BHP, we are continuing to evolve our sustainability-related reporting to align
                        with this concept of nature.
           
           •            BHP adopts the definitions as outlined in the TNFD Glossary version 1.0 for the following key nature-related terms: Nature, Nature-positive,
                        Natural Capital, Biodiversity, Realm, Ecosystem function and Ecosystem services. We intend to review these definitions in FY2025, in light of the
                        recently revised TNFD Glossary Version 2.0 (June 2024).




For personal use only
           Biodiversity is an essential characteristic of adaptable, resilient and functional ecosystems, which provides society with ecosystem services on which we
           rely – clean water, fresh air, productive soils, pollination, climate regulation and climate physical risk mitigation; and services through which we enjoy
           recreation, amenity, spiritual connection and wellbeing.
           For definitions refer to Additional information 10.4 and the TNFD’s version 1.0 glossary at tnfd.global/publication/glossary/
           




           Nature-related goal and targets
           We have set, and are now focusing on the steps required to achieve, our 2030 Healthy environment goal and our context-based water targets (refer to the
           Fresh water and oceans section later in OFR 6.10) that are designed as part of our contribution towards the global efforts to reduce and/or reverse nature
           loss.
           
                                                                                              70
           Our 2030 Healthy environment goal, announced in 2022, is to create nature-positive1 outcomes by having at least 30 per cent of the land and water we
           steward2 under conservation, restoration or regenerative practices by the end of FY2030. Our focus is on areas of highest ecosystem value, both within
           and outside our own operational footprint, in partnership with Indigenous peoples and local communities.

           Our 2030 Healthy environment goal was developed in anticipation of the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework. We focus our activities in
           support of achieving this goal on the large areas of non-operational land we steward, as this land offers the greatest opportunity for us to apply
           conservation, restoration or regenerative practices at a larger scale. Our Healthy environment goal and the mitigation hierarchy are considered as part of
           the factors we use to inform management approaches for our operational and non-operational areas.

           To meet the FY2024 short-term milestone for the Healthy environment pillar of our social value scorecard, we have developed a Group-level framework
           for nature-positive plans to achieve the 2030 Healthy environment goal (BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap).4 We intend to assess the potential
           opportunities identified in the BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap to inform business decisions designed to enable BHP to progress towards our
           2030 Healthy environment goal.

           As at 30 June 2024, we had 83,012 hectares or 1.62 per cent5 of the land and water that we steward2,7 under nature-positive management practices3
           compared to 79,718 hectares or 1.56 per cent at the end of FY2023.6 The FY2024 area under nature-positive management practices3 has increased by
           3,295 hectares (or 4.13 per cent) since FY2023.

           The increase in area under nature-positive management practices in FY2024 compared to FY2023 is due to: the inclusion of areas under nature-positive
           management practice at the former OZ Minerals operation Carrapateena and the West Musgrave project, not included in our FY2023 reporting; an
           additional regulatory conservation area at one of BMA’s assets in FY2024; and BMA’s divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines,7 resulting in
           these areas, including some areas reported in FY2023 as under nature-positive management practices,3 being excluded from the land and water we
           steward.2

           The calculation for the area under nature-positive management practices includes areas under regulatory and voluntary conservation and restoration, and
           regenerative agriculture. A breakdown of this can be found in the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024. We plan to continue to assess, validate and
           disclose material information regarding the Healthy environment goal calculation methodology, in consideration of evolving external frameworks and
           stakeholder expectations.




For personal use only
           >For more information on our Healthy environment goal methodology and natural capital metrics framework, how the BHP Healthy
           environment goal roadmap was developed using a targeted version of the TNFD’s LEAP approach, and examples of areas under nature-
           positive management practice refer to bhp.com/environment

           >For more information on our 2030 goals refer to OFR 6.5

           >For more information on how we manage risk refer to OFR 8


           Footnotes
           
           1.           Nature-positive is defined by the TNFD Glossary version 1.0 as ‘A high-level goal and concept describing a future state of nature (e.g.
                        biodiversity, ecosystem services and natural capital) which is greater than the current state’. We understand it includes land and water management
                        practices that halt and reverse nature loss – that is, supporting healthy, functioning ecosystems. BHP intends to review this definition in FY2025,
                        in light of the recently revised TNFD Glossary version 2.0 (June 2024) definition of nature positive.
           
           2.           This excludes areas we hold under greenfield exploration licences (or equivalent tenements), which are outside the area of influence of our
                        existing mine operations. 30 per cent will be calculated based on the areas of land and water that we steward at the end of FY2030.
           
           3.           Nature-positive management practices refer to an area under stewardship that has a formal management plan that includes conservation,
                        restoration or regenerative practices. For more information refer to the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024, available at
                        bhp.com/sustainability.
           
           4.           The BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap is intended to apply to our operated assets in Australia, Chile and Canada. Due to the acquisition of
                        OZ Minerals and prioritisation of activities based on risks and impacts, Carrapateena, Prominent Hill, West Musgrave and legacy assets are
                        currently out of scope for the roadmap; with the exception of West Musgrave, these assets are planned to be incorporated into the roadmap in
                        FY2025. Incorporation of West Musgrave into the BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap will be reviewed following the decision to temporarily
                        suspend the Western Australia Nickel operations.
           
           5.           1.62 per cent is calculated based on the areas of land and water that we stewarded (excluding areas we hold under greenfield exploration licences
                        (or equivalent tenements) and subject to footnote 7) at 30 June 2024 – which was approximately 5,125,935 hectares; an increase of approximately
                        18,750 hectares compared to approximately 5,107,185 hectares at 30 June 2023.
           
           6.           FY2023 values are a restatement of our previously reported 1.3 per cent and 82,132 hectares. The restatement from 82,132 to 79,718 hectares
                        under nature-positive management practices for FY2023 is due to a change in our methodology and associated definitions; with FY2023 values
                        being reported based on GRI Biodiversity 2016 304-3 definitions. The restatement from 1.3 per cent to 1.56 per cent area under nature-positive
                        management practices3 is primarily due to approximately 1.5 million hectares of greenfield exploration licences, which are located outside the
                        area of influence of our existing mine operations, being incorrectly assigned to ‘the land and water we steward’2 component of the Healthy
                        environment goal calculation in FY2023.
           
           7.           While some of the land related to the Daunia and Blackwater mines is pending transfer following BMA’s divestment of these mines on 2 April
                        2024, these areas are no longer under BMA’s control or operated for BMA’s benefit so have been excluded from the areas of land and water we
                        stewarded at 30 June 2024.
           
                                                                                             71
           Nature-related risk and impact management
           Our approach to biodiversity and nature recognises the five key drivers of nature loss (changes in land and sea use, direct exploitation of natural
           resources, pollution, climate change, invasive species), as outlined by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).

           Our primary approach to preventing or minimising our adverse impacts to nature (including air, fresh water and oceans, land and biodiversity) within
           our operational footprint is to apply the mitigation hierarchy. For an example of how we apply the ‘avoid’ pillar refer to our environmental-related
           commitments below.

           >For more information on governance of sustainability topics, including nature, refer to OFR 6.3.


           Our environmental-related commitments are:
           
           •            We do not explore or extract resources within the boundaries of World Heritage listed properties.
           
           •            We do not explore or extract resources adjacent to World Heritage listed properties, unless the proposed activity is compatible with the outstanding
                        universal values for which the World Heritage property is listed.
           
           •            We do not explore or extract resources within or adjacent to the boundaries of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)
                        Protected Areas Categories I to IV, unless a plan is implemented that meets regulatory requirements, takes into account stakeholder and partner
                        (including Indigenous peoples) expectations and contributes to the values for which the protected area is listed.
           
           •            We do not operate where there is a risk of direct impacts to ecosystems that could result in the extinction of an IUCN Red List Threatened Species
                        in the wild.
           
           •            We do not dispose of mined waste rock or tailings into a river or marine environment.
           
           •            We do not use aqueous film forming foams (AFFF) containing per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) at our operated assets. We replace
                        with fluorine free foam products.




For personal use only
           The requirement to apply the mitigation hierarchy, our environmental-related commitments and other Group-wide approaches to environmental
           management are set out in our Environment Global Standard and in mandatory minimum performance requirements for risk management. We released
           an updated Environment Global Standard in April 2024 and key changes include:
           
           •            an increased focus on risk and impact management:
           
                         I.       extends requirements for identifying and assessing nature-related risks to include those within BHP’s supply chain
           
                         II.      requires consideration of impacts and dependencies, physical risks, systemic risks and transition risks when assessing nature-related
                                  risk
           
                         III.     emphasises application of the mitigation hierarchy when identifying, assessing and implementing environment-related controls
           
           •            a new requirement to develop and implement asset-level nature-positive activities and to include these activities within the BHP Healthy
                        environment goal roadmap
           
           •            a new environmental-related commitment to cease use of aqueous film forming foams (AFFF) that contain per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances
                        (PFAS) (a key FY2024 action to reduce our impact associated with one of the five major drivers of nature loss, pollution)
           
           •            enhanced rehabilitation planning commitments

           We are prioritising managing our nature-related risks (including impacts, dependencies, threats and opportunities) within the land and waters we
           steward. In FY2024, BHP commissioned work to improve our process for how we understand and manage nature-related risk in the value chain.

           In FY2024, BHP also introduced a new Global Land Use Permitting (GLUP) system. GLUP is a global software solution developed inhouse to support
           the internal end-to-end compliance requirements of our Land Use Permit process, which is a key control to manage land use disturbance risks and
           support application of the avoid and minimise steps of the mitigation hierarchy. This solution was designed to support the Land Use Permit owners and
           contributors to better understand their obligations and how to manage BHP’s risk to cultural heritage, environment and biodiversity through a simple,
           transparent and collaborative global technology system.

           >For more information on the updated list of nature-related impacts and dependencies that have been evaluated as part of the development of
           the BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap refer to bhp.com/environment

           >For more information on the water-related risks (including impacts, dependencies, threats and opportunities) we take to seek to prevent,
           mitigate or enhance them refer to bhp.com/water

           >For our overarching approach to risk management refer to OFR 8

           >For more information on our environmental approach refer to the Environment Global Standard and our nature-related management and
           governance processes at bhp.com/environment
           
                                                                                             72
           Fresh water and oceans
           Water is integral to what we do and vital to the longevity of BHP. We depend on access to water and cannot operate without it. Our Water Stewardship
           Position Statement outlines our vision for a water secure world by 2030, an aim consistent with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 6,
           and considers ecosystem health, cultural and spiritual values, human rights, communities, Indigenous peoples and economic growth among other
           factors. Our position statement is supported by our Water Stewardship Strategy, which focuses on understanding and managing water-related risk,
           disclosure, contributing to the resolution of shared water challenges, valuing water and sharing innovations and learning.

           Water data and accounting relies on a variety of data sources, including from water modelling, direct measurement and estimation techniques based on
           available known methodologies (e.g. estimation of evaporation from water storages). Recognising that the water models, water balances and
           assumptions used in our water accounting approach contain inherent uncertainty; and in line with our commitment to continuous improvement; we
           continue to review the assumptions and refine our methodology of our water accounts and data.
           




For personal use only
           We continue to seek opportunities to source our water from lower-grade sources rather than use high-quality water resources from the catchments where
           we operate. Key insights from our FY2024 water performance are outlined above.1

           In FY2024, we commenced review and refinement of our water accounts and model at our Western Australia Nickel asset, completing a review at
           Mount Keith. Updates to Leinster’s water model are planned to be rolled out in FY2025. The continuation of this program will be subject to review, and
           there is no current plan to disclose water data from West Musgrave in the future, following the announcement of temporary suspension of operations at
           Western Australia Nickel. In FY2025, we also intend to align Prominent Hill and Carrapateena to ICMM’s Water Reporting, Good Practice Guide (2nd
           Ed) and the Minerals Council of Australia’s Water Accounting Framework, to enable disclosure of water data from these operations from FY2026.


           Context-based water targets
           In our Water Stewardship Position Statement, we committed to develop context-based water targets (CBWTs). These targets were informed by BHP’s
           view of water-related risks in the relevant catchment and by the shared water challenges identified in the Water Resource Situational Analysis (WRSA).
           A WRSA is a holistic assessment and summary of the sustainability, governance, and social, cultural, spiritual, environmental and economic values of
           water (fresh or marine) within a defined catchment area, which provides a rounded understanding of the shared water challenges and collective action
           opportunities for the catchment. The CBWTs aim to improve our internal BHP water management and contribute to collective benefit and shared
           approaches to water management in the regions where we operate. Our CBWTs support BHP’s 2030 Healthy environment goal and are expected to
           contribute to the protection or restoration of water-dependent ecosystems in the vicinity of our operated assets. The CBWTs are underpinned by a series
           of milestones and we delivered all asset-level CBWT2 FY2024 short-term milestones except one at West Australia Nickel, as summarised above.

           In FY2024, we engaged third parties (e.g. universities) to undertake a WRSA at NSWEC, including to review publicly available information and engage
           with partners and stakeholders (e.g. communities, Indigenous groups, policymakers and other private corporations within our catchment areas). Shared
           water challenges were identified through a WRSA. NSWEC’s WRSA was released in August 2024. CBWTs for NSWEC and one of our legacy assets
           are planned to be released in FY2025.


           Footnotes
           
           1.           Water performance data does not include Carrapateena or Prominent Hill operations.
           
           2.           CBWTs are intended to apply at the asset level for our operated assets. Due to the previous divestment review of NSWEC, along with CBWTs for
                        our legacy assets in the United States and Canada, CBWTs for NSWEC and at least one legacy asset area are planned to be released in FY2025.
                        BHP plans to review the suitability of the existing Olympic Dam WRSA and CBWTs during FY2025, following the creation of the Copper South
                        Australia asset, inclusive of Olympic Dam, Carrapateena and Prominent Hill. We expect to review the need to revise or create CBWTs when there
                        are substantial changes to our portfolio or one of our projects moves into the operational phase. The Western Australia Nickel context-based water
                        targets do not include the West Musgrave Project.
           
                                                                                             73
           Beyond BHP’s footprint, we made voluntary contributions to support environmental resilience across the regions where we operate, including through
           thought leadership and action on the ground. For example, in FY2024:
           
           •            We continued to collaborate with the University of Notre Dame to develop a framework for corporations and policymakers to consider the human
                        right to water to support social equity and reduce corporate risk. During FY2024, work continued to make the framework more practical by




For personal use only
                        developing decision support tools and case studies.
           
           •            We continued to progress with the Groundwater Modelling Decision Support Initiative (GDMSI) with partner organisations Rio Tinto and
                        Flinders University to help promote the application of advances in groundwater modelling for environmental and water management decisions.
                        During FY2024, the initiative reviewed the application of numerical groundwater modelling in environmental assessments and delivered a
                        discussion paper on some of the challenges associated with disclosing and addressing technical uncertainty in decisions.
           
           •            BMA has been a member of the Fitzroy Partnership for River Health and Mackay Whitsunday Isaac Healthy Rivers to Reef Partnership since
                        2020 and 2022 respectively, contributing over A$0.55 million to these partnerships in FY2024. One of the key goals of these partnerships is to
                        provide a more complete picture of river and marine health – providing funding, resources and contributing water quality and ecosystem health
                        monitoring data through data-sharing arrangements. In FY2024, the Mackay Whitsunday Isaac Healthy Rivers to Reef ‘Project Blueprint’, water
                        quality monitoring and engagement in the Whitsundays, was expanded to include direct Traditional Owner participation. Project Blueprint has
                        completed over 12 trips and analysed over 360 samples.

           >>For more information on the Fitzroy Partnership for River Health and Mackay Whitsunday Isaac Healthy Rivers to Reef Partnership,
           including annual report reports, refer to riverhealth.org.au and healthyriverstoreef.org.au
           
                                                                                           74
           >For more information on WRSAs and CBWTs, including progress against the targets and longer-term CBWT milestones, refer to
           bhp.com/water and bhp.com/sustainability/environment/water/shared-water-challenges

           > NSWEC’s WRSA is available at bhp.com/sustainability/environment/water/shared-water-challenges/what-is-wrsa

           >Detailed information on water accounting and reporting of metrics required by the ICMM Guidance is available at bhp.com/water

           >For more information on our water performance in FY2024 and case studies on activities we are undertaking to progress towards meeting our
           water stewardship vision refer to bhp.com/water


           Biodiversity
           In accordance with the 2022 Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework BHP acknowledges biodiversity is fundamental to human wellbeing, a
           healthy planet, and economic prosperity for all people.

           We have a Group-level biodiversity strategy that outlines our purpose and strategic priorities, and is designed to inform operational decision-making
           across the full lifecycle of mining operations at our operated assets. The Group-level strategy provides a clear direction that enables alignment of asset-
           level biodiversity and land objectives and supports delivery of the 2030 Healthy environment goal. The focus areas in the biodiversity strategy are
           valuing natural capital, innovation and collaboration, and nature-related disclosures.

           Our work on understanding and managing the value of nature to our business and to the communities where we operate continues to progress following
           the completion of our pilot natural capital accounting (NCA) case study at our Beenup site in Western Australia in FY2023. Further NCA piloting was
           performed in FY2024 at our Olympic Dam operation, as part of a broader project led by Cooperative Research Centre for Transformations in Mining
           Economies (CRC TiME) and CSIRO, with input from the Australian Government Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water,
           and other CRC TiME partners. This project provided inputs to a suite of new resources that has been released to support the mining industry adopting
           NCA – a way of accounting for impacts on nature over the life of projects. The Olympic Dam pilot case study provided new insights into what is
           possible using industry data at an operating asset and revealed the need for a clear underlying rationale to inform the design of decision-useful natural
           capital accounts.




For personal use only
           The BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap includes a preliminary natural capital metrics framework, which considers the ecological status and socio-
           economic value of natural capital assets that we impact and/or depend on. It was applied in FY2024 to establish the initial metrics that are intended to be
           used to measure the impact of BHP’s nature-positive management practices.

           Beyond BHP’s footprint, we made voluntary contributions to support environmental resilience across the regions where we operate, including through
           on-ground action. For example:
           
           •            In FY2024, we finalised our four-year coral reef restoration project with the Woppaburra Traditional Owners, who are the custodians of Sea
                        Country adjacent to our BMA operations in the southern Great Barrier Reef. The project was co-designed by Woppaburra people with some
                        attaining qualifications in coral aquaculture techniques that have led to employment opportunities. Our pilot of the Seascape Framework, which is
                        one of the world’s largest Indigenous created and managed marine conservation initiatives, continued with Conservation International in Lau, Fiji.
           
           •            In FY2024, we renewed our fourth extension of the Bush Blitz Project for a further five years to the end of FY2030. Bush Blitz is Australia’s
                        largest nature discovery program – a unique multi-million-dollar partnership between BHP, the Australian Government and Earthwatch Australia
                        to document plants and animals across the country. Since the program began in 2009, Bush Blitz has discovered more than 2,100 new species and
                        has added thousands of species records to what is already known. Phase 3 of the program, from 1 June 2018 to April 2024, involved 15 field
                        expeditions, which covered 2,966,495 hectares of land and almost 62 square kilometres of sea, making a major contribution to the understanding
                        and conservation of Australia’s biodiversity. During these expeditions, Bush Blitz scientists – supported by BHP employees and educators serving
                        as field research assistants – discovered 311 species new to science. The surveys also engaged hundreds of Indigenous rangers, Traditional
                        Owners, park rangers and other land managers. In particular, Bush Blitz has undertaken research on Indigenous-managed properties, creating
                        positive cultural exchange and learning opportunities for rangers and scientists.
           
           •            Since FY2021, we have partnered with Curtin University on the use of environmental DNA (eDNA) as a novel biomonitoring tool to enable the
                        development of ecosystem condition indices. We have supported five pilot studies that focus on protected species (e.g. the Pilbara olive python),
                        subterranean conservation research, functional ecology of the Chilean wetlands of the Altiplano, and studies to develop new assays that can be
                        used to detect invasive marine species. This work was extended in FY2024 to include research into sampling eDNA from soil and air. In terms of
                        impact, the research has produced 22 scientific publications, supported six post-graduate students, sequenced the first complete genome of the
                        Pilbara olive python, added 391 marine sequences to GenBank, and assembled over 150 new mitochondrial genomes. A Funding Agreement for a
                        further four years of ongoing eDNA research with Curtin University was signed in FY2024.
           
                                                                                             75
           >For more information on our 2030 goals refer to OFR 6.5 and for information on our biodiversity strategy refer to bhp.com/biodiversity

           >For more information on our approach to biodiversity and land management and case studies on activities we are undertaking to progress
           towards meeting our biodiversity aims refer to bhp.com/biodiversity

           >For more information on the CRC TiME and CSIRO NCA project and resources refer to
           crctime.com.au/blog/media-release-new-reports-to-help-test-applicability-of-natural-capital-accounting-in-australias-mining-sector/


           Land
           As at 30 June 2024, BHP owned, leased or managed approximately 8,874,555 hectares of land compared to approximately 8,038,027 hectares as at
           30 June 2023. The approximately 836,528-hectare increase is primarily due to the incorporation of former OZ Minerals Australian land holdings.
           Approximately 2 per cent (approximately 144,634 hectares) of this area has been disturbed for mining operation purposes and approximately 16 per cent
           (approximately 22,885 hectares) of land we have disturbed is currently rehabilitated.

           Most of the area we steward is located in Australia and is for non-operational land uses, such as pastoral leases or land set aside for conservation. BHP’s
           approach to environmental management is tailored to different area types in our portfolio. See Figure below for a visualisation of this.
           




For personal use only

           Atmosphere and air quality
           Clean air is crucial for the health of our people, our host communities and the surrounding ecosystems. We are actively working to improve air quality
           management, with a focus on managing emissions of particulate matter from our operations.
           
                                                                                       76
           Our emission of nitrous oxides, particulates and sulphur dioxide is considered non-material in comparison to global emissions as determined by the GRI
           materiality assessment process. We have extensive particulate monitoring and management programs at some of our operated assets. We report air
           emissions (such as nitrous oxides) as part of the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024, available at bhp.com/sustainability, and discuss our approach
           and management to these on our environment webpage at bhp.com/environment.

           >For more information on our approach to air quality refer to the Pilbara Air Quality Program case study at
           bhp.com/sustainability/environment


           Environmental legal cases
           We have settled ongoing legal cases involving environmental matters for our operated assets. Examples for Lagunillas (Cerro Colorado) and Monturaqui
           (Escondida) are described below.

           Nine fines were issued and paid in FY2024 in relation to environmental laws and regulations at our operated assets. For more information refer to the
           2024 ESG Standards and Databook.


           Lagunillas (Cerro Colorado)
           In 2021, an individual filed an environmental damage claim against Cerro Colorado (CMCC) before the First Environment Court of Antofagasta,
           alleging CMCC’s water extraction from the Lagunillas aquifer had damaged the aquifer, as well as a nearby lagoon and wetlands. The substantive case
           was heard in FY2022. In November 2023, the Environmental Court approved the settlement submitted by the parties, concluding that the environmental
           remediation measures in the agreement are adequate.


           Monturaqui (Escondida)
           In March 2022, the Chilean Environmental Regulator (SMA) sanctioned Escondida, concluding it had breached its environmental permit causing
           irreparable environmental damage due to its water extraction from the Monturaqui aquifer. In March 2022, the SMA imposed a fine of approximately
           US$8.3 million. In February 2023, Escondida filed an appeal before the First Environmental Court seeking to annul the SMA decision. The appeal is




For personal use only
           pending.

           Shortly after the March 2022 SMA decision, two related environmental damage claims were filed in the First Environment Court of Antofagasta.
           Following a hearing in July 2023, the Court is now in a position to render a ruling on the claims’ merits, which we expect could occur within the next 12
           months.


           Engagement
           Beyond our operational activities, we engage across communities, Indigenous peoples’ representatives, government, industry association memberships,
           our customers and suppliers, business and civil society on a range of topics related to environmental management.

           Through our engagement in industry associations, we have provided input into their advocacy with governments on behalf of industry. In FY2024, our
           focus within industry has been on streamlining approvals and permits whilst maintaining environmental standards; recognising environmental, social
           and economic factors must be considered in these processes. Specific examples include:
           
           •            direct and indirect engagement, via the Minerals Council of Australia, with the Australian Government on its Nature Positive law reforms,
                        outlining our alignment with the government’s intent to reform the current national environmental laws so they achieve the right balance between
                        better outcomes for the environment and supporting economic growth, investment and job creation
           
           •            indirect advocacy via the Chilean Mining Council, in relation to a Bill that strengthens environmental management instruments, deepening citizen
                        participation, and providing greater certainty and reduced processing times. We also advocate for the reduction of processing times without
                        weakening environmental standards

           We also partner with others to advance the thinking in our priority areas of action. As an International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) member,
           we have worked with industry peers to develop the ICMM’s nature position statement with associated commitments, which was adopted by ICMM
           members in January 2024.

           >For more information on the ICMM nature position statement refer to icmm.com/en-gb/our-principles/position-statements/nature


           6.11 Community
           Through our business activities and the social, economic and environmental initiatives that accompany them, we can make a significant contribution to
           communities where we operate and to society more broadly. Our operations can also generate impacts for host communities that need to be carefully
           identified, monitored and addressed. This tension challenges us to look for inclusive, innovative and integrated solutions that meet the constantly
           evolving performance expectations that communities and society hold for us. This means the voice of our community stakeholders remains a critical
           input into our short-term response and our long-term vision around community engagement, partnership and investment.

           In FY2024, we continued to manage relevant risks (threats and opportunities) and impacts as well as progressed development of our longer-term
           strategic approach to community engagement. This includes an increased focus on seeking to adopt a ‘co-creation’ approach – involving and providing
           agency for our partners to shape selected initiatives.


           Co-creation
           Co-creation, or co-design, in essence, is a strategic approach involving the integration of diverse partners’ resources, knowledge and networks to resolve
           complex collective challenges or realise more enhanced outcomes through collaboration. It places BHP within a larger ecosystem where stakeholders
           actively participate in project development and delivery. Stakeholders act as valuable contributors to each design process and ideas generated via
           co-creation become integral to a company’s decision-making process. Throughout this Report we use the terms co-creation and co-design
           interchangeably.
           
                                                                                            77
           For the Thriving, empowered communities (TEC) pillar of the social value scorecard, BHP’s experience and learning from external sources have
           demonstrated that integrating a co-creation approach is an opportunity, when adopted in the right circumstances, to generate outcomes that are more
           valued by Indigenous peoples, communities, governments and civil society through an enhanced sense of ownership and benefit. There are also business
           benefits to this approach, including enhanced social value outcomes and impact. As such, the TEC pillar focuses on the adoption of the practice of
           co-designed targets within the 2030 scorecard. In FY2024, we increased our focus on co-creation within our general community approach. This includes
           commencing the development of criteria that provide guidance on co-design practices, processes and assessments against the social value targets within
           the TEC pillar of our social value framework.

           >For more information on our social value scorecard, including our co-creation metrics and milestones, refer to OFR 6.5


           Understanding communities
           Our approach to community engagement and research includes:
           
           •            Community perception surveys – snapshots of the communities where we operate and stakeholders’ perspectives on their community priorities
                        and of sector and BHP performance, completed on a regular basis. As at 30 June 2024, field work for the latest community perceptions survey was
                        underway.
           
           •            Community baseline studies – desktop assessments that provide quantitative and qualitative data on social, cultural, economic and political
                        characteristics of the communities where we operate. The most recent baselines were completed in FY2023 and included all operated and legacy
                        assets and our exploration regions at that time. The former OZ Minerals operations will be included in future community baseline studies.
           
           •            Community and human rights impact and opportunity assessments (CHRIOAs) – analysis of surveys, baseline studies and community stakeholder
                        feedback against asset plans to identify and prioritise potential and actual risks, impacts and opportunities related to local communities where we
                        operate (see the following section for more details).
           
           •            Community engagement and social investment indicators – data collected related to community engagements (e.g. number of community
                        concerns and use of operational grievance mechanisms) and social investment partnerships (e.g. outcome indicators of a particular project) that
                        provide insights to the communities’ relationships with us.




For personal use only
           We continue to track and report instances of community concerns, complaints and grievances received through our operational grievance mechanisms
           and other feedback avenues. In FY2024, there were 600 community concerns and complaints received across our operated assets globally. Of note, 462
           of these related to a mass submission of email communications received in relation to potential impacts of the BMA Caval Ridge Horse Pit Extension
           project during the public disclosure period. The nature of the concerns raised were the same in each submission and included potential impacts to flora
           and fauna, impacts on ground and surface water and the final landform of the project.

           The majority of remaining concerns and complaints related to operational issues, such as dust, road and rail impacts, lighting and noise. Asset complaint
           volumes remained relatively stable from last year’s figures with the exception of BMA (attributed to the Horse Pit Extension project submission as
           detailed above) and a 57 per cent decrease in complaints at NSWEC, through the resolution of an ongoing issue with a single community stakeholder.
           Ten complaints were made by Indigenous communities in Chile which we are seeking to address through ongoing dialogue with those communities.
           Concerns, complaints and grievances from communities connected to the former OZ Minerals assets are expected to be incorporated in the BHP Annual
           Report from FY2025.

           In FY2024, we implemented a new enterprise-wide stakeholder management system that enables us to maintain improved records of community
           engagements and our commitments. This system also incorporates an updated external facing complaints and grievance portal designed to improve
           accessibility for community members to provide direct feedback to us. We intend to launch the enhanced portal for the system in FY2025. We also
           updated our internal standards, designed to provide improved guidance for community engagement and social performance leading practice as well as to
           enhance integration with our existing business processes, such as asset planning and risk assessments.

           >For more information on stakeholder concerns reflecting entries received through our local grievance mechanisms, local stakeholder
           engagement and ongoing community research, including community perception surveys, refer to the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024
           at bhp.com/ESGStandards2024

           We recognise many of the communities where we operate rely on mining and associated activities to support their livelihoods. We aim to ensure change
           and transitions are equitable and deliberately considered across the lifecycle of our business and for the communities where we operate.

           >For information on our approach to equitable change and transition, including equitable change and transition at our Mt Arthur coal mine,
           refer to the BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2024 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024


           Community and human rights impact and opportunity assessments
           In FY2024, building on the results of the community and human rights baseline studies completed for all operated assets and certain exploration regions
           in FY2023, we developed and commenced implementation of a globally consistent methodology for community and human rights impact and
           opportunity assessments (CHRIOAs), which identified and prioritised potential impacts, risks and opportunities related to the local communities where
           we operate. The approach was trialled at all our operated assets (excluding the former OZ Minerals assets) and selected exploration regions. This
           enabled identification of the potential community and human rights impacts and opportunities most prevalent to each region while also supporting a
           global view of recurring issues, which can help us identify potential opportunities for company-wide action or collaboration. The identified risks,
           impacts and opportunities are being evaluated and are expected to be embedded within asset and relevant functions’ FY2025 risk profiles. The highest
           priority areas for each operating region are detailed in the map below, with US legacy assets and Exploration prioritising water access and pollution as
           the key CHRIOA priority risk areas. In FY2025, we plan to further embed the CHRIOA process through the integration of identified risks (threats and
           opportunities) into asset risk profiles to enable action. We also expect to include the former OZ Minerals assets in this process in future years.
           
                                                                                             78
           As we acquire assets in new areas, we may be exposed to additional human rights risks. For information on our approach to addressing modern slavery




For personal use only
           risks in our operations and supply chains, refer to the BHP Group Modern Slavery Statement 2024.

           >For more information on our approach to community refer to bhp.com/communities


           6.12 Indigenous peoples
           Indigenous peoples are important partners for BHP’s activities. Across our Minerals Australia and Minerals Americas activities, BHP operates on or
           close to the traditional lands of Indigenous peoples and we have a deep respect for their distinct cultures, rights, perspectives and aspirations. BHP is
           committed to working collaboratively with Indigenous peoples to develop long-term partnerships based on trust and mutual benefit as set out in our
           Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement. It is through this commitment that we aim to support reconciliation with Indigenous peoples and contribute to
           improved social, economic and environmental outcomes.

           In FY2024, we developed and introduced procedures for projects and new operations to identify and assess the severity of potential adverse impacts to
           Indigenous peoples’ and to engage and consult Indigenous peoples to understand how we can seek to avoid and mitigate adverse impacts, with the
           intention of substantially addressing potentially impacted Indigenous peoples’ ambitions and concerns. We have also introduced new procedures for
           projects and new operations to engage with and seek to obtain ‘free, prior and informed consent’ (FPIC) from potentially impacted Indigenous peoples
           in accordance with the approach set out in our Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement. Where gaps exist between the host government’s laws and
           regulations about consultation with Indigenous peoples and BHP’s approach to FPIC, our policies require that BHP apply the higher standard. All
           projects and proposed new operations are required to submit progress reports to senior management across the project lifecycle to report on progress or
           any challenges to satisfying BHP’s FPIC procedures. In FY2025, we aim to continue to strengthen our internal systems for collecting and reporting on
           the global management of risks to Indigenous peoples and FPIC processes with Indigenous peoples.

           During FY2024, we progressed work in relation to further developing how we will approach Indigenous Cultural and Intellectual Property (ICIP) and
           Data Sovereignty in line with the principle set out in our Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement. We plan to continue this work into FY2025, which we
           expect to inform the design of our standards and processes for the collection, access and reuse of cultural information that pertains to Indigenous
           peoples.
           
                                                                                        79
           Indigenous partnerships
           Under the Indigenous partnerships pillar of our social value framework, we have set ourselves the goal of delivering respectful relationships that hear
           and act upon the distinct perspectives, aspirations and rights of Indigenous peoples and support the delivery of mutually beneficial and jointly defined
           outcomes (refer to OFR 6.5). We have committed to report annually on metrics for Indigenous employee representation, Indigenous procurement, our
           ‘progress to plan’ against the co-designed Indigenous Peoples Plans in each region where we operate, and about actions to improve the health of our
           relationships with those Indigenous peoples.




For personal use only
           Relationship health
           In FY2024, we completed an inaugural assessment of the health of our relationships with a range of our Indigenous partners. We engaged global
           research firm, Ipsos, to independently gather feedback on a confidential basis from a number of BHP’s Indigenous partners in Australia, Canada and
           Chile where we operate our assets. In total, representatives from 17 of 26 Indigenous partner organisations who were contacted to take part in the
           inaugural assessment agreed to participate. All organisations that were contacted for the inaugural assessment have current agreements with BHP or are
           located on or near our operations. The feedback indicated that relationships had been strained in the past. While BHP is making some progress in its
           relationships with Indigenous partners, there is still more to do to achieve our goal of delivering respectful relationships that hear and act upon the
           distinct perspectives, aspirations and rights of Indigenous peoples and support the delivery of mutually beneficial and jointly defined outcomes.
           Recommendations for improvement include more resourcing and empowerment of BHP’s Indigenous Engagement teams, and greater involvement for
           Indigenous partners in BHP decision-making around employment, procurement and community initiatives to ensure opportunities are available to
           Indigenous peoples at the community level. The feedback also indicated that some Indigenous partners desire a greater level of involvement from BHP
           in community engagements, such as in cultural events and informal meetings. The relationship health results varied across the different countries
           covered in the assessment and is broadly summarised as:

           Canada: The five Canadian Indigenous organisations that participated reported a positive trajectory in their relationship health with BHP and expressed
           the most optimism in their feedback on the future potential of relationships. Key personnel at BHP were seen to instigate respectful, meaningful and
           genuine engagements with Indigenous communities. This has helped create trust in BHP’s commitment to deliver positive outcomes through community
           investments and initiatives. Some areas of concern included past instances of cultural disrespect and that proactive steps to understand Indigenous
           history and culture were not always consistently applied. In some instances, there was frustration expressed about communications and transparency, as
           well as present levels of Indigenous employment representation. The feedback indicates desire to see more two-way dialogue with decision-makers
           established. Looking to the future, Canadian Indigenous partners expressed a high degree of optimism at the economic opportunities at the Jansen
           operation. To maintain this optimism, partners in Canada seek increased Indigenous representation in decision-making processes and positions and
           expect a stronger focus on training and upskilling so that Indigenous peoples may increase their employability to work for BHP.

           Australia: The six Australian Indigenous organisations that participated indicated there had been an improvement in relationship health from the past to
           the present. Many of the improvements in overall relationship health were attributed to key personnel at BHP who advocate strongly for Indigenous
           partners and who conduct their engagements respectfully with long-term goals of Indigenous advancement in mind. The establishment of Indigenous
           Engagement and Cultural Heritage teams and greater direct engagement from BHP senior leaders in Australia were seen as improvements. However, the
           feedback also indicates only marginal improvement from the present to the future for our relationships in Australia. Some Indigenous partners reported
           that relationships can still feel transactional and lacked continuity. In some instances, there was a view expressed that BHP could provide more
           commercial and employment opportunities to Indigenous partners and improve the accessibility of its systems and processes. These factors contributed
           to a less optimistic outlook about the future state of the relationship compared to the other jurisdictions. There was a desire expressed by Australian
           Indigenous partners to see more Indigenous peoples advancing to more senior roles in BHP. Partners also expressed a desire to see more social
           investment initiatives that benefit more groups. These changes, along with more frequent engagement with decision-makers, were seen as necessary
           steps to build trust and to help move towards more respectful relationships based on mutual benefit in the future.
           
                                                                                       80
           Chile: The six Chilean Indigenous organisations that participated indicated they had seen modest improvement in relationship health from the past to the
           present and were more optimistic in their view on the future. Indigenous partners in Chile perceive inadequacies in the opportunities and operational and
           environmental protections offered by the national legal system and they expect BHP to set a higher standard. There was a perception that BHP had
           prioritised commercial outcomes in the past and there had, in some cases, been inadequate recognition and understanding of Chilean culture and values.
           Some partners continue to perceive protections as inadequate in managing environmental impacts and want to see BHP enhance cultural protections,
           improve access to areas that hold cultural meaning and implement measures to minimise the health impacts of mining on communities. More generally,
           partners expressed a desire to see BHP be more proactive in engagement with a broader range of the community, including those that are not recognised
           by Chilean legal structures. Partners believe employment and training opportunities could be better geared to Indigenous staff and skillsets in the
           community to improve levels of Indigenous employment. There appears to be an openness from Indigenous partners to continue engaging to improve
           relationships with BHP in Chile.
           




For personal use only
           Each interview was structured around one theme: How would you rate the overall health of the organisation/entity’s relationship with BHP over three
           time periods in considering the past, present and future of the relationship? Responses were recorded as a rating from zero to 10. Our regional
           Indigenous Peoples Plans are being considered in light of the partner feedback received and to identify areas of focus within the actions set under those
           plans.


           Progress to plan
           We are making progress with our commitments in the global Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement and the social value framework to incorporate
           ‘Indigenous voices and perspectives’ into co-designed priorities, as set out in the Indigenous Peoples Plans in each region where we operate.

           We ‘partially met’ our FY2024 social value scorecard short-term milestone ‘Indigenous voices and perspectives are incorporated into co-designed
           priorities in each region’ as two out of three countries have published a co-designed regional Indigenous Peoples Plan that has incorporated the voices
           and perspectives of Indigenous peoples. Australia published its Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) in FY2023. Canada approved its Canada Indigenous
           Partnerships Plan (CIPP) in FY2024. Chile is still developing its regional Indigenous Peoples Plan and hopes to publish it in FY2026.

           Australia: Minerals Australia released its RAP in FY2023.1 There were 25 RAP targets that were due to be achieved in FY2024; of this, 21 targets were
           completed in full and we also completed our reforms to embed four ongoing RAP targets into standard business requirements. RAP targets have been
           embedded in BHP’s business planning process and performance is measured regularly through a new RAP performance dashboard with live data and
           scorecards. The BHP RAP Governance and Accountability Framework has seen the development of the BHP Australian Indigenous Peoples Working
           Group (AIPWG) that is attended by the Minerals Australia Business President and Chief Legal, External Affairs and Governance Officer.

           Canada: Minerals Americas approved its first Canada Indigenous Partnerships Plan (CIPP) in FY2024. The plan assists BHP to operationalise our
           global Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement and respond to the Truth & Reconciliation Call to Action 92 for businesses in Canada. The CIPP signifies
           the journey towards greater co-creation and to develop impactful partnerships, deliver on Indigenous employment and procurement targets, as well as
           support the wellbeing of Indigenous peoples through internal cultural awareness training and social investment activities. Implementation of the CIPP is
           expected to begin in Q1 of FY2025.

           Chile: In FY2024, Minerals Americas designed the process for developing an Indigenous Peoples Plan for Chile and is expected to commence
           consultations with Indigenous peoples in FY2025 to start to co-design the plan. We aim to publish the plan in FY2026.


           Indigenous procurement and employee participation
           We are making progress against our social value scorecard metrics for Indigenous employee participation and Indigenous procurement. Indigenous
           employment teams developed and implemented Indigenous workforce initiatives in FY2024 to help provide pathways to employment, support our
           Indigenous workforce, build a more culturally capable non-Indigenous workforce and meet our employment metrics. In Australia, our Indigenous
           employment was at 8.3 per cent in FY2024, down from 8.6 per cent in FY2023, and our target is to reach 9.7 per cent by FY2027. In Chile, our
           Indigenous employment was at 10.1 per cent in FY2024, up from 9.7 per cent in FY2023, and we surpassed our target to reach 10 per cent by FY2025.
           In Canada, our Indigenous employment was at 11.2 per cent in FY2024, up from 7.7 per cent in FY2023, and our target is to reach 20 per cent by
           FY2026.
           
                                                                                       81
           > For more information on our employee data and approach refer to OFR 6.6

           In FY2024, we continued to improve engagement with Indigenous businesses across all our operating locations.2 Compared to FY2023, our direct
           global spend with Indigenous businesses increased by 83 per cent to US$609 million in FY2024 and the number of Indigenous vendors engaged rose by
           20 per cent to 263. Through this effort, we have seen continued growth in spend with Indigenous businesses across our Australian assets with FY2024
           direct spend of US$458 million up from US$267.5 million in FY2023 in line with our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) commitments. In Canada,
           spend with Indigenous business partnerships during FY2024 totalled US $151 million continuing the focus on these opportunities since the sanctioning
           of Jansen Stage 1.


           Footnotes
           
           1.           For more information about the Australian RAP refer to bhp.com/-/media/project/bhp1ip/bhp-com-en/documents/careers/indigenous-peoplesand-
                        bhp/200921_bhpreconciliationactionplan.pdf.
           
           2.           For definitions for Indigenous businesses in each operating location refer to the ESG Standards and Databook 2024.


           Minerals Australia
           BHP held its second annual Traditional Owners’ Forum in Brisbane in November 2023 with strong representation from Traditional Owner groups from
           around Australia. BHP sought input from Traditional Owners to co-create the 2023 agenda, and the themes of discussion provided an opportunity to
           reflect and speak honestly on BHP’s performance and delivery in the context of Traditional Owner experiences.

           We have undertaken consultation in FY2024 to understand the elements of an effective and sustainable model for an Indigenous advisory body in
           Minerals Australia, and, once developed, the advisory body will shape BHP’s understanding and implementation of commitments in the RAP, until the
           end of FY2027.

           A Cultural Heritage Standard that was developed in FY2023 by the Minerals Australia Cultural Heritage team was embedded in all BHP operated assets
           in Minerals Australia in FY2024. This Standard considers leading international and national frameworks and aims to enable mining activity while
           simultaneously encouraging the voices of relevant First Nations/Indigenous peoples to be at the forefront of decision-making processes on heritage




For personal use only
           matters through the mining lifecycle.

           In FY2024, one new Heritage Agreement and 11 new Cultural Heritage Management Plans were successfully negotiated with Indigenous communities.
           These Cultural Heritage Management Plans mainly covered existing operations at WAIO and BMA to modernise existing government approvals. In line
           with our social value approach, new heritage protection areas were also agreed through the Cultural Heritage Management Plans and projects supported
           with communities to culturally map these places for knowledge transfer and wider community benefits.


           Minerals Americas
           Chile
           In FY2024, Escondida developed a new Indigenous partnership strategy, which aims to build a stable, long-term relationship, based on trust and mutual
           benefits, with the five Indigenous communities of Borde Sur: Peine, Talabre, Socaire, Camar and Toconao. The strategy is focused on resolving past
           grievances, honoring commitments and creating opportunities for regular and structured dialogue between Escondida and Indigenous communities that
           will contribute to improved relationships, build greater trust and proactively address community concerns. In FY2024, Escondida updated its
           Community Relationship Strategy with the Indigenous community of Peine, which is focused on building and maintaining a long-term relationship.
           Meetings have been held with Peine to help inform the project of progressive closure of the Monturaqui well field.

           Our Cerro Colorado operation is planning the execution of several projects for the next five to seven years, including: care and maintenance activities,
           closure works on the Parca Slope, geo/hydro physical drillings and the Cerro Colorado Life Extension (CCLE) project. All projects will be executed on
           the Cerro Colorado mine site and surrounding territories, which are on lands that are neighbouring the villages of Parca, Iquiuca, Quipisca and Mamiña,
           among others. These areas are under a Chilean state’s special administrative regime (Área de Desarrollo Indígena) and are subject to territorial claims by
           different Indigenous organisations. We are engaging with Indigenous peoples to include their voices during the study phases for these projects. Despite
           experiencing challenges with some engagements, Cerro Colorado is working on an update of the strategy with Indigenous communities, aimed at
           reaching agreements with as many communities/associations as possible.


           Canada
           In FY2024, we started to operationalise two draft milestones in the Canadian Indigenous Partnership Plan (CIPP) while it was under development. The
           recommended review and refresh of our internal Indigenous awareness training that is delivered to all employees and contractors that work at our Jansen
           site is underway and will include Indigenous perspectives in the Effective Leadership training. Additionally, Human Resources conducted an external
           review of the human resources policies to support Indigenous inclusion. A new employee resource group for Indigenous employees located in Canada,
           Indigenous@BHP Canada, was created in FY2024 and has been meeting regularly to determine how best to support recruitment, retention and
           advancement for current and future Indigenous employees.


           Legacy assets
           BHP owns more than 20 former copper, uranium and other mine sites, called legacy assets, in the US southwest and across Canada. Many of these sites
           are in the traditional territories of Native American Tribes and First Nations. The legacy assets are in a state of closure or post-closure and focused on
           tailings and water management, risk mitigation and technical studies, closure and environmental remediation projects, and general site care and
           maintenance. We recognise closure is a long-term process, and that Indigenous peoples have an interest in seeing the sites returned to as close to a
           natural state as possible. BHP engages with Indigenous groups near our legacy assets and is in varying stages of resetting or establishing collaborative
           working relationships and partnerships.


           Resolution Copper
           Resolution Copper Mining is owned by Rio Tinto (55 per cent) and BHP (45 per cent), and managed by Rio Tinto. We acknowledge the Resolution
           Copper project area includes areas of cultural significance for Native American Tribes and their members, and is the subject of ongoing litigation.
           Development of the project continues to be studied and remains subject to regulatory reviews by federal, state and local governments. Resolution
           Copper Mining continues to cooperatively engage in these regulatory processes and has publicly stated its commitment to deepening ongoing
           engagement with Native American Tribes and stakeholders to understand and seek to mitigate potential adverse impacts, while also collaborating to
           create shared value opportunities. We are monitoring Resolution Copper Mining’s engagement, FPIC and agreement-making processes.
           
                                                                                           82
           6.13 Independent Assurance Report to the Management and Directors of BHP Group Limited (‘BHP’)

           Not required for US reporting.
           
                                                                           83




For personal use only
           7 Samarco
           Fundão dam failure
           As a result of the Fundão dam failure in November 2015, a significant volume of tailings (39.2 million cubic metres) resulting from the iron ore
           beneficiation process was released. Tragically, 19 people died as a result of the failure. The communities of Bento Rodrigues, Paracatu de Baixo and
           Gesteira were flooded and other communities and the environment downstream in the Doce River basin were also affected.

           Samarco restarted its operations at a reduced production level in December 2020 and is currently operating at 31 per cent of its production capacity.

           >For information on Samarco’s operations refer to OFR 5.3


           Our response and support for the Foundation
           Following the dam failure, BHP Brasil1 has been and remains fully committed to supporting the extensive ongoing remediation and compensation
           efforts of Renova Foundation in Brazil. BHP Brasil’s commitment to collectively seek solutions for a full, fair and definitive response remains
           unwavering.

           In March 2016, a Framework Agreement entered into between Samarco, Vale, BHP Brasil and relevant Brazilian authorities established the Renova
           Foundation, a not-for-profit, private foundation responsible for implementing 42 remediation and compensatory programs. BHP Brasil, along with
           Samarco and Vale, provide support and funding to the Renova Foundation, including through representation in its governance structures.

           As of 30 June 2024, the Renova Foundation has spent R$37 billion (approximately US$7.7 billion) on remediation and compensation programs, of
           which approximately US$2.6 billion has been provided by BHP Brasil.


           Renova Foundation
           Compensation and financial assistance
           The Renova Foundation continues to provide compensation to people impacted by the dam failure, oversees an extensive community resettlement




For personal use only
           program and manages measures to remediate the environment affected.

           Compensation and financial assistance of approximately R$17.5 billion (approximately US$3.5 billion)2 as of 30 June has been paid to support
           approximately 430,000 people affected by the dam failure. This includes:
           
           •            Approximately R$12.2 billion (approximately US$2.5billion)2 paid to approximately 110,000 people under the court-mandated simplified
                        indemnity system (known as the Novel system). The Novel system was designed to provide compensation for informal workers who have had
                        difficulty proving the damages they suffered, such as cart drivers, sand miners, artisanal miners and street vendors. The court determined the
                        closure of the Novel system for new entries in September 2023.
           
           •            Approximately 33,000 people received emergency financial assistance.
           
           •            Approximately 39,000 people received general damages (including for loss of life, injury, property damage, business impacts, loss of income and
                        moral damages) and more than 290,000 people have been paid a total of approximately R$305.6 million (approximately US$69 million)2 for
                        temporary water interruption.

           >For updates on reparation progress refer to bhp.com/what-we-do/global-locations/brazil/samarco-reparations

           Resettlement
           A key priority for the Renova Foundation is the resettlement of the communities of Novo Bento Rodrigues, Paracatu and Gesteira. For Novo Bento
           Rodrigues and Paracatu, priority efforts included construction of houses and private property, such as small businesses and churches, as well as
           infrastructure and public services, including roads, power, water and sewer networks, health and services centres and schools. At Gesteira, pursuant to an
           agreement finalised in May 2023 and ratified by the court, families and the public authorities have opted to receive compensation instead of building a
           new community.

           As at 30 June 2024, approximately 91 per cent of resettlement cases have been completed, either via completion of construction (with families moving
           in or handover to families in progress) or cash payment for those families who have opted for this option instead of the other resettlement solutions
           offered by the Renova Foundation. More than 260 families are now living in their new homes in Novo Bento Rodrigues and Paracatu, as well as other
           locations.3


           Footnotes
           
                         1.       BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda (BHP Brasil) and Vale S.A. (Vale) are 50:50 shareholders in Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco), the
                                  independent operator of Samarco.
           
                         2.       USD amount is calculated based on actual transactional (historical) exchange rates related to Renova funding.
           
                         3.       For those families who chose not to join the resettlement with their previous community and instead resettled elsewhere.

           Novo Bento Rodrigues and Paracatu are now functioning communities. Water treatment stations, a health centre, a church, a football field, as well as
           multiple businesses are operating, including supermarkets, restaurants, bars, retail shops and service stations. Additionally, community-led traditional
           festivities, such as Carnival and other religious events, are taking place regularly in both towns.

           The resettlements have involved ongoing engagement and consultation with a large number of stakeholders, including the affected community members,
           their technical advisers, state prosecutors, municipal leaders, regulators and other interested parties.

           The new towns were designed on land chosen by the communities to be as close as possible to the previous layout, addressing the wishes and needs of
           the families and communities while also meeting permitting requirements. Each family receives access to an architect to design their house within size
           parameters, which is then finalised and built by the Renova Foundation.

           Mandated COVID-19 workforce restrictions and suspensions of works on-site from 2020 to 2022, increases to the technical scope for resettlement of the
           communities and permitting delays have impacted the timeline for completion. Ongoing efforts to accelerate completions while maintaining the safety
           requirements continued throughout FY2024.
           
                                                                                             84
           >For updates on reparation progress refer to bhp.com/what-we-do/global-locations/brazil/samarco-reparations


           Other socio-economic programs
           The Renova Foundation continues to implement a wide range of socio-economic programs in addition to compensation and resettlement programs.
           These programs cover health and infrastructure projects in the Doce River basin, promotion of economic development in the impacted communities and
           sewage treatment facilities to further improve the water quality in the Doce River.
           Regarding infrastructure projects, the Risoleta Neves Hydroelectric Power Plant (Candonga), which was shut down after the Fundão dam failure,
           restarted its operations in the state of Minas Gerais in March 2023. Additionally, 18 new water pipelines have been built in the Doce River, including
           one to serve the population of Governador Valadares, the biggest city in the river basin, and 19 water treatment supply systems have been upgraded to
           provide alternative water sources.


           Environmental remediation
           Since December 2019, the impacted riverbanks and floodplains have been vegetated, river margins stabilised and in general, water quality and sediment
           qualities have returned to historic levels. The Renova Foundation continues implementing long-term monitoring and compensatory initiatives.

           The Brazilian Water Agency, a federal body responsible for the implementation of Brazilian water resources, has classified the water from the Doce
           River as Class II, which means the water can be used for human consumption after conventional treatment, the protection of aquatic habitats and
           primary contact recreation, such as swimming, water skiing and diving, among other things. This is supported by approximately 1.5 million pieces of
           data generated annually along the Doce River by the largest watercourse monitoring system in Brazil, which is led by the Renova Foundation together
           with six public agencies, including the National Water and Sanitation Agency. Additionally, according to information provided by municipalities and
           water supply institutions, since December 2015 most of the population in the Doce River basin is using and consuming the river water after conventional
           treatment.

           To further improve water quality in the Doce River, as compensation, the Renova Foundation has made R$840 million (approximately US$174 million)
           available for sanitation projects to prevent pollution from untreated sewage, given approximately 270 million cubic metres of untreated sewage is
           deposited into the Doce River every year – approximately six times the volume of non-toxic tailings that was released from Fundão. Additionally,




For personal use only
           R$1.7 billion (approximately US$352 million) was made available for forest recovery. It is intended that in total 40,000 hectares and 5,000 springs will
           be fully restored in a partnership with approximately 2,000 rural properties.

           A ban on fishing activities along the coast of Espírito Santo and a precautionary conservation restriction preventing fishing for native fish species in the
           Doce River in Minas Gerais remain in place. The Renova Foundation continues to engage with authorities with the goal of lifting the restrictions.

           >For updates on reparation progress refer to bhp.com/what-we-do/global-locations/brazil/samarco-reparations


           Legal proceedings
           BHP Group Limited, BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly BHP Group Plc) and BHP Brasil are involved in legal proceedings relating to the Fundão dam
           failure.
           BHP Brasil, Samarco, Vale and several public authorities have been engaging in negotiations to seek a definitive and substantive settlement of certain
           claims relating to the Fundão dam failure.

           >For information on the significant legal proceedings and settlement negotiation process involving BHP refer to Additional information 8


           8 How we manage risk
           Risk management helps us to protect and create value, and is central to achieving our purpose and strategic objectives. Our Risk Framework has four
           pillars: risk strategy, risk governance, risk process and risk intelligence.

           Risks associated with the organisations, businesses or assets that we acquire are transitioned to BHP’s Risk Framework as part of integration activities,
           which generally involves a transitional period. Risk integration of our OZ Minerals assets (excluding the OZ Minerals Brazil assets which are subject to
           ongoing strategic review) remains on track for completion by the end of CY2024.


           Risk strategy
           Risk classification
           We classify all risks to which BHP is exposed using our Group Risk Architecture. This is a tool designed to identify, analyse, monitor and report risk,
           which provides a platform to understand and manage risks. Similar risks are considered together in groups and categories. This is designed to give the
           Board and management visibility over the aggregate exposure to risks on a Group-wide basis and support performance monitoring and reporting against
           BHP’s risk appetite.
           
                                                                                        85
           Risk appetite
           BHP’s Risk Appetite Statements, aligned to our Group Risk Architecture, are approved by the Board and are a foundational element of our Risk
           Framework. They provide guidance to management on the amount and type of risk we seek to take in pursuing our objectives.


           Key risk indicators
           Key risk indicators (KRIs) are set by management to help monitor performance against our risk appetite. They also support decision-making by
           providing management with information about financial and non-financial risk exposure at a Group level. Each KRI has a target, or optimal level of risk
           we seek to take, as well as upper and lower limits. Where either limit is exceeded, management will review potential causes to understand if BHP may
           be taking too little or too much risk and to identify whether further action is required.


           Risk culture
           Our risk management approach is underpinned by a risk culture that supports decision-making in accordance with BHP’s values, objectives and risk
           appetite. We use a common foundation across BHP to build the tools and capabilities required to enable us to understand, monitor and manage our risk
           culture. These include the risk-culture assessments undertaken as part of our internal audit plan.


           Strategic business decisions
           Strategic business decisions and the pursuit of our strategic objectives can inform, create or affect risks to which BHP is exposed. These risks may
           represent opportunities as well as threats. Our Risk Appetite Statements and KRIs assist in determining whether a proposed course of action is consistent
           with BHP’s risk appetite.

           Our focus when managing risks associated with strategic business decisions is to enable the pursuit of high-reward strategies. Therefore, as well as
           having controls designed to protect BHP from threats, we seek to implement controls to enable and/or enhance opportunities.


           Risk governance




For personal use only
           Three lines model
           BHP uses the ‘three lines model’ to define the role of different teams across the organisation in managing risk. This approach sets clear accountabilities
           for risk management and provides appropriate ‘checks and balances’ to support us in protecting and growing value.

           The first line is provided by our frontline staff, operational management and people in functional roles – anyone who makes decisions, deploys resources
           or contributes to an outcome is responsible for identifying and managing the associated risks.

           The Risk team and other second-line teams are responsible for providing expertise, support, monitoring and challenge on risk-related matters, including
           by defining Group-wide minimum standards.

           The third line, our Internal Audit team, is responsible for providing independent and objective assurance over the control environment (governance, risk
           management and internal controls) to the Board (including applicable Board Committees) and Executive Leadership Team. Additional assurance may
           also be provided by external providers, such as our External Auditor.

           The Risk team and Internal Audit team are led by the Chief Risk and Audit Officer. This structure facilitates overall effectiveness of both teams,
           including through alignment of second- and third-line assurance activities across BHP, while maintaining the independence of our Internal Audit team
           through appropriate safeguards.


           BHP Board and Committees
           The Board reviews and monitors the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of financial and non-financial risk management and internal control. The
           broad range of skills, experience and knowledge of the Board assists in providing a diverse view on risk management. The Risk and Audit Committee
           (RAC) and Sustainability Committee assist the Board by reviewing and considering BHP’s material risk profile (covering operational, strategic and
           emerging risks) on a biannual basis.

           Risk management performance is monitored and reported to the RAC, as well as the Sustainability Committee for health, safety, environment and
           community matters, supporting the Board to challenge and hold management to account.


           For information on other Board Committee activities that support risk governance at BHP refer to Corporate Governance Statement 5
           Risk process
           Our Risk Framework requires identification and management of risks (both threats and opportunities) to be embedded in business activities through the
           following process:
           
           •            Risk identification – threats and opportunities are identified and each is assigned an owner or accountable individual.
           
           •            Risk assessments – risks are assessed using appropriate and internationally recognised techniques to determine their potential impacts and
                        likelihood, prioritise them and inform risk treatment options.
           
           •            Risk treatment – controls are implemented to prevent, minimise and/or mitigate threats, and enable and/or enhance opportunities.
           
           •            Monitoring and review – risks and controls are reviewed periodically and on an ad hoc basis (including where there are high-potential events or
                        changes in the external environment) to evaluate performance.
           
           •            Communication – relevant information is recorded in our enterprise risk management system to support continuous improvement and share risk
                        intelligence across the Group.

           Our Risk Framework includes requirements and guidance on the tools and processes to manage current and emerging risks.
           
                                                                                              86
           Current risks
           Current risks are risks that could impact BHP today or in the near future and comprise current operational risks (risks that have their origin inside BHP
           or occur as a result of our activities) and current strategic risks (risks that may enhance or impede the achievement of our strategic objectives).

           Current risks include material and non-material risks (as defined by our Risk Framework). The materiality of a current risk is determined by estimating
           the maximum foreseeable loss (MFL) if that risk were to materialise. The MFL is the estimated impact to BHP in a worst-case scenario without regard
           to probability and assuming all controls, including insurance and hedging contracts, are ineffective.


           For more information on our risk factors refer to OFR 8.1
           Our focus for current risks is to prevent their occurrence or minimise their impact should they occur, but we also consider how to maximise possible
           benefits that might be associated with strategic risks (as described in the Risk strategy section). Current material risks are required to be evaluated once a
           year at a minimum to determine whether our exposure to the risk is within our target range.


           Emerging risks
           Emerging risks are newly developing or changing risks that are highly uncertain and difficult to quantify. They are generally driven by external
           influences and often cannot be prevented by BHP.

           BHP maintains a ‘watch list’ of emerging themes and monitors associated signals to interpret external events and trends, providing an evolving view of
           the changing external environment and how it might impact our business. We use the watch list and signal monitoring to support the identification and
           management of emerging risks, as well as to inform and test our corporate strategy.

           Once identified, our focus for emerging risks is on structured monitoring of the external environment, advocacy efforts to reduce the likelihood of the
           threats manifesting and identifying options to increase our resilience to these threats.


           Risk intelligence




For personal use only
           The Risk team provides the RAC, Sustainability Committee and senior management with insights on risk management across BHP. Risk reports may
           include trends, aggregate exposure and performance for our most significant risks, updates on the Risk Framework and risk management priorities, an
           overview of (and material changes in) BHP’s material risk profile and updates on emerging risk themes and signals.

           We maintain a risk insights dashboard designed to provide current, data-driven and actionable risk intelligence to our people at all levels of the business
           to support decision-making. This tool empowers the business to manage risks more effectively, with increased accuracy and transparency.

           The Board, RAC and Sustainability Committee also receive other reports to support the Board to review and monitor the effectiveness of BHP’s systems
           of financial and non-financial risk management. Examples of these include internal audit reports, ethics and investigations reports, compliance reports
           and the Chief Executive Officer’s report.

           For information on our risk factors refer to OFR 8.1


           8.1 Risk factors
           Our risk factors are described below and may occur as a result of our activities globally, including in connection with our operated and non-operated
           assets, third parties engaged by BHP or through our value chain. These risks, individually or collectively, could threaten our strategy, business model,
           future performance, solvency or liquidity and reputation. They could also materially and adversely affect the health and safety of our people or members
           of the public, the environment, the communities where we or our third-party partners and providers operate, or the interests of our partners and
           stakeholders, which could in each case lead to litigation, regulatory investigations or enforcement actions (including class actions or actions arising from
           contractual, legacy or other liabilities associated with divested assets), or a loss of partner, stakeholder and/or investor confidence. References to
           ‘financial performance’ include our financial condition and liquidity, including due to decreased profitability or increased operating costs, capital spend,
           remediation costs or contingent liabilities. BHP may also be exposed to risks that we currently believe to be immaterial that may materially affect our
           business if they occur.


           Risk factor: Operational events
           Risks associated with operational events in connection with our activities globally, resulting in significant adverse impacts on our people, communities,
           the environment or our business.


           Why is this important to BHP?
           We engage in activities that have previously caused and have the potential to further cause harm to our people and assets, communities, other
           stakeholders and/or the environment, including serious injuries, illness and fatalities, loss of infrastructure, amenities and livelihood, and damage to sites
           of cultural significance. An operational event at our operated or non-operated assets or through our value chain could also cause damage or disruptions
           to our assets and operations, impact our financial performance, result in litigation or class actions and cause long-term damage to our licence to operate
           and reputation. Potential physical climate-related impacts could increase the likelihood and/or severity of risks associated with operational events.
           Impacts of operational events may also be amplified if one event triggers another (for example, a geotechnical instability event that causes a failure in a
           nearby tailings storage facility) or if we fail to respond to any events in a way that is consistent with our corporate values and partner and stakeholder
           expectations.


           Examples of potential threats
           
           •            Air, land (road and rail) and marine transportation events (such as aircraft crashes or vessel collisions, groundings or hydrocarbon release) that
                        occur while transporting people, supplies or products, including to or from exploration, operation or customer locations. These locations may be in
                        or require travel through areas of cultural significance or remote and environmentally sensitive areas, including in Australia, South America, Asia,
                        the United States, Canada and Sweden.
           
                                                                                             87
           •            Failure of a water or tailings storage facility, such as the tragic failure of the Fundão dam at Samarco in 2015 or a failure at one of our other
                        facilities in Australia, Chile, Peru, the United States, Canada or Brazil.
           
           •            Unplanned fire events or explosions (on the surface or underground).
           
           •            Geotechnical instability events (such as failure of underground excavations, which may be subject to greater risk than surface mines, unexpected
                        large wall instabilities in our open-pit mines, or potential interaction between our mining activities and community infrastructure or natural
                        systems), including at our mines in Australia, Chile, Peru, the United States, Canada or Brazil.
           
           •            Critical infrastructure, equipment, or hazardous materials containment failures, other occupational or process safety events or workplace
                        exposures.
           
           •            Operational events experienced by third parties, which may also result in unavailability of shared critical infrastructure (such as railway lines or
                        ports) or transportation routes (such as the Port Hedland channel in Western Australia).
           
           •            An operational event that may adversely affect our people and assets, communities, other stakeholders and/or the environment, including serious
                        injuries, illness and fatalities, loss of infrastructure and damage to sites of cultural significance.
           
           •            Our operations, workforce, communities, supply chains, customers and third-party partners and providers may be increasingly exposed to changes
                        in the frequency, intensity and/or duration of intense storms, drought, flooding, wildfire and other extreme weather or weather-related events and
                        patterns (such as extreme heat).


           Risk factor: Significant social or environmental impacts
           Risks associated with significant impacts of our operations on and contributions to communities and environments throughout the life cycle of our assets
           and across our value chain.


           Why is this important to BHP?
           The long-term viability of our business is closely connected to the wellbeing of the communities and environments where we have a presence and our




For personal use only
           business is subject to increasing, complex and changing regulatory and stakeholder expectations. At any stage of the asset life cycle, our activities and
           operations may have or be perceived to have significant adverse impacts on communities and environments. In these circumstances, we may fail to meet
           the evolving expectations of our partners and stakeholders (including investors, governments, employees, suppliers, customers and Indigenous peoples
           and other community members) whose support is needed to realise our strategy and purpose. This could lead to loss of partner or stakeholder support or
           regulatory approvals, increased taxes and regulation, enforcement action, litigation (including class actions), or otherwise impact our licence to operate
           and adversely affect our reputation, ability to attract and retain talent, ability to access capital, operational continuity and financial performance.


           Examples of potential threats
           
           •            Engaging in or being associated with activities (including through non-operated joint ventures and our value chain) that have or are perceived to
                        have individual or cumulative adverse impacts on nature (including biodiversity, land, waters and air), climate change, supply chain or responsible
                        sourcing requirements, human rights or Indigenous peoples’ rights or cultural heritage.
           
           •            Failing to meet evolving partner or stakeholder expectations in connection with our alignment with global frameworks and societal goals, our
                        strategic decisions, legal and regulatory obligations, acceptability of mining activities, relationships with Indigenous peoples, community
                        wellbeing and the way we invest in communities or our approach to nature (including biodiversity, land, waters and air), climate change, supply
                        chain or responsible sourcing requirements, human rights, Indigenous peoples’ rights or cultural heritage priorities.
           
           •            Political, regulatory and judicial developments (such as legislation to enact policy positions on climate change, nature-related risk or human
                        rights) could increase uncertainty in relation to our operating environment, and/or require us to adjust our business plans or strategy. For example,
                        changes to regulations may require us to modify mine plans, limit our access to reserves and resources, alter the timing or increase costs
                        associated with exploration and development of and production from, or closure and rehabilitation of, our assets, increase sourcing costs or expose
                        BHP to unanticipated environmental or other legacy liabilities.
           
           •            Failing to adequately identify or to appropriately manage physical climate-related risks and/or nature-related risks to biodiversity and ecosystems.
                        For example, loss of important biodiversity and/or ecosystems as a result of operational activities (e.g. unauthorised clearing of vegetation) could
                        result in land access restrictions, a decrease in demand for our products or limit our access to new opportunities.


           Risk factor: Optimising growth and portfolio returns
           Risks associated with our ability to position our asset portfolio to generate returns and value for shareholders, including through acquisitions, mergers
           and divestments.


           Why is this important to BHP?
           We make decisions and take actions in pursuit of our strategy to optimise our asset portfolio and to secure and create growth options in future-facing
           commodities (such as copper, nickel and potash). These may include active portfolio changes such as the recent sale of the Daunia and Blackwater
           mines in Queensland, the acquisition of OZ Minerals and, if completed, the proposed acquisition of Filo Corp and agreement to form a joint venture
           with Lundin Mining. These may also include supporting innovative early-stage mineral exploration companies (including for example through our
           accelerator program, BHP Xplor), and maturing and developing organic growth options across our existing portfolio. A strategy that does not support
           BHP’s objectives and/or ill-timed execution of our strategy, or other circumstances, may lead to a loss of value that impacts our ability to deliver returns
           to shareholders and fund our investment and growth opportunities. It may also result in our asset portfolio being less resilient to climate-related risks or
           movements in commodity prices, or inflationary pressures and other macroeconomic factors. In the short term, adverse movements in commodity prices
           may reduce our cash flow, ability to access capital or pay dividends. A failure to optimise our asset portfolio for structural movements in commodity
           prices (including those arising from climate-related risks) over the long term may result in asset impairments and could adversely affect the results of
           our operations, financial performance and returns to investors.
           
                                                                                               88
           Examples of potential threats
           
           •            Commodity prices have historically been and may continue to be subject to significant volatility, including due to global economic and
                        geopolitical factors, industrial activity, commodity supply (including the development of new resources and supply chain disruptions) and demand
                        (including inventory levels), technological change, product substitution, tariffs, interest rate movements and exchange rate fluctuations. Our usual
                        policy and practice is to sell our products at prevailing market prices and, as such, movements in commodity prices may affect our financial
                        performance. Long-term price volatility, sustained low prices or increases in costs may adversely impact our financial performance as we do not
                        generally have the ability to offset costs through price increases.
           
           •            Failure to optimise our portfolio through effective and efficient acquisitions, exploration, large project delivery, mergers, divestments or expansion
                        of existing or acquired assets (including due to sub-optimal capital prioritisation) may adversely impact our performance and/or returns to
                        investors.
           
           •            Failure to identify potential changes in commodity attractiveness and missed entry or commodity exit opportunities may result in decreased return
                        on capital spend for, or overpayment to acquire or invest in, new assets or projects, stranded assets or reduced divestment proceeds.
           
           •            Failure to achieve expected commercial objectives from assets or investments, such as cost savings, increased revenues or improved operational
                        performance (including as a result of inaccurate commodity price assumptions or resources and reserves estimates), may result in returns that are
                        lower than anticipated and loss of value. This could be exacerbated by impacts from factors such as climate-related risks, supply chain disruptions
                        (for example, disruption in the energy sector impacting our end-user markets), labour shortages, inflationary pressures and unfavourable exchange
                        rates, creating operational headwinds and challenging on-time and on-budget project delivery.
           
           •            Renegotiation or nullification of permits, inability to secure new permits or approvals, increased royalties, such as the Queensland Government’s
                        increase in coal royalty tax in June 2022, fiscal or monetary policy instability or changes may increase our costs or adversely impact our ability to
                        achieve expected commercial objectives from assets or investments, access reserves, develop, maintain or operate our assets, enter new
                        jurisdictions, or otherwise optimise our portfolio.
           
           •            Inability to predict long-term trends in the supply, demand and price of commodities and optimise our asset portfolio accordingly may restrict our
                        ability to generate long-term returns from the portfolio. For example, slowing economic growth in China, political and trade tensions, market
                        volatility or the global transition to a low-carbon economy may result in lower demand and prices for some of our products, which may in turn




For personal use only
                        adversely impact our portfolio returns.
           
           •            Partnering with companies for growth may also damage our reputation and lead to increased potential for litigation if those companies or
                        associated activities are misaligned with our values, standards or stakeholder expectations, particularly in circumstances in which we do not
                        operate the asset or have a controlling interest in the venture.


           Risk factor: Low-carbon transition
           Risks associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy.


           Why is this important to BHP?
           
           •            Transition risks arise from existing and emerging policy, regulatory, legal, technological, market and other societal responses to the challenges
                        posed by climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy. As a world-leading resources company, BHP is exposed to a range of
                        transition risks that could affect the execution of our strategy or our operational efficiency, asset values and growth options, resulting in a material
                        adverse impact on our financial performance, share price or reputation, including increased potential for litigation. The complex and pervasive
                        nature of climate change means transition risks are interconnected with and may amplify our other risk factors. Additionally, the inherent
                        uncertainty of potential societal responses to climate change may create a systemic risk to the global economy and our business.


           Examples of potential threats
           
               •        Introduction or improvement of low-carbon technologies or changes in customer preference for products that support the transition to a
                        low-carbon economy may decrease demand for some of our products, increase our costs or decrease the availability of key inputs to production.
                        For example:
           
                         •     Rapid shift to alternative steelmaking technology pathways (including electric arc furnace (EAF) and direct reduced iron (DRI)
                               steelmaking) may reduce anticipated demand for our steelmaking coal and may result in the early closure or divestment of our steelmaking
                               coal mines.
           
                         •     Increased recovery and reuse rates of commodities may reduce demand for our products.
           
                         •     New battery technologies that use no or less nickel could enter the market and reduce demand for our nickel products.
           
           •            Adverse macroeconomic changes, such as a decline in global economic activity and/or security, could be exacerbated by the transition to a
                        low-carbon economy and reduce anticipated demand for our future-facing commodities, such as copper and nickel.
           
           •            Perceptions of climate-related financial risk and/or social concerns around climate change may result in investors divesting our securities or
                        changing their expectations or requirements for investment in our securities, cause financial institutions not to provide financing or other products
                        (such as insurance cover) to BHP or to our suppliers or customers, affect our suppliers’ willingness to provide goods or services, and affect our
                        customers’ wish to procure our commodities. In turn, these factors could increase our costs and adversely impact our ability to optimise our
                        portfolio and pursue growth opportunities.
           
           •            Perceived or actual misalignment of BHP’s climate actions (goals, targets and performance) with societal and investor expectations, or a failure to
                        deliver our climate actions, may result in damage to our reputation, reduced investor confidence, climate-related litigation (including class actions)
                        or give rise to other adverse regulatory, legal or market responses.
           
                                                                                                89
           •            Sub-optimal selection, quality, implementation or effectiveness of technology and related low-carbon supplies that are intended to contribute
                        towards the delivery of our climate targets, goals and strategies, or unavailability of that technology and related low-carbon supplies (including
                        due to the failure of trials of new technology, a failure of external equipment manufacturers or suppliers to deliver on schedule or competition for
                        limited supply) could prevent, limit, delay or increase costs in achieving our plans for operational decarbonisation.
           
           •            Changes or ambiguity in laws, regulations, policies, obligations, government actions and our ability to anticipate and respond to such changes or
                        accurately interpret the ambiguity, including GHG emission targets and schemes, restrictive licensing, carbon taxes, carbon offsetting regulations,
                        border adjustments or the addition or removal of subsidies, may give rise to adverse regulatory, legal or market responses. For example, the
                        implementation of regulations intended to reduce GHG emissions in the steel industry in China could adversely impact demand for our
                        steelmaking coal or iron ore. In addition, inadequate market supply of credible carbon credits or price volatility in carbon markets could increase
                        our operating costs or result in adverse social value or compliance implications. Inconsistent or developing regulatory regimes globally may
                        increase the likelihood of an inadvertent failure to or inability to comply with some regulations and exacerbate the impacts of transition risks.


           Risk factor: Accessing key markets
           Risks associated with market concentration and our ability to sell and deliver products into existing and future key markets, impacting our economic
           efficiency.


           Why is this important to BHP?
           We rely on the sale and delivery of the commodities we produce to customers around the world. Changes to laws, international trade arrangements,
           contractual terms or other requirements and/or geopolitical developments could result in physical, logistical or other disruptions to our operations in or
           the sale or delivery of our commodities to key markets. These disruptions could affect sales volumes or prices obtained for our products, adversely
           impacting our financial performance, results of operations and growth prospects.


           Examples of potential threats
           
           •            Government actions, including economic sanctions, tariffs or other trade restrictions, imposed by or on countries where we operate or into which
                        we sell or deliver our products may prevent BHP from selling or make it more difficult for BHP to sell in key markets.




For personal use only
           
           •            Physical disruptions to the delivery of our products to customers in key markets, including due to the disruption of shipping routes, closure or
                        blockage of ports or land logistics (road or rail), armed conflict or criminality and organised crime. In some cases, physical disruptions may be
                        driven or intensified by weather and climate variability, including as potentially exacerbated or affected by climate change. Our operations are
                        located in remote and environmentally sensitive areas, which may be particularly exposed to climate-related disruptions.
           
           •            Legal or regulatory changes (such as new or increased royalties or taxes; government-mandated price caps; port, export or import restrictions or
                        customs requirements; shipping/maritime regulatory changes; restrictions on movements or imposition of quarantines; or changing environmental
                        restrictions or regulations, including measures with respect to carbon-intensive industries or imports) and commercial changes (such as changes to
                        the standards, preferences and requirements of customers) may adversely impact our ability to sell, deliver or realise full market value for our
                        products.
           
           •            Failure to maintain strong relationships with customers or changes to customer demands for our products may reduce our market share or
                        adversely impact our financial performance.
           
           •            Increasing geopolitical tensions (including the Russia-Ukraine and Middle Eastern conflicts) may adversely affect our strategic and business
                        planning decisions and/or increase the time it takes us to manage our access to key markets, particularly if we fail to detect or anticipate deviations
                        in the geopolitical environment in a timely manner.


           Risk factor: Adopting technologies and maintaining digital security
           Risks associated with adopting and implementing new technologies, and maintaining the effectiveness of our existing digital landscape (including cyber
           defences) across our value chain.


           Why is this important to BHP?
           Our business and operational processes are increasingly dependent on the effective application and adoption of technology, which we use as a lever to
           deliver on our current and future operational, financial and social objectives. This exposes BHP to risks originating from adopting or implementing new
           technologies, or failing to take appropriate action to position BHP for the digital future, which may impact the capabilities we require, the effectiveness
           and efficiency of our operations and our ability to compete effectively. New technology adopted in our business may not perform as anticipated and may
           result in unintended impacts on our operations. We may also fail to maintain the effectiveness of our existing and future digital landscape, including
           cyber defences, exposing us to technology availability, reliability and cybersecurity risks. These could lead to operational events, commercial disruption
           (such as an inability to process or ship our products), corruption or loss of system data, misappropriation or loss of funds, unintended loss or disclosure
           of commercial or personal information, enforcement action or litigation, which could also impact the environment and partners, suppliers and
           stakeholders across our value chain. Additionally, an inability to adequately maintain existing technology or implement critical new technology, or any
           sustained disruption to our existing technology may adversely affect our licence to operate, reputation, results of operations and financial performance.


           Examples of potential threats
           
           •            Cybersecurity events or attacks on our information or operational technology systems, including on third-party partners and providers (such as our
                        cloud service providers), may result in a failure of business-critical technology systems at one or more of our assets, which may reduce operational
                        productivity, result in environmental damage, fines, penalties, litigation, regulatory or governmental investigations, workforce disruption,
                        prolonged negative media attention and/or adversely impact safety and financial performance. We have experienced cybersecurity threats in the
                        past and may experience them in the future and, as our dependence on information systems, including those of our third-party partners and
                        providers, grows, we may become more vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks.
           
                                                                                               90
           •            Failure to invest in appropriate technologies or to keep pace with advancements in technology that support the pursuit of our objectives may
                        adversely impact the effectiveness or efficiency of our business and erode our competitive advantage. For example, a failure to implement
                        appropriate technologies that support our assets to produce higher-grade commodities or less waste from existing resources (such as ongoing
                        initiatives to incorporate new technologies and data analytics to leaching processes) could limit our ability to sell our commodities or reduce costs.
           
           •            Failure to identify, access and secure necessary infrastructure and key inputs (including electricity, internet bandwidth, data, software, licences or
                        other rights in intellectual property, hardware and talent) to support new technology innovations and advanced technologies may adversely affect
                        our ability to adopt, operate or retain access to those technologies. This includes Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning, process
                        automation, robotics, data analytics, cloud computing, smart devices and remote working solutions. For example, adopting new technology to
                        reduce GHG emissions using alternative energy sources may require new infrastructure, while effective implementation of new digital
                        technologies (such as machine learning) may be heavily dependent on access to data. In addition, the use of Al and machine learning may increase
                        our exposure to cybersecurity risks and additional risks relating to the protection of data, including increased exposure of confidential or otherwise
                        protected information to unauthorised recipients, which could result in liability under or termination of our contracts with third parties, misuse of
                        our intellectual property or other unintended consequences.
           
           •            Failure to adopt or successfully integrate new technology, technology enhancements or technology acquired through inorganic growth (such as
                        through acquisition of a company with different types and standards of securities, technologies and systems) may result in impacts to our business
                        and operations. This could lead to operational stoppage events, commercial disruption (such as an inability to pay or accept payment), inability to
                        disclose accurately or an inability to adequately maintain existing technology.
           
           •            Failure or outage of our information or operational technology systems.


           Risk factor: Ethical misconduct
           Risks associated with actual or alleged deviation from societal or business expectations of ethical behaviour (including breaches of laws or regulations)
           and wider or cumulative organisational cultural failings, resulting in significant reputational impacts.


           Why is this important to BHP?




For personal use only
           Actual or alleged conduct of BHP or our people or third-party partners and providers that deviates from the standard of ethical behaviour required or
           expected of us could result in reputational damage or a breach of law or regulations. Such conduct includes fraud, corruption, anti-competitive
           behaviour, money laundering, breaching trade or financial sanctions, market manipulation, privacy breaches, ethical misconduct, failure to comply with
           regulatory requirements and wider organisational cultural failings. A failure to act ethically or legally may result in negative publicity, investigations,
           public inquiries, regulatory enforcement action, litigation or other civil or criminal proceedings, other forms of compensation or remediation, or
           increased regulation. It could also threaten the validity of our tenements or permits, or adversely impact our reputation, results of operations, financial
           performance or share price. Impacts may be amplified if our senior leaders fail to uphold BHP’s values or address actual or alleged misconduct in a way
           that is consistent with societal, partner and stakeholder expectations. Our workplace culture may also be eroded, adversely affecting our ability to attract
           and retain talent. Risks and impacts are also heightened by the complex and continuously evolving legal and regulatory frameworks that apply to the
           jurisdictions where we operate and potentially conflicting obligations under different national laws.


           Examples of potential threats
           
           •            Failing to prevent breaches of international standards, laws, regulations or other legal, regulatory, ethical, environmental, governance or
                        compliance obligations, such as external misstatements, inaccurate financial or operational reporting or a breach of our continuous disclosure
                        obligations.
           
           •            Corruption (for example, in connection with the acquisition of early-stage options in a country with weaker governance standards), market
                        misconduct or anti-competitive behaviour, including in relation to our joint venture operations.
           
           •            Failing to comply with trade or financial sanctions (which are complex and subject to rapid change and may potentially result in conflicting
                        obligations), health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, native title and other land rights or tax or royalty obligations.
           
           •            Failing to protect our people from harm (including to mental and physical health) due to misconduct that takes place in connection with their
                        work, such as discrimination or sexual harassment.
           
           •            Failing to uphold BHP’s values or address actual or alleged misconduct may adversely impact workplace culture and may expose BHP to
                        regulatory action or litigation, adversely impacting our reputation and ability to attract and retain talent.


           Risk factor: Inadequate business resilience
           Risks associated with unanticipated or unforeseeable adverse events and a failure of planning and preparedness to respond to, manage and recover from
           adverse events (including potential physical climate-related impacts).


           Why is this important to BHP?
           In addition to the threats described in our other risk factors, our business could experience unanticipated, unforeseeable or other adverse events (internal
           or external) that could harm our people, disrupt our operations or value chain or damage our assets or corporate offices, including our non-operated
           assets in which BHP has a non-controlling interest. A failure to identify or understand exposure, adequately prepare for these events (including
           maintaining business continuity plans) or build wider organisational resilience may inhibit our (or our third-party partners and providers’) ability to
           respond and recover in an effective and efficient manner. This includes a failure to build resilience to physical climate-related risks. Material adverse
           impacts on our business include reduced ability to access resources, markets and the operational or other inputs required by our business, reduced
           production or sales of or demand for, our commodities, or increased regulation, which could adversely impact our financial performance, share price or
           reputation and could lead to litigation (including class actions).
           
                                                                                              91
           Examples of potential threats
           
           •            Geopolitical, global economic, regional or local developments or adverse events, such as social unrest, strikes, work stoppages, labour disruptions,
                        social activism, terrorism, bomb threats, economic slowdown, acts of war or other significant disruptions in areas where we operate or have
                        interests.
           
           •            Extreme weather and climate-related events, such as heatwaves, extreme precipitation and flooding, hurricanes, cyclones and fires. For example,
                        production at our steelmaking coal asset, BMA, was partly impacted in H1 FY2024 due to depleted inventory positions that arose from extended
                        weather impacts on the east coast of Australia.
           
           •            Other natural events, including earthquakes, tsunamis, wildfires, solar flares and pandemics.
           
           •            Potential physical climate-related impacts, such as acute risks that are event driven (including increased frequency and severity of extreme
                        weather events) and chronic risks resulting from longer-term changes in climate patterns. Climate hazards may include changes in precipitation
                        patterns, water shortages, rising sea levels, increased storm intensity, prolonged extreme temperatures and increased drought, fire and flooding.
           
           •            Failure by suppliers, contractors or joint venture partners to perform existing contracts or obligations (including due to insolvency), such as
                        construction of large projects or supply of key inputs to our business (for example, consumables for our mining equipment).
           
           •            Failure of our risk management or other processes (including controls) to prepare for or manage any of the risks discussed in this Risk factors
                        section may inhibit our (or our third-party partners and providers’) ability to manage any resulting adverse events and may disrupt our operations
                        or adversely impact our financial performance or reputation. This includes unknown pre-existing failures in organisations, businesses or assets that
                        we acquire through non-organic growth, as well as any failures that occur during their integration to our business (for example, due to different
                        standards or systems).


           8.2 Management of risks
           Each risk factor may present opportunities as well as threats. We take certain risks for strategic reward in the pursuit of our strategy and purpose,
           including to grow our asset portfolio and develop the right capabilities for the future of our business. Some of the potential threats and opportunities
           associated with each of our risk factors are described below, along with the key controls to manage them. These controls are not exhaustive and many




For personal use only
           Group-wide controls (such as Our Code of Conduct, Risk Framework, mandatory minimum performance requirements for risk management, health,
           safety and other matters, dedicated non-operated joint venture teams and our Contractor Management Framework) help to support effective and efficient
           management of all risks in line with our risk appetite. While we implement preventative and/or mitigating controls designed to reduce the likelihood of a
           threat from occurring and minimise the impacts if it does, these may not always be effective.


           Risk factor: Operational events
           Examples of potential opportunities
           
           •            Our commitment to our communities, the environment and the safety and wellbeing of our people may increase operational resilience as well as
                        partner and stakeholder confidence, enhancing our ability to attract and retain talent and access (or lower the cost of) capital.
           
           •            Collaborating with industry peers and relevant organisations on minimum standards (such as the internationally recognised Flight Safety
                        Foundation’s Basic Aviation Risk Standard, Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management, Large Open Pit Project guidelines on open-pit
                        mining design and management, and the Cave Mining 2040 Consortium on deep mining design and management) supports improvements to wider
                        industry management of operational risks and may also identify opportunities to improve our own practices.


           Key management actions
           
           •            Planning, designing, constructing, operating, maintaining and monitoring surface and underground mines, water and tailings storage facilities, and
                        other infrastructure and equipment in a manner designed to maintain structural integrity, prevent incidents and protect our people, assets,
                        communities, the environment and other stakeholders.
           
           •            Specifying minimum requirements and technical specifications, such as for transportation (including high-occupancy vehicles, fixed and rotary
                        wing aircraft and their operators) and geotechnical (including characterisation, design, ground control and monitoring), and focusing on
                        compliance with operating specifications, industry codes and other relevant standards, including BHP’s mandatory minimum performance
                        requirements.
           
           •            Continuing to focus on improving our management of safety risks, including through investigation and response to the recent fatal incidents across
                        our operations, and through programs such as the Fatality Elimination and Field Leadership Programs.
           
           •            Defining key governance roles, such as a dam owner (an internal BHP individual who is accountable for maintaining effective governance and
                        integrity of each tailings storage facility) and providing training and qualifications for our people.
           
           •            Inspections, technical reviews, audits and other assurance activities, such as independent dam safety reviews and geotechnical review boards.
           
           •            Maintaining evacuation routes, supporting equipment, crisis and emergency response plans and business continuity plans.
           
           •            Incorporating future climate projections into risks associated with operational events through ongoing assessment of physical climate-related risks.
           
                                                                                              92
           FY2024 insights
           Our exposure to risks associated with operational events remained broadly stable in FY2024. BHP achieved conformance to the Global Industry
           Standard on Tailings Management for ‘Very High’ and ‘Extreme’ rated facilities in H1 FY2024, supporting our continued focus to further improve the
           safety and integrity of all facilities across our operated and closed assets.


           For more information refer to
           
           •            OFR 6.1 – Safety
           
           •            OFR 6.4 – Material topics for sustainability reporting
           
           •            OFR 6.6 – People
           
           •            OFR 6.7 – Health
           
           •            OFR 6.9 – Climate change
           
           •            OFR 6.10 – Environment and nature
           
           •            OFR 6.11 – Community
           
           •            OFR 6.12 – Indigenous peoples
           
           •            OFR 7 – Samarco
           
           •            bhp.com/sustainability


           Risk factor: Significant social or environmental impacts
           Examples of potential opportunities
           




For personal use only
           •            Our support for responsible stewardship of natural resources may enhance the resilience of the environments and communities where we operate
                        to threats (including potential physical climate-related impacts and nature loss).
           
           •            Strong social performance, including sustainable mining and a focus on the wellbeing of communities, could generate competitive advantage in
                        the jurisdictions where we operate.
           
           •            Our global social value framework and projects funded through social investment may improve partner and stakeholder relations, enhance
                        community trust and increase investor confidence and demand for our commodities.
           
           •            Greater clarity, transparency and standards associated with regulatory regimes that support and protect communities and the environment may
                        increase requirements across our sector, generating competitive advantage for companies that have already invested in social and environmental
                        performance.


           Key management actions
           
           •            The Community Global Standard, the Environment Global Standard, the Climate Change Global Standard and our mandatory minimum
                        performance requirements for water, closure and legacy management, and social value and sustainability are designed to set out our targets, goals,
                        commitments and/or approach to these matters, strengthening our social, human rights and environmental performance.
           
           •            Engaging in regular, open and transparent dialogue with partners and stakeholders to better understand their expectations, concerns and interests,
                        undertaking research to better understand partner and stakeholder perceptions, and taking those considerations into account in planning and
                        execution activities.
           
           •            Continuing to operationalise our Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement, including by introducing procedures for projects and assets to identify and
                        assess potential adverse impacts to Indigenous peoples, and to engage and consult with them to better understand how we can avoid, mitigate
                        and/or substantially address any adverse impacts.
           
           •            Building social value into our decision-making process, along with financial considerations, including through our social value framework and
                        2030 goals.
           
           •            Building partner and stakeholder trust and contributing to environmental and community resilience, including through collaborating on shared
                        challenges (such as climate change and nature), enhanced external reporting of our operated assets’ potential impacts on nature, and maximising
                        the value of social investments (including contributing to climate-related initiatives) through our social investment strategy.
           
           •            Conducting regular research and impact assessments for operated assets to better understand the social, environmental, human rights and
                        economic context. This supports us to identify and analyse potential partner, stakeholder, community and human rights impacts, including modern
                        slavery risks and emerging issues. We also complete risk-based due diligence screening on suppliers through our Ethical Supply Chain and
                        Transparency program.
           
           •            Integrating closure into our planning, decision-making and other activities through the life cycle of our operated assets, as set out in our mandatory
                        minimum performance requirements for closure and legacy management.


           FY2024 insights
           Our exposure to risks with potentially significant social or environmental impacts steadily increased in FY2024 due to greater external stakeholder
           expectations for corporate social and environmental performance, including aspects of climate change and nature. The intersections between climate
           change, nature, Indigenous peoples and human rights are becoming more widely understood by civil society, contributing to an evolving and
           increasingly complex risk landscape. To support effective management of these risks, we continue to monitor and seek to better understand the
           intersecting risk landscape and integrate controls into our management systems.
           
                                                                                              93
           For more information refer to
           
           •            OFR 6.5 – 2030 goals
           
           •            OFR 6.6 – People
           
           •            OFR 6.9 – Climate change
           
           •            OFR 6.10 – Environment and nature
           
           •            OFR 6.11 – Community
           
           •            OFR 6.12 – Indigenous peoples
           
           •            bhp.com/sustainability


           Risk factor: Optimising growth and portfolio returns
           Examples of potential opportunities
           
           •            Acquisition of new resources or acceleration of organic growth options in future-facing commodities may strengthen and diversify our portfolio
                        and protect and grow value over the long term.
           
           •            Ability to predict long-term commodity demand, supply and price trends may lead to BHP being able to identify and acquire new future-facing
                        commodities and assets ahead of our competitors or exit from declining commodities in a timely manner, strengthening our portfolio and leading
                        to long-term, higher portfolio returns.
           
           •            BHP may be perceived as a welcome and valued or preferred partner for the development of new resource opportunities, enabling us to secure
                        new assets or exploration opportunities to create long-term optionality in the portfolio.


           Key management actions




For personal use only
           
           •            Further developing strategies, processes and frameworks to grow and protect our portfolio and to assist in delivering ongoing returns to
                        shareholders, including:
           
                         •     our Capital Allocation Framework, corporate planning processes and investment management processes
           
                         •     annual reviews (including resilience testing) of portfolio valuations
           
                         •     our exploration, ventures (such as BHP Ventures), accelerators (such as BHP Xplor) and business development programs, which focus on
                               replenishing our resource base and enhancing our portfolio (including creating and securing more options in future-facing commodities)
           
                         •     our long-term strategic outlook and ongoing strategic processes to assess our competitive advantage and enable the identification of threats
                               to or opportunities for our portfolio through forecasting and scenario modelling
           
                         •     monitoring signals to interpret external events and trends, and designing commodity strategies and price protocols that are reviewed by
                               management and the Board
           
                         •     our balance sheet and liquidity framework, which is designed to maintain a robust balance sheet with sufficient liquidity and access to
                               diverse sources of funding, to enable us to be ready to pursue growth opportunities as and when they arise
           
           •            Pursuing a considered approach to new country entry, including further building our capability to operate in higher-risk jurisdictions, in order to
                        support portfolio opportunities.
           
           •            Further developing BHP’s social value proposition to position BHP as a preferred partner for the development of resource opportunities in line
                        with the expectations of local communities, host governments and other global stakeholders.


           FY2024 insights
           Our exposure to risks associated with optimising growth and portfolio returns remained stable in FY2024 as we continued to implement a growth
           agenda focused on aligning the portfolio towards future-facing commodities. In particular, in FY2024 we completed the sale of the Daunia and
           Blackwater mines in Queensland to Whitehaven Coal, approved an investment in stage two of the Jansen potash project in Canada, and continued to
           pursue options to build our portfolio in future-facing commodities. We also made the decision to temporarily suspend Western Australia Nickel as a
           result of oversupply in the global nickel market. Forecast nickel prices for the next half of the decade have fallen sharply due to strong growth in
           alternative, low-cost nickel supply.


           For more information refer to
           
           •            OFR 3 – Positioning for growth
           
           •            OFR 9 – Performance by commodity
           
                                                                                              94
           Risk factor: Low-carbon transition
           Examples of potential opportunities
           
           •            Our copper, nickel, iron ore, steelmaking coal and uranium provide essential building blocks for existing and new renewable energy infrastructure
                        and alternative power generation and electric vehicles, and can play an important part in the transition to a low-carbon economy.
           
           •            Our potash fertiliser options, once operational, have the potential to promote more efficient and profitable agriculture and help alleviate the
                        increased competition for arable land, including due to implementation of nature-based solutions to help address climate change and global
                        population growth.
           
           •            Increased collaboration with customers, suppliers and original equipment manufacturers, such as BHP’s partnerships with ArcelorMittal,
                        BlueScope, China Baowu, HBIS Group, JFE, POSCO and Tata Steel to explore technologies to reduce GHG emissions across the steel value
                        chain, can provide opportunities for the development of new products and markets.


           Key management actions
           
           •            Establishing public positions on, and mandatory minimum performance requirements for, managing climate change risks (threats and
                        opportunities), which are set out in our Climate Change Report 2020, our Climate Transition Action Plan 2024 and the Environment Global
                        Standard and the Climate Change Global Standard.
           
           •            Using climate-related scenarios, as well as our planning cases and other themes and signposts (such as monitoring policy, regulatory, legal,
                        technological, market and other societal developments) to evaluate the resilience of our portfolio, allocate capital and inform our strategy.
           
           •            Considering transition risks (including carbon prices) when making capital expenditure decisions or allocating capital through our Capital
                        Allocation Framework, supporting the prioritisation of capital and investment approval processes.
           
           •            Seeking to mitigate our exposure to risks arising from policy and regulation in our operating jurisdictions and markets by reducing our operational
                        GHG emissions and supporting GHG emission reductions in our value chain.
           
           •            Informing investors on progress to date and plans for achieving our operational and value chain GHG emissions goals and targets, for example,




For personal use only
                        through investor briefings and publications, including our Climate Transition Action Plan 2024.
           
           •            Advocating for the introduction of an effective, internationally aligned long-term policy framework that can deliver a measured transition to a
                        low-carbon economy.


           FY2024 insights
           Our exposure to transition risks increased during FY2024 due to continued societal expectations for accelerated decarbonisation by companies,
           significant regulatory developments across the globe (such as the enhanced Safeguard Mechanism enacted into law in Australia) and commitment by
           130 countries at the 2023 United Nations Climate Change Conference to triple global renewable energy generation capacity by 2030. Many jurisdictions
           (including Australia) have implemented, are in the process of designing, or are considering, mandatory climate-related financial reporting regimes
           (including the introduction of the Climate-related financial disclosures Bill into the Australian Parliament) and – in some cases – broader sustainability
           reporting requirements. This includes the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), and a growing number of jurisdictions have
           announced an intention to adopt the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards developed by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB).
           There are also increased efforts by some governments to fund expansion of renewable energy generation and technologies that help enable the energy
           transition, which may increase the scale and pace of the low-carbon transition, and influence the availability of lower GHG emissions technology
           options for BHP. These external developments present both threats and opportunities for BHP as we continue to increase our portfolio exposure to
           future-facing commodities.


           For more information refer to
           
           •            BHP Climate Change Report 2020
           
           •            BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2024
           
           •            OFR 3 – Positioning for growth
           
           •            OFR 6.5 – 2030 goals
           
           •            OFR 6.9 – Climate change
           
           •            OFR 6.10 – Environment and nature
           
           •            bhp.com/sustainability/climate-change


           Risk factor: Accessing key markets
           Examples of potential opportunities
           
           •            Monitoring macroeconomic, societal, geopolitical and policy developments and trends may reveal new markets or commodities, identify
                        opportunities to strengthen secondary markets for existing products or identify a potential competitive advantage or price premium for existing
                        products.
           
           •            Developing strategic partnerships and strong, mutually beneficial relationships with our customers may enable us to create value.
           
           •            Building a deep understanding of geopolitical threats and opportunities and their potential impacts on global trade flows and our business could
                        enhance our strategy, business planning and response, providing a potential future competitive advantage.
           
           •            Identifying the potential for weather and climate variability, including as potentially exacerbated or affected by climate change, to disrupt delivery
                        of products and implementing management measures, may increase the resilience of our operations and value chain.
           
                                                                                               95
           •            Monitoring signals and building relationships with and understanding the perspectives of influential partners and stakeholders may improve our
                        ability to understand and provide input to policy development, and to respond to and manage any impacts from policy changes (such as trade
                        policies).


           Key management actions
           
           •            Monitoring and assessing our ability to access key markets, and maintaining sales plans, product placement and business resilience strategies and
                        relationships with relevant partners and stakeholders.
           
           •            Maintaining response plans for various scenarios (including physical disruptions of logistics) to mitigate disruptions to our ability to access key
                        markets.
           
           •            Monitoring geopolitical and macroeconomic developments and trends, including through signal monitoring and our enterprise-level watch list of
                        emerging themes, to provide an early indication of events that could impact our ability to access or offer opportunities in relation to key markets.
           
           •            Identifying weather and/or climate-related vulnerabilities and implementing controls to mitigate disruptions to our ability to physically access key
                        markets.
           
           •            Diversifying our asset and commodity portfolio, such as our ongoing investment in potash through the Jansen potash project, to reduce exposure
                        to market concentration risks.


           FY2024 insights
           Exposure to risks associated with access to key markets remained broadly stable in FY2024. We continue to observe global armed conflict, political
           tensions, ineffective law enforcement and governance, resource and economic nationalism, social instability, and environmental deterioration. Although
           we have limited influence over changes in our external environment, we continue to focus on management of these risks, including through diversifying
           our portfolio to reduce exposure to market concentration risk.


           Risk factor: Adopting technologies and maintaining digital security




For personal use only
           Examples of potential opportunities
           
           •            Applying digital solutions across our operations may unlock greater productivity and safety performance. For example, using predictive analytics
                        to enable operations to identify asset condition and efficiencies may improve safety, production and equipment availability, and reduce
                        maintenance and other costs.
           
           •            Technology solutions to reduce GHG emissions may support BHP, our suppliers and customers in achieving climate action targets and goals. For
                        example, BHP signed an agreement in December 2023 with HBIS Group trialling alternative steelmaking technology pathways including direct
                        reduced iron production designed to lower blast furnace carbon emissions, with the aim of supporting the global energy transition.
           
           •            Developing AI in a safe and responsible manner in exploration, mine planning, remote operation and advanced robotic technologies may identify
                        or provide access to previously unknown or inaccessible deposits and development of end-to-end autonomous mining systems.
           
           •            Using digital simulations and predictive trend modelling may enable us to optimise the deployment of new technologies, such as automation and
                        electrification, support early identification of process variances and faults, and support the marketing of our products to customers.


           Key management actions
           
           •            Employing a number of measures designed to protect against, detect and respond to cyber threats, events or attacks, including BHP’s mandatory
                        minimum performance requirements for technology and cybersecurity, cybersecurity performance requirements for suppliers, cybersecurity
                        resilience programs, an enterprise security framework and cybersecurity standards, cybersecurity risk and control guidance, security awareness
                        programs and training to build capability, security assessments and continuous monitoring, restricted physical access to hardware and crisis
                        management plans.
           
           •            Managing localised or project-specific exposure to technology and cyber risks at the asset, function or project level, including risks associated
                        with business-critical technology systems. Enterprise-level risks that are specific to technology, such as those that pose a greater threat to our
                        wider business and strategic opportunities, are generally managed by our global Technology team and other relevant stakeholders to support
                        delivery of our technology strategy.
           
           •            Maturing a Data Strategy to improve data quality and management of critical data that enhances our adoption of digital technologies.
           
           •            Monitoring regulatory changes and collaborating with industry stakeholders, research partners and policymakers to design company guidelines
                        (such as our AI Strategy and Framework, and Responsible AI principles) and to develop, implement and maintain technological solutions with
                        appropriate guardrails and controls in place that support compliance with an evolving regulatory environment and meet societal expectations.


           FY2024 insights
           Our exposure increased in FY2024 due to elevated external cybersecurity threat conditions with high-profile cyber incidents experienced by other
           businesses across Australia and abroad. We continue to monitor and manage the increasing exposure, including through leveraging next generation
           technologies. Our focus is on strengthening the management of cybersecurity risk and controls across BHP, as well as monitoring third-party events
           (including in relation to our third-party partners and providers) that may impact our business.
           
                                                                                               96
           For more information refer to
           
           •            OFR 2 – What differentiates us
           
           •            OFR 6.9 – Climate change


           Risk factor: Ethical misconduct
           Examples of potential opportunities
           
           •            Our capability to manage ethical misconduct risks may expand portfolio growth options by providing greater assurance that we can operate legally
                        and ethically in high-risk jurisdictions.
           
           •            Managing ethical misconduct risks in line with societal, partner and stakeholder expectations may distinguish BHP from competitors and enhance
                        our ability to raise capital, attract and retain talent, engage with governments and communities in new jurisdictions, obtain permits, partner with
                        external organisations or suppliers, or market our products to customers.
           
           •            Playing a leading role in the management of ethical misconduct risks, such as sexual harassment risks, may help BHP to increase ethical and
                        behavioural standards across the resources industry.


           Key management actions
           
           •            Setting the ‘tone from the top’ through Our Charter, which is central to our business and describes our purpose, values and how we measure
                        success.
           
           •            Implementing internal policies, standards, systems and processes for governance and compliance to support an appropriate culture and prioritise
                        respectful behaviours at BHP, including:
           
                         •     Our Code of Conduct (Our Code) and BHP’s mandatory minimum performance requirements for business conduct, market disclosure and
                               other matters




For personal use only
           
                         •     training on Our Code and in relation to anti-corruption, market conduct, trade sanctions, data privacy and competition laws
           
                         •     ring fencing protocols to separate potentially competing businesses within BHP
           
                         •     governance and compliance processes, including procurement and other internal controls, and tailored monitoring of control effectiveness
           
                         •     oversight and engagement with high-risk areas by our Ethics and Investigations, Compliance and Internal Audit teams, and the Risk and
                               Audit Committee
           
                         •     review and endorsement by our Compliance team of the highest-risk transactions, such as gifts and hospitality, engagement of third parties,
                               community donations and sponsorships above defined thresholds
           
                         •     automated counterparty and transaction screening against lists of entities subject to trade sanctions
           
                         •     our reporting channels for raising misconduct concerns (comprising an online portal and confidential 24-hour multilingual call service),
                               supported by an ethics and investigations framework and central investigations team
           
                         •     campaigns and sessions held globally by our leaders to set expectations around racism, sexual harassment and other disrespectful
                               behaviours, including our ‘Active Bystander’ training that is designed to empower everyone across BHP to call out disrespectful and
                               harmful behaviours
           
           •            Continuing to enforce Our Code via appropriate investigations and responses, including disciplinary action, in addition to deployment of
                        appropriate controls to prevent harm (including to mental and physical health).
           
           •            Requiring anti-corruption and human rights risks to be considered as part of our new country entry approval process.


           FY2024 insights
           Our exposure to ethical misconduct risks increased in FY2024 due to heightened trade sanctions risks, including an increase in the volume and
           complexity of trade sanctions measures globally. Our Compliance team continues to focus on control enhancements to manage evolving threats (such as
           trade sanctions) and strengthen key anti-corruption and other compliance controls across the Group, including in relation to the integration of OZ
           Minerals. With BHP’s continued focus on portfolio growth, there is a potential for further increases in exposure to anti-corruption and other ethical
           misconduct risks in higher-risk jurisdictions.


           For more information refer to
           
           •            Our Charter and Our Code of Conduct
           
           •            OFR 6.6 – People
           
           •            OFR 6.8 – Ethics and business conduct
           
           •            OFR 6.11 – Community
           
           •            OFR 6.12 – Indigenous peoples
           
           •            Corporate Governance Statement
           
                                                                                              97
           Risk factor: Inadequate business resilience
           Examples of potential opportunities
           
           •            Risk identification and management supports proactive, focused and prioritised deployment of resources to reduce exposure to adverse events. It
                        may be used to inform priorities and strategies across BHP, supporting a proportionate and cost-effective response, which could provide a
                        competitive advantage at a regional or global level.
           
           •            Building wider organisational resilience may enable us to maintain dividends to shareholders amid adverse external events and make growth-
                        generating, counter-cyclical investments, as well as to help us mitigate the impacts of unforeseeable adverse events.
           
           •            Adaptation to climate change across our operations and in our value chain could enhance the safety, productivity and climate resilience of our
                        operated assets, position BHP as a supplier of choice and enhance our ability to consistently grow value. Support for climate-vulnerable
                        communities and ecosystems may also improve our social value proposition.


           Key management actions
           
           •            Implementing Group-wide controls to enhance business resilience, including BHP’s mandatory minimum performance requirements for security,
                        crisis and emergency management and business continuity plans, and seeking to maintain an investment grade credit rating.
           
           •            Monitoring our current state of readiness (preparedness, redundancy and resilience), including through scenario analysis and business resilience
                        exercises, supporting organisational capability in our operations, functions and senior management to effectively and efficiently respond to and
                        recover from adverse events should they materialise.
           
           •            Monitoring the external environment, including political and economic factors, through signal monitoring, our geopolitical monitoring and public
                        policy frameworks and our enterprise-level watch list of emerging themes, to support early identification of policy changes or adverse events for
                        which we may need to increase preparedness.
           
           •            Identifying security threats that could directly or indirectly impact our operations and people in countries of interest to BHP.
           
           •            Further developing and implementing our adaptation strategy with respect to physical climate-related risks, including requiring operated assets




For personal use only
                        and functions to identify and progressively assess physical climate-related risks (including to our value chain) and seeking to build climate change
                        adaptation into their plans, activities and investments.
           
           •            Maintaining quality, centralised climate data covering each of our operating locations so that our people have access to appropriate data to support
                        climate studies that can be used to inform investment decisions around enhancing our operational resilience.


           FY2024 insights
           Our exposure to risks associated with inadequate business resilience increased in FY2024. The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
           Change Secretariat’s NDC Synthesis Report (released in November 2023) noted national climate action plans remain insufficient to limit global
           temperature rises to 1.5°C and, according to the World Meteorological Organisation, CY2023 was the warmest year on record with further natural
           disasters and prolonged weather events experienced across the globe. Additionally, a global rise in conflict, instability and criminality in CY2023
           created new security challenges. Our Security team continues to monitor the evolving external security environment to better understand how it can
           impact BHP and our industry and how we can manage associated exposure.


           For more information refer to
           
           •            BHP Climate Change Report 2020
           
           •            BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2024
           
           •            OFR 6.1 – Safety
           
           •            OFR 6.7 – Health
           
           •            OFR 6.9 – Climate change
           
           •            OFR 6.10 – Environment and nature
           
           •            bhp.com/sustainability
           
                                                                                               98
           9            Performance by commodity
           Management believes the following information presented by commodity provides a meaningful indication of the underlying financial and operating
           performance of the assets, including equity accounted investments, of each reportable segment. Information relating to assets that are accounted for as
           equity accounted investments is shown to reflect BHP’s share, unless otherwise noted, to provide insight into the drivers of these assets.

           >For more information as to the statutory determination of our reportable segments refer to Financial Statements note 1 ‘Segment reporting’

           Unit costs is one of our non-IFRS financial measures used to monitor the performance of our individual assets and is included in the analysis of each
           reportable segment.

           >For the definition and method of calculation of our non-IFRS financial measures, including Underlying EBITDA and Unit costs, refer to OFR
           10


           9.1           Copper
           Detailed below is financial and operating information for our Copper assets comparing FY2024 to FY2023.
           
          Year ended 30 June
          US$M                                                                                                                                           2024      2023
          Revenue                                                                                                                                        18,566    16,027
          Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                               8,564     6,653
          Net operating assets                                                                                                                           36,368    34,229
          Capital expenditure                                                                                                                             3,711     2,698
          Underlying ROCE                                                                                                                                 13%        12%
          Total copper production (kt)                                                                                                                    1,865     1,717
          Average realised prices
          Copper (US$/lb)                                                                                                                                  3.98      3.65




For personal use only
          Unit Costs
            Escondida (US$/lb)                                                                                                                             1.45      1.40
            Spence (US$/lb)                                                                                                                                2.13      2.11
            Copper South Australia (US$/lb)1                                                                                                               1.37         –
           
           1.            FY2023 comparative is not disclosed as Copper South Australia includes Olympic Dam as well as Prominent Hill and Carrapateena which were
                         acquired on 2 May 2023 as part of the acquisition of OZL which only contributed to the performance of the business from the date of acquisition.


           Key drivers of Copper’s financial results
           Price overview
           Copper prices rose in H2 FY2024, with the LME official cash settlement price hitting a new record high in May on bullish investor sentiment, fuelled by
           expectations of lower interest rates in the United States, possible copper smelter cuts in China and the LME banning the delivery of Russian metal.
           However, copper prices then moderated by the end of FY2024, reflecting underlying near-term fundamentals with weak Chinese demand and rising
           stocks. In the near term, slowing demand growth in China due to continued weakness in the real estate sector is expected to be partially offset by more
           positive trends in power grid spending and consumer durable goods. We anticipate Europe will be slower to recover from weakness in manufacturing,
           while the United States will continue to improve more swiftly due to a more resilient underlying economy. We now expect CY2024 to be in marginal
           surplus, a reflection of softer demand expectations for China and higher supply. In the medium to longer term, traditional demand (such as home
           building, electrical equipment and household appliances) is expected to remain solid and demand from emerging sectors, such as artificial intelligence
           and data centres, should add to this. The decarbonisation megatrend is also expected to bolster demand. We anticipate that the cost curve required to
           meet that demand is likely to steepen as challenges to the development of new resources progressively increase. This implies that should deficits occur
           in this phase, as we expected they will, fly-up pricing may well occur and in turn this could spur inducement of new, higher cost supply in the long term.


           Production
           Total Copper production for FY2024 increased by 9 per cent to 1,865 kt.

           Escondida copper production increased by 7 per cent to 1,125 kt primarily due to higher concentrator feed grade of 0.88 per cent, compared to 0.82 per
           cent in FY2023. The positive impact of the higher grade was partially offset by planned lower cathode production as a result of prioritising concentrator
           throughput in prior years.

           Pampa Norte copper production decreased by 8 per cent to 266 kt including a record 255 kt at Spence and 11 kt at Cerro Colorado. Spence production
           increased 6 per cent driven by improved concentrator throughput and increases in both concentrator feed grade and recoveries, partially offset by lower
           cathode production in line with expected decline in stacked feed grade. Cerro Colorado entered temporary care and maintenance in December 2023.

           Copper South Australia copper production increased by 39 per cent to 322 kt from the successful integration of OZ Minerals (OZL) following the
           acquisition in FY2023. The processing of Prominent Hill and Carrapateena concentrate at Olympic Dam resulted in annual records for cathode and gold
           production at Olympic Dam. The successful commissioning and ramp up of Crusher 2 led to record material mined and concentrate produced at
           Carrapateena.

           Antamina copper production increased by 4 per cent to 144 kt, as a result of record concentrator throughput offsetting planned lower feed grades. Zinc
           production was 17 per cent lower at 103 kt, as a result of planned lower feed grades.

           Carajás produced 8.4 kt of copper and 5.8 troy koz of gold.
           
                                                                                             99
           Financial results
           Copper revenue increased by US$2.5 billion to US$18.6 billion in FY2024 due to higher average realised copper prices and increased sales volumes
           following the successful integration of OZL following the acquisition in FY2023.

           Underlying EBITDA for Copper increased by US$1.9 billion to US$8.6 billion. Price impacts, net of price-linked costs, increased Underlying EBITDA
           by US$1.4 billion. Higher sales volumes increased Underlying EBITDA by US$0.6 billion driven by the successful integration of OZL, higher feed
           grade at Escondida and record concentrate production at Spence offset by planned lower cathode volumes at Spence.

           Controllable cash costs increased by US$0.2 billion, primarily due to higher maintenance at Escondida and higher exploration spend at Copper South
           Australia (Copper SA) for drilling activities at Oak Dam.

           Favourable foreign exchange rate movements increased EBITDA by US$0.3 billion.

           Inflation negatively impacted Underlying EBITDA by US$0.3 billion but was offset by lower fuel, energy and consumable price movements of
           US$0.3 billion. An increase in Non-cash costs of US$0.3 billion related to lower stripping capitalisation at Escondida and Spence, reflecting the phase of
           the respective mine plans.


           Outlook
           Total Copper production of between 1,845 and 2,045 kt is expected in FY2025.

           Escondida production of between 1,180 and 1,300 kt is expected in FY2025, reflecting both an expected increase in concentrator feed grade and
           throughput compared to FY2024.

           Spence production of between 240 and 270 kt is expected in FY2025.

           Copper South Australia production of between 310 and 340 kt is expected in FY2025.




For personal use only
           Antamina copper production of between 115 to 135 kt due to mine sequencing resulting in lower throughput, and zinc production of between 90 and 110
           kt is expected in FY2025.

           Escondida unit costs in FY2025 are expected to be between US$1.30 and US$1.60 per pound (at an exchange rate of USD/CLP 842).

           Spence unit costs in FY2025 are expected to be between US$2.00 and US$2.30 per pound (at an exchange rate of USD/CLP 842).

           Copper South Australia unit costs in FY2025 are expected to be between US$1.30 and US$1.80 per pound (at an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.66).


           Prior year comparatives
           The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2023 to 30 June 2022 has been omitted from this annual report on Form 20-F and can be found in our annual
           report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2023, filed on 5 September 2023.


           9.2          Iron Ore
           Detailed below is financial and operating information for our Iron Ore assets comparing FY2024 to FY2023.
           
          Year ended 30 June
          US$M                                                                                                                                     2024      2023
          Revenue                                                                                                                                  27,952    24,812
          Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                        18,913    16,692
          Net operating assets                                                                                                                     13,812    16,956
          Capital expenditure                                                                                                                       2,033     1,966
          Underlying ROCE                                                                                                                           83%        67%
          Total iron ore production (Mt)                                                                                                              260       257
          Average realised prices
          Iron ore (US$/wmt, FOB)                                                                                                                  101.04     92.54
          Unit Costs
             WAIO (US$/t)                                                                                                                           18.19     17.79


           Key drivers of Iron Ore’s financial results
           Price overview
           Iron ore consumption in China was strong in CY2023. In contrast, steel output continued to contract in developed regions albeit at a slower rate than
           previous years. Over the next two years we expect a small improvement in global steel production with growth led by India and Southeast Asia, with
           some additional growth from a recovery in developed regions. After a strong CY2023, we expect Chinese blast furnace run rates to ease in CY2024,
           under pressure from subdued steel margins and the potential for policy-driven production controls. During H2 FY2024, iron ore prices first declined and
           then traded in the range of around US$100 to US$120/t. A widening surplus has emerged with Chinese port inventories rising to elevated levels. For the
           balance of CY2024 and into CY2025, we expect supply from low-cost major iron ore producers to grow while iron ore consumption is experiencing a
           modest decline. Our estimate of real-time cost support continues to sit in the US$80 – US$100/t range on a 62% Fe CFR basis. Should surpluses persist
           as we forecast, we would expect some high-cost suppliers may be driven out of the market over time. How quickly and effectively the Chinese policies
           targeted at the property sector stabilise it, and the government’s approach to regulating steel production, will both be large swing factors for the
           remainder of CY2024 and into CY2025. In the medium term, China’s demand for iron ore is expected to be lower than it is today as it moves beyond the
           crude steel production plateau and as the ratio of scrap-based steelmaking rises. We maintain our view that China’s steel production has plateaued above
           1.0 and this is likely to continue across the mid-2020s. However, Chinese pig iron production is expected to decline during this period with more
           recycled scrap used in steelmaking. We expect demand for our products in other developing regions in Asia to offset this to a degree.
           
                                                                                      100
           Production
           Total Iron Ore production increased by 1 per cent to a record 260 Mt.

           WAIO achieved record production of 255 Mt (287 Mt on a 100 per cent basis), reflecting strong supply chain performance with increased capacity
           unlocked by the Port Debottlenecking Project 1 (PDP1) and record production at South Flank. These more than offset the impacts of the continued tie-in
           activity for the Rail Technology Programme 1 (RTP1). South Flank completed ramp up to full production capacity of 80 Mtpa (100 per cent basis) in
           FY2024 and following commissioning in December 2023, ramp up of PDP1 remains on track to be completed in CY2024.

           Samarco production increased by 5 per cent to 4.7 Mt (BHP share), as a result of higher concentrator throughput.


           Financial results
           Total Iron Ore revenue increased by US$3.1 billion to US$28.0 billion in FY2024, reflecting higher average realised prices and higher sales volumes as
           a result of record production from strong supply chain performance with increased capacity unlocked by PDP1 and record production at South Flank.

           Underlying EBITDA for Iron Ore increased by US$2.2 billion to US$18.9 billion primarily due to higher average realised prices, net of price-linked
           costs, of US$2.0 billion. Higher sales volumes increased Underlying EBITDA by US$0.6 billion driven by record production partially offset by
           US$0.2 billion of higher controllable cash costs as we ramped up South Flank and increased production. Other items, such as inflation and unfavourable
           foreign exchange rate impacts, were partially offset by lower fuel, energy and consumable price movements collectively reduced Underlying EBITDA
           by US$0.2 billion.


           Outlook
           WAIO production is expected to be between 250 and 260 Mt (282 and 294 Mt on a 100 per cent basis) in FY2025 as the Group ramps up the planned
           tie-in activities for RTP1.

           WAIO unit costs in FY2025 are expected to be between US$18.00 and US$19.50 per tonne (based on an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.66).




For personal use only
           Samarco production is expected to be between 5 and 5.5 Mt (BHP share) in FY2025 with the second concentrator expected to come online during Q3
           FY2025.


           Prior year comparatives
           The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2023 to 30 June 2022 has been omitted from this annual report on Form 20-F and can be found in our annual
           report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2023, filed on 5 September 2023.


           9.3          Coal
           Detailed below is financial and operating information for our Coal assets comparing FY2024 to FY2023.
           
          Year ended 30 June
          US$M                                                                                                                                    2024     2023
          Revenue                                                                                                                                  7,666   10,958
          Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                        2,290    4,998
          Net operating assets                                                                                                                     6,472    7,266
          Capital expenditure                                                                                                                        646      657
          Underlying ROCE                                                                                                                          19%       47%
          Total steelmaking coal production (Mt)                                                                                                      22       29
          Total energy coal production (Mt)                                                                                                           15       14
          Average realised prices
            Steelmaking coal (US$/t)                                                                                                             266.06    271.05
               Hard coking coal (HCC) (US$/t)                                                                                                    273.03    273.59
               Weak coking coal (WCC) (US$/t)                                                                                                    205.54    251.13
            Thermal coal (US$/t)                                                                                                                 121.52    236.51
          Unit Costs
            BMA (US$/t)                                                                                                                          119.54     96.46
           
                                                                                    101
           Key drivers of Coal’s financial results
           Price overview
           Across FY2024, steelmaking coal prices were relatively stable with an overall slight decline in prices. The demand picture was mixed with strong Indian
           steel production growth and recovery in the EU from the lows of CY2023, offsetting output contractions in both Northeast Asia and North America.
           Against this backdrop, Australian supply recovered slower than expectations, while Mongolian exports continued to surge. Notwithstanding recent
           supply side challenges, we still expect a modest recovery of seaborne supply in the near term. Meanwhile, availability of land borne imports into China
           and operational recovery of Chinese domestic mines are key uncertainties. On seaborne demand, India is expected to maintain its current strong
           momentum while OECD importing regions are likely to experience a gradual pickup in their steel industries. While seaborne supply in the steelmaking
           coal market is expected see a marginal surplus in CY2025 the supply of higher-quality coals is likely to stay relatively tight. Over the longer term, we
           expect that higher-quality steelmaking coals, such as those produced by our BMA assets, will be valued for their role in reducing the GHG emissions
           intensity of blast furnaces and, combined with the growth of the steel industry in hard coking coal importing countries such as India, will have growing
           and resilient demand for decades to come. With the major seaborne supply region of Queensland being currently less conducive to long-life capital
           investment as a result of changes to the royalty regime, the scarcity value of higher-quality steelmaking coals may well also increase over time.


           Production
           Steelmaking coal
           BMA production decreased by 23 per cent to 22.3 Mt (44.6 Mt on a 100 per cent basis) as a result of increased stripping to improve supply chain
           stability and restore depleted inventory positions, which arose from extended weather impacts and labour constraints over recent years, and the
           divestment of Blackwater and Daunia on 2 April 2024. Production was also impacted by an extended longwall move and geotechnical faulting at
           Broadmeadow during H1 FY2024, and the temporary suspension of operations following the fatality of a team member at Saraji. Blackwater and
           Daunia produced 5 Mt (10 Mt on a 100 per cent basis) in FY2024 prior to their divestment.


           Energy coal
           NSWEC production increased by 8 per cent to 15.4 Mt due to strong operating performance as improved weather and labour availability enabled an
           uplift in truck productivity.




For personal use only
           Financial results
           Coal revenue decreased by US$3.3 billion to US$7.7 billion in FY2024 mainly due to lower average realised prices, lower volumes at BMA as a result
           of increased stripping to improve supply chain stability and the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia, partially offset by higher volumes at NSWEC due
           to strong operating performance.

           Underlying EBITDA for Coal decreased by US$2.7 billion to US$2.3 billion. Price impacts, net of price-linked costs, decreased Underlying EBITDA by
           US$1.5 billion.

           Lower sales volumes of US$1.0 billion were due to lower production at BMA, including the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia, partially offset by
           higher production at NSWEC. Inflation negatively impacted Underlying EBITDA by US$0.1 billion and controllable cash costs increased by
           US$0.1 billion from higher stripping and contractor costs to support higher production at NSWEC.


           Outlook
           BMA coal production for FY2025 is expected to be between 16.5 and 19 Mt (33 and 38 Mt on a 100 per cent basis), reflecting the divestment of
           Blackwater and Daunia and impact of elevated strip ratios as we continue to improve supply chain stability and re-establish raw coal inventory
           positions.

           BMA unit costs in FY2025 are expected to be between US$112 and US$124 per tonne (based on an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.66).

           NSWEC coal production for FY2025 is expected to be between 13 and 15 Mt.


           Prior year comparatives

           The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2023 to 30 June 2022 has been omitted from this annual report on Form 20-F and can be found in our annual
           report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2023, filed on 5 September 2023.


           9.4          Other assets
           Detailed below is an analysis of Other assets’ financial and operating performance comparing FY2024 to FY2023.


           Western Australia Nickel
           Key drivers of Western Australia Nickel’s financial results
           Price overview
           The nickel industry moved into significant surplus during CY2023. Indonesia produced almost 20 per cent of global primary nickel in CY2019, and that
           share increased to over 50 per cent by CY2023. This came at a time of weak traditional stainless steel demand in the OECD and global battery value
           chain destocking. The nickel market weakness has continued into CY2024 albeit with a brief price rebound in May on supply curtailments and
           disruptions in Australia and New Caledonia. On the demand side, electric vehicle sales remained solid in China, but penetration rates in the OECD have
           slowed in parallel with weaker traditional stainless steel demand for nickel, which caused global visible nickel stocks to rise. These trends are expected
           to continue into CY2025 suggesting that the market will remain in surplus over that period. While voluntary curtailments continue to occur across the
           industry, including by BHP, these are still not near the scale that would be expected to balance the market near term. We estimate that we are still in a
           multi-year run of surpluses. Longer term, we see the market rebalancing in the late 2020s as we continue to believe nickel will be a core beneficiary of
           the electrification megatrend.
           
                                                                                      102
           Production
           Nickel West production increased by 2 per cent to 81.6 kt, as we produced a higher proportion of the lower value matte products as a result of increased
           maintenance at Kwinana Refinery and severe weather events.


           Financial results
           Western Australia Nickel revenue decreased by US$0.5 billion to US$1.5 billion in FY2024, reflecting lower average realised prices.

           Underlying EBITDA for Western Australia Nickel decreased by US$0.5 billion to a loss of US$0.3 billion. Price impacts, net of price-linked costs,
           decreased Underlying EBITDA by US$0.4 billion. Controllable cash costs increased by US$0.1 billion due to increased third-party ore purchases
           following delivery issues in FY2023.


           Outlook
           On 11 July 2024, we announced the temporary suspension of operations at Western Australia Nickel and that operations will be suspended by October
           2024 and handover activities for temporary suspension will be completed by December 2024. BHP intends to review the decision to temporarily
           suspend Western Australia Nickel by February 2027.


           Potash
           Potash recorded an Underlying EBITDA loss of US$255 million in FY2024, compared to a loss of US$205 million in FY2023.

           Jansen Stage 1 is 52 per cent complete and remains on track for first production in late CY2026 with a two-year expected ramp up period. The
           engineering work and execution of procurement agreements is largely complete. In FY2024, a longer than usual summer season enabled early
           completion of the mill’s foundation. In FY2025, underground and surface construction works will continue, including structural, mechanical and
           electrical activities for the mill areas. The Group also expects to complete the conversion of the service shaft headframe to a permanent structure.

           Jansen Stage 2 execution activity has now commenced and is 2 per cent complete, with first production expected in FY2029, followed by an expected




For personal use only
           three-year ramp-up period. In FY2025, the focus will be on detailed engineering, procurement for major equipment and construction packages, and
           structural steel fabrication.


           Price overview
           Potash demand has been strong in CY2024, after a sharp rebound in CY2023, with global potash shipments this year estimated to return to its previous
           CY2020 peak level of 72 Mtpa, driven by good affordability and inventory build-up. In the medium-term existing capacity in the FSU is expected to
           trend back to normal operating rates, while new supply could also come from the region, including some expansion projects potentially resuming
           construction. Longer term, we believe that potash stands to benefit from the intersection of global megatrends: rising population, changing diets and the
           need for the more sustainable intensification of agriculture on the globe’s finite arable land. We consider this compelling demand picture, rising
           geopolitical uncertainty and the maturity of the existing production asset base to provide an attractive entry opportunity in a lower-risk supply
           jurisdiction such as Saskatchewan, Canada.


           Prior year comparatives
           The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2023 to 30 June 2022 has been omitted from this annual report on Form 20-F and can be found in our annual
           report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2023, filed on 5 September 2023.


           9.5          Impact of changes to commodity prices
           The prices we obtain for our products are a key driver of value for BHP. Fluctuations in these commodity prices affect our results, including cash flows
           and asset values. The estimated impact of changes in commodity prices in FY2024 on our key financial measures is set out below.
           
                                                                                                                                                          Impact on
                                                                                                                           Impact on profit               Underlying
                                                                                                                            after taxation                 EBITDA
                                                                                                                               (US$M)                      (US$M)
           US¢1/lb on copper price                                                                                                       26                       37
           US$1/t on iron ore price                                                                                                     163                      233
           US$1/t on steelmaking coal price                                                                                                7                      10
           US$1/t on energy coal price                                                                                                   10                       14
           US¢1/lb on nickel price                                                                                                         1                       1
           
                                                                                       103
           10           Non-IFRS financial information
           We use various non-IFRS financial information to reflect our underlying financial performance.

           Non-IFRS financial information is not defined or specified under the requirements of IFRS, but is derived from the Group’s Consolidated Financial
           Statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. The non-IFRS financial information and the below reconciliations included in this Report are unaudited.
           The non-IFRS financial information presented is consistent with how management reviews financial performance of the Group with the Board and the
           investment community.

           Sections 10.1 and 10.2 outline why we believe non-IFRS financial information is useful and the calculation methodology. We believe non-IFRS
           financial information provides useful information, however should not be considered as an indication of, or as a substitute for, statutory measures as an
           indicator of actual operating performance (such as profit or net operating cash flow) or any other measure of financial performance or position presented
           in accordance with IFRS, or as a measure of a company’s profitability, liquidity or financial position.

           The following tables provide reconciliations between non-IFRS financial information and their nearest respective IFRS measure.


           Exceptional items
           To improve the comparability of underlying financial performance between reporting periods, some of our non-IFRS financial information adjusts the
           relevant IFRS measures for exceptional items.

           >For more information on exceptional items refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’

           Exceptional items are those gains or losses where their nature, including the expected frequency of the events giving rise to them, and impact is
           considered material to the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements. The exceptional items included within the Group’s profit for the financial years
           are detailed below.
           
                                                                                                                                     2024       2023       2022
           Year ended 30 June




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                    US$M        US$M       US$M
           Continuing operations
           Revenue                                                                                                                        –          –           –
           Other income                                                                                                                 877          –         840
           Expenses excluding net finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairments                                            (139)      (103)       (494)
           Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                  –          –           –
           Net impairments                                                                                                           (3,800)         –           –
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                                         (3,032)       215        (676)
           Profit/(loss) from operations                                                                                             (6,094)       112        (330)

           Financial expenses                                                                                                          (506)      (452)       (290)
           Financial income                                                                                                               –          –           –
           Net finance costs                                                                                                           (506)      (452)       (290)
           Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                                                             (6,600)      (340)       (620)

           Income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                                                 837       (266)       (454)
           Royalty-related taxation (net of income tax benefit)                                                                           –          –           –
           Total taxation (expense)/benefit                                                                                             837       (266)       (454)
           Profit/(loss) after taxation from Continuing operations                                                                   (5,763)      (606)     (1,074)
           Discontinued operations
           Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations                                                                      –          –       8,159
           Profit/(loss) after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                  (5,763)      (606)      7,085
             Total exceptional items attributable to non-controlling interests                                                            –       (107)          –
             Total exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                (5,763)      (499)      7,085

           Exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders per share (US cents)                                                   (113.7)       (9.8)     140.0
           Weighted basic average number of shares (Million)                                                                          5,068      5,064       5,061
           
                                                                                     104
           Non-IFRS financial information derived from Consolidated Income Statement
           Underlying attributable profit
           
                                                                                                                      2024        2023       2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                         US$M        US$M       US$M
           Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations attributable to BHP shareholders          7,897      12,921     30,900
           Total exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders1                                                   5,763         499     (7,085)
           Underlying attributable profit                                                                             13,660      13,420     23,815
           
           1.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.


           Underlying basic earnings per share
           
                                                                                                                 2024          2023          2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                   US cents      US cents      US cents
           Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                                       155.8        255.2         610.6
           Exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders per share1                                           113.7           9.8       (140.0)
           Underlying basic earnings per ordinary share                                                            269.5        265.0         470.6
           
           1.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.


           Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations
           
                                                                                                                     2024        2023         2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                        US$M        US$M        US$M




For personal use only
           Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations attributable to BHP shareholders         7,897      12,921       30,900
           (Profit)/loss after taxation from Discontinued operations attributable to members of BHP                       –           –      (10,655)
           Total exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders1                                                  5,763         499       (7,085)
           Total exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders for Discontinued operations2                          –           –        8,159
           Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations                                                    13,660      13,420       21,319
           
           1.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.
           

           2.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 28 ‘Discontinued operations’.


           Underlying basic earnings per share – Continuing operations
           
                                                                                                                       2024       2023        2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                          US$M       US$M        US$M
           Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations                                                      13,660     13,420      21,319
           Weighted basic average number of shares (Million)                                                            5,068      5,064       5,061
           Underlying attributable earnings per ordinary share – Continuing operations (US cents)                       269.5      265.0       421.2

           Underlying EBITDA
           
                                                                                                                     2024         2023        2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                        US$M         US$M        US$M
           Profit from operations                                                                                    17,537       22,932      34,106
           Exceptional items included in profit from operations1                                                      6,094         (112)        330
           Underlying EBIT                                                                                           23,631       22,820      34,436
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                      5,295        5,061       5,683
           Net impairments                                                                                            3,890           75         515
           Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1                                  (3,800)           –           –
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                         29,016       27,956      40,634
           
           1.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.
           
                                                                                           105
           Underlying EBITDA – Segment
           
                                                                                                                                              Group and
                                                                                                                                              unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                                               items/        Total
           US$M                                                                                           Copper      Iron Ore     Coal      eliminations2     Group
           Profit from operations                                                                          6,524        13,759     2,557             (5,303)   17,537
           Exceptional items included in profit from operations1                                               –         3,066      (880)             3,908     6,094
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                           2,023         2,027       611                634     5,295
           Net impairments                                                                                    17            61         2              3,810     3,890
           Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1                            –             –         –             (3,800)   (3,800)
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                               8,564        18,913     2,290               (751)   29,016

                                                                                                                                              Group and
                                                                                                                                              unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2023                                                                                                               items/        Total
           US$M                                                                                            Copper     Iron Ore     Coal      eliminations2     Group
           Profit from operations                                                                           4,810       14,847     4,295             (1,020)   22,932
           Exceptional items included in profit from operations1                                                –         (176)        –                 64      (112)
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                            1,810        1,993       697                561     5,061
           Net impairments                                                                                     33           28         6                  8        75
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                6,653       16,692     4,998               (387)   27,956

                                                                                                                                              Group and
                                                                                                                                              unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                               items/        Total
           US$M                                                                                            Copper     Iron Ore     Coal      eliminations2     Group




For personal use only
           Profit from operations                                                                           6,330       18,742     9,582              (548)    34,106
           Exceptional items included in profit from operations1                                                –          729      (849)               450       330
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                            1,765        2,203       762                953     5,683
           Net impairments                                                                                    470           33         9                  3       515
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                8,565       21,707     9,504                858    40,634
           
           1.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.
           

           2.           Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Western Australia Nickel (which comprises the
                        Nickel West operations and, following the OZ Minerals (OZL) acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project), legacy assets and
                        consolidation adjustments.
           
                                                                                           106
                                                                                                                                        Exceptional
                                                                           Exceptional                                               items included in
                                                                         items included                                                Depreciation,
           Year ended 30 June 2024                      Profit from       in profit from       Depreciation             Net          amortisation and     Underlying
           US$M                                         operations         operations1       and amortisation       impairments        impairments1        EBITDA
           Potash                                               (257)                   –                   2                 –                      –          (255)
           Western Australia Nickel2                         (4,174)                3,800                  72             3,800                 (3,800)         (302)
           Other3                                               (872)                 108                 560                10                      –          (194)
           Total                                             (5,303)                3,908                 634             3,810                 (3,800)         (751)

                                                                                                                                        Exceptional
                                                                           Exceptional                                               items included in
                                                                         items included                                                Depreciation,
           Year ended 30 June 2023                      Profit from       in profit from        Depreciation           Net           amortisation and     Underlying
           US$M                                         operations         operations1        and amortisation      impairments        impairments1        EBITDA
           Potash                                               (207)                   –                     2               –                      –          (205)
           Western Australia Nickel2                              55                    –                  105                2                      –           162
           Other3                                               (868)                  64                  454                6                      –          (344)
           Total                                             (1,020)                   64                  561                8                      –          (387)

                                                                                                                                        Exceptional
                                                                           Exceptional                                               items included in
                                                                         items included                                                Depreciation,
           Year ended 30 June 2022                      Profit from       in profit from        Depreciation           Net           amortisation and     Underlying
           US$M                                         operations         operations1        and amortisation      impairments        impairments1        EBITDA
           Potash                                               (149)                   –                     2               –                      –          (147)
           Western Australia Nickel2                             327                    –                    91               2                      –           420
           Other3                                               (726)                 450                  860                1                      –           585




For personal use only
           Total                                                (548)                 450                  953                3                      –           858
           
           1.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.
           
           2.           Western Australia Nickel comprises the Nickel West operations and, following the OZL acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project.
           

           3.           Other includes functions, other unallocated operations, legacy assets and consolidation adjustments.


           Underlying EBITDA margin
           
                                                                                                                                               Group and
                                                                                                                                               unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                                                items/       Total
           US$M                                                                                              Copper      Iron Ore     Coal    eliminations1    Group
           Revenue – Group production                                                                         16,545       27,927     7,666           1,470    53,608
           Revenue – Third-party products                                                                      2,021           25         –               4     2,050
           Revenue                                                                                            18,566       27,952     7,666           1,474    55,658
           Underlying EBITDA – Group production                                                                8,490       18,916     2,290            (753)   28,943
           Underlying EBITDA – Third-party products                                                               74           (3)        –               2        73
           Underlying EBITDA2                                                                                  8,564       18,913     2,290            (751)   29,016
           Segment contribution to the Group’s Underlying EBITDA3                                              29%           64%        7%                      100%
           Underlying EBITDA margin4                                                                           51%           68%      30%                        54%
           
                                                                                            107
                                                                                                                                                   Group and
                                                                                                                                                   unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2023                                                                                           Iron                     items/        Total
           US$M                                                                                                 Copper       Ore        Coal      eliminations1     Group
           Revenue – Group production                                                                           14,164      24,791     10,958             2,009     51,922
           Revenue – Third-party products                                                                        1,863           21          –               11      1,895
           Revenue                                                                                              16,027      24,812     10,958             2,020     53,817
           Underlying EBITDA – Group production                                                                  6,635      16,693      4,998              (387)    27,939
           Underlying EBITDA – Third-party products                                                                 18          (1)          –                –         17
           Underlying EBITDA2                                                                                    6,653      16,692      4,998              (387)    27,956
           Segment contribution to the Group’s Underlying EBITDA3                                                 23%          59%       18%                         100%
           Underlying EBITDA margin4                                                                              47%          67%       46%                          54%

                                                                                                                                                   Group and
                                                                                                                                                   unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                           Iron                     items/        Total
           US$M                                                                                                 Copper       Ore        Coal      eliminations1     Group
           Revenue – Group production                                                                           13,946      30,748     15,549             1,860     62,103
           Revenue – Third-party products                                                                        2,903           19          –               73      2,995
           Revenue                                                                                              16,849      30,767     15,549             1,933     65,098
           Underlying EBITDA – Group production                                                                  8,529      21,707      9,504               858     40,598
           Underlying EBITDA – Third-party products                                                                 36            –          –                –         36
           Underlying EBITDA2                                                                                    8,565      21,707      9,504               858     40,634
           Segment contribution to the Group’s Underlying EBITDA3                                                 22%          54%       24%                         100%
           Underlying EBITDA margin4                                                                              61%          71%       61%                          65%
           
           1.           Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Western Australia Nickel (which comprises the




For personal use only
                        Nickel West operations and, following the OZL acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project), legacy assets and consolidation
                        adjustments.
           
           2.           We differentiate sales of our production (which may include third-party product feed) from direct sales of third-party products to better measure
                        our operational profitability as a percentage of revenue. We may buy and sell third-party products to ensure a steady supply of product to our
                        customers where there is occasional production variability or shortfalls from our assets.
           
           3.           Percentage contribution to Group Underlying EBITDA, excluding Group and unallocated items.
           
           4.           Underlying EBITDA margin excludes third-party products.
           
                                                                                             108
           Effective tax rate
           
                                                                       2024                                   2023                                                                                2022
                                                       Profit before     Income               Profit before     Income                                  Profit before                               Income
                                                         taxation      tax expense              taxation      tax expense                                 taxation                                tax expense
           Year ended 30 June                             US$M            US$M         %         US$M            US$M                           %          US$M                                      US$M                                     %
           Statutory effective tax rate                       16,048         (6,447)   40.2         21,401         (7,077)                     33.1           33,137                                  (10,737)                               32.4
           Adjusted for:
           Exchange rate movements                                –             (79)                     –             94                                                    –                               (233)
           Exceptional items1                                 6,600            (837)                   340            266                                                  620                                454
           Adjusted effective tax rate                       22,648          (7,363)   32.5         21,741         (6,717)                     30.9                     33,757                            (10,516)                           31.2
           
           1.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.


           Non-IFRS financial information derived from Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
           Capital and exploration expenditure
           
                                                                                                                                                    2024                                      2023                                      2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                     US$M                                   US$M                                   US$M 
           Capital expenditure (purchases of property, plant and equipment)                                                                          8,816                                   6,733                                   5,855
           Add: Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                                            
                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                         457                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                   350                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             256    




           Capital and exploration expenditure (cash basis) – Continuing operations                                               
                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                       9,273                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                 7,083                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            6,111   




           Capital expenditure (purchases of property, plant and equipment) – Discontinued operations                                                         –                                       –                               1,050
           Add: Exploration and evaluation expenditure – Discontinued operations                                                  
                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                –                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                          – 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              384   




                                                                                                                                                              –                                       – 




For personal use only
           Capital and exploration expenditure (cash basis) – Discontinued operations                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            1,434   




           Capital and exploration expenditure (cash basis) – Total operations                                                    
                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                        9,273                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                  7,083                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            7,545   




           Free cash flow
           
                                                                                                                                                   2024                                      2023                                       2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                    US$M                                    US$M                                     US$M 
           Net operating cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                                     20,665                                   18,701                                    29,285
           Net investing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                           
                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                     (8,762) 
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                              (13,065) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (4,973)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                




           Free cash flow – Continuing operations                                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                     11,903 
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                5,636 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          24,312




           Net operating cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                                        –                                         –                                    2,889
           Net investing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                                        –                                         –                                     (904)
           Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                                             –                                         –                                     (683)
           Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                       
                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                          – 
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                     – 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (399)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                




           Free cash flow – Discontinued operations                                                                      
                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                          – 
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                     – 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             903




           Free cash flow – Total operations                                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                     11,903 
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                5,636 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          25,215




           
                                                                                           109
           Non-IFRS financial information derived from Consolidated Balance Sheet
           Net debt and gearing ratio
           
                                                                                                                                          2024                             2023                             2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                           US$M                           US$M                           US$M 
           Interest bearing liabilities – Current                                                                                          2,084                           7,173                           2,622
           Interest bearing liabilities – Non-current                                                                        
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                            18,634 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                             15,172 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              13,806




           Total interest bearing liabilities                                                                                
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                            20,718 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                             22,345 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              16,428




           Comprising:                                                                                                                                                           
            Borrowing                                                                                                                     17,602                          19,326                          13,852
            Lease liabilities                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                             3,116 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                              3,019 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               2,576




           Less: Lease liability associated with index-linked freight contracts                                              
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                               511 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                287 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 274




           Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                            12,501 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                             12,428 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              17,236




               Less: Net debt management related instruments1                                                                             (1,395)                          (1,572)                        (1,688)
               Less: Net cash management related instruments2                                                                
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                               (19) 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                  36 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 273




           Less: Total derivatives included in net debt                                                                      
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                            (1,414) 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                              (1,536) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              (1,415)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




           Net debt                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                             9,120 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                             11,166 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 333




           Net assets                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                            49,120 
                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                             48,530 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              48,766




           Gearing                                                                                                                        15.7%                            18.7%                           0.7%
           
                                                                                                                                                                                                        




           1.           Represents the net cross currency and interest rate swaps included within current and non-current other financial assets and liabilities.
           
           2.           Represents the net forward exchange contracts related to cash management included within current and non-current other financial assets and
                        liabilities.




For personal use only
           Net debt waterfall
           
                                                                                                                                                                           2024                             2023
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                                            US$M                           US$M 
           Net debt at the beginning of the period                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                            (11,166) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                (333)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




               Net operating cash flows                                                                                                                                     20,665                         18,701
               Net investing cash flows                                                                                                                                     (8,762)                       (13,065)
               Net financing cash flows                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                             (11,669) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                             (10,315)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




           Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                           
                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                 234 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                              (4,679)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




           Carrying value of interest bearing liability net repayments/(proceeds)                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                               2,236 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                              (4,893)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




           Carrying value of debt related instruments settlements                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                321 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 677




           Carrying value of cash management related instruments proceeds                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                (361) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                (331)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




               Fair value change on hedged loans                                                                                                                               214                            803
               Fair value change on hedging derivatives                                                                                                                       (188)                          (691)
               Foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            (159)                          (134)
               Lease additions (excluding leases associated with index-linked freight contracts)                                                                              (429)                          (472)
               Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations1                                                                                                                       –                         (1,111)
               Divestment of subsidiaries and operations2                                                                                                                       60                              –
               Other                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                 118 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




           Non-cash movements                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                (384) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                              (1,607)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    




           Net debt at the end of the period                                                                                                                                (9,120)                       (11,166)
           
                                                                                                                                                                                                            




           1.           US$1,111 million of Interest bearing liabilities were acquired on 2 May 2023 as part of the acquisition of OZL. Excludes US$104 million cash
                        acquired which is included in Net investing cash flows.
           
           2.           Relates to leases disposed as part of the Blackwater and Daunia mines divestment completed on 2 April 2024. Refer to Financial Statements note 3
                        ‘Exceptional items’ for further information.
           
                                                                                              110
           Net operating assets
           The following table reconciles Net operating assets for the Group to Net assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
           
                                                                                                                                                         2024                     2023
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                          US$M                   US$M 
           Net assets                                                                                                                                    49,120                  48,530
           Less: Non-operating assets                                                                                                                            
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                   (12,501)                (12,428)
            Trade and other receivables1                                                                                                                   (306)                    (26)
            Other financial assets2                                                                                                                      (1,398)                   (996)
            Current tax assets                                                                                                                             (314)                   (508)
            Deferred tax assets                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                              (67) 
                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                       (56)
                                                                                                                                                                                          




           Add: Non-operating liabilities                                                                                                                        
            Trade and other payables3                                                                                                                       297                     277
               Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                              20,718                  22,345
               Other financial liabilities4                                                                                                               1,558                   1,764
               Current tax payable                                                                                                                          884                     611
               Non-current tax payable                                                                                                                       40                      68
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                            3,332 
                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                     4,299




           Net operating assets                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                           61,363 
                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                    63,880




           Net operating assets                                                                                                                                 
           Copper                                                                                                                                        36,368                  34,229
           Iron Ore                                                                                                                                      13,812                  16,956
           Coal                                                                                                                                           6,472                   7,266
           Group and unallocated items5                                                                                                                   4,711                   5,429




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                  




           Total                                                                                                                                         61,363                  63,880
           
                                                                                                                                                                                  




           1.           Represents external finance receivable, receivables related to divestment of subsidiaries and operations and accrued interest receivable included
                        within other receivables.
           
           2.           Represents cross currency and interest rate swaps, forward exchange contracts related to cash management and investment in shares, other
                        investments, deferred receivable from divestment of subsidiaries and operations and associated receivables contingent on outcome of future events
                        relating to realised commodity prices.
           
           3.           Represents accrued interest payable included within other payables.
           
           4.           Represents cross currency and interest rate swaps and forward exchange contracts related to cash management.
           
           5.           Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Western Australia Nickel (which comprises the
                        Nickel West operations and, following the OZL acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project), legacy assets and consolidation
                        adjustments.
           
                                                                                              111
           Other non-IFRS financial information
           Principal factors that affect Revenue, Profit from operations and Underlying EBITDA
           The following table describes the impact of the principal factors that affected Revenue, Profit from operations and Underlying EBITDA for FY2024 and
           relates them back to our Consolidated Income Statement.

           >For information on the method of calculation of the principal factors that affect Revenue, Profit from operations and Underlying EBITDA
           refer to OFR 10.2
           
                                                                                              Total expenses,                          Depreciation,
                                                                                              Other income                             amortisation
                                                                                                and Profit/                                and
                                                                                                (loss) from                            impairments
                                                                                                   equity                                  and
                                                                                                accounted           Profit from         Exceptional         Underlying
                                                                              Revenue          investments          operations            Items              EBITDA
                                                                               US$M                US$M               US$M                US$M                US$M
           Year ended 30 June 2023
           Revenue                                                               53,817
           Other income                                                                                    394
           Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                        (31,873)
           Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related
           impairments and expenses                                                                       594
           Total other income, expenses excluding net finance costs and
           Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related
           impairments and expenses                                                                    (30,885)
           Profit from operations                                                                                         22,932
           Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1                                                                                          5,136
           Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and




For personal use only
           impairments                                                                                                                              –
           Exceptional items                                                                                                                     (112)
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                                      27,956
           Change in sales prices                                                 1,476                      –              1,476                   –              1,476
           Price-linked costs                                                         –                    108                108                   –                108
           Net price impact                                                       1,476                    108              1,584                   –              1,584
           Change in volumes                                                         55                    (45)                10                   –                 10
           Operating cash costs                                                       –                   (655)              (655)                  –               (655)
           Exploration and business development                                       –                   (118)              (118)                  –               (118)
           Change in controllable cash costs2                                         –                   (773)              (773)                  –               (773)
           Exchange rates                                                            (1)                   254                253                   –                253
           Inflation on costs                                                         –                   (686)              (686)                  –               (686)
           Fuel, energy and consumable price movements                                –                    487                487                   –                487
           Non-cash                                                                   –                   (301)              (301)                  –               (301)
           One-off items                                                              –                    316                316                   –                316
           Change in other costs                                                     (1)                    70                 69                   –                 69
           Asset sales                                                                –                     38                 38                   –                 38
           Ceased and sold operations                                              (983)                   473               (510)                  –               (510)
           New and acquired operations                                              918                   (390)               528                   –                528
           Other                                                                    376                   (262)               114                   –                114
           Depreciation, amortisation and impairments                                 –                   (249)              (249)                249                  –
           Exceptional items                                                          –                 (6,206)            (6,206)              6,206                  –
           Year ended 30 June 2024
           Revenue                                                               55,658
           Other income                                                                                  1,285
           Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                        (36,750)
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related
           impairments and expenses                                                                     (2,656)
           Total other income, expenses excluding net finance costs and
           (loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related
           impairments and expenses                                                                    (38,121)
           Profit from operations                                                                                         17,537
           Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1                                                                                          9,185
           Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and
           impairments                                                                                                                         (3,800)
           Exceptional items                                                                                                                    6,094
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                                      29,016
           
           1.           Depreciation and impairments that we classify as exceptional items are excluded from depreciation, amortisation and impairments. Depreciation,
                        amortisation and impairments includes non-exceptional impairments of US$90 million (FY2023: US$75 million).
           
           2.           Collectively, we refer to the change in operating cash costs and change in exploration and business development as Change in controllable cash
                        costs. Operating cash costs by definition do not include non-cash costs. The change in operating cash costs also excludes the impact of exchange
                        rates and inflation, changes in fuel, energy costs and consumable costs, changes in exploration and evaluation and business development costs and
                        one-off items. These items are excluded so as to provide a consistent measurement of changes in costs across all segments, based on the factors
                        that are within the control and responsibility of the segment.
           
                                                                                           112
           Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE)
           
                                                                                                                                                  2024        2023           2022
           Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                     US$M        US$M           US$M
           Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                                       9,601      14,324         33,055
           Exceptional items1                                                                                                                      5,763         606         (7,085)
           Subtotal                                                                                                                               15,364      14,930         25,970
           Adjusted for:
           Net finance costs                                                                                                                       1,489        1,531         1,128
           Exceptional items included within net finance costs1                                                                                     (506)        (452)         (290)
           Income tax expense on net finance costs                                                                                                  (303)        (342)         (287)
           Profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and exceptional items                                                                16,044       15,667        26,521

           Net assets at the beginning of the period                                                                                              48,530       48,766        55,605
           Net debt at the beginning of the period                                                                                                11,166          333         4,121
           Capital employed at the beginning of the period                                                                                        59,696       49,099        59,726
           Net assets at the end of the period                                                                                                    49,120       48,530        48,766
           Net debt at the end of the period                                                                                                       9,120       11,166           333
           Capital employed at the end of the period                                                                                              58,240       59,696        49,099
           Average capital employed                                                                                                               58,968       54,398        54,413

           Underlying return on capital employed                                                                                                  27.2%        28.8%           48.7%
           
           1.           For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

           Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE) by segment
           




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                       Group and
                                                                                                                                                       unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                                                        items/               Total
           US$M                                                                                                  Copper    Iron Ore       Coal        eliminations1            Group
           Profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and exceptional items                                 4,099      11,877      1,254               (1,186)          16,044
           Average capital employed                                                                               31,205     14,259       6,529                6,975           58,968
           Underlying return on capital employed                                                                   13%          83%       19%                      –           27.2%

                                                                                                                                                       Group and
                                                                                                                                                       unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2023                                                                                                                        items/               Total
           US$M                                                                                                  Copper    Iron Ore       Coal        eliminations1            Group
           Profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and exceptional items                                 3,293     10,300       2,970               (896)            15,667
           Average capital employed                                                                               27,594     15,467       6,281               5,056            54,398
           Underlying return on capital employed                                                                    12%        67%         47%                    –            28.8%
           
           1.           Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Western Australia Nickel (which comprises the
                        Nickel West operations and, following the OZL acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project), legacy assets and consolidation
                        adjustments.


           Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE) by asset
           
                                                                                                                                                            New
                                                                                                                                                           South
                                                                     Western                       BHP             Copper    Western                       Wales
           Year ended 30 June 2024                                   Australia                   Mitsubishi Pampa  South     Australia                     Energy               Total
           US$M                                                      Iron Ore Antamina Escondida Alliance   Norte Australia1 Nickel2            Potash3     Coal4    Other      Group
           Profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and
           exceptional items                                           11,939       440      2,912       1,038      296       671       (369)      (265)      277      (895)    16,044
           Average capital employed                                    19,732     1,404     10,677       6,731    4,224    14,578      1,269      5,303      (364)   (4,586)    58,968
           Underlying return on capital employed                         61%       31%        27%         15%       7%        5%           –          –         –         –     27.2%
           
                                                                                           113
                                                                                                                                                               New
                                                                                                                                                              South
                                                                               Western                       BHP             Copper    Western                Wales
           Year ended 30 June 2023                                             Australia                   Mitsubishi Pampa  South     Australia              Energy              Total
           US$M                                                                Iron Ore Antamina Escondida Alliance   Norte Australia1 Nickel2      Potash3   Coal4     Other     Group
           Profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and exceptional
           items                                                                10,318       426      2,808     1,837     131       166      (51)     (137)    1,212    (1,043)   15,667
           Average capital employed                                             19,420     1,314     10,183     6,672   4,278    11,681    1,635     4,020      (591)   (4,214)   54,398
           Underlying return on capital employed                                  53%       32%        28%       28%      3%        1%      (3%)         –         –         –    28.8%
           
           1.           Includes Olympic Dam as well as Prominent Hill and Carrapateena which were acquired on 2 May 2023 as part of the acquisition of OZ Minerals
                        Ltd.
           
           2.           Western Australia Nickel comprises the Nickel West operations and, following the OZL acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project.
                        Western Australia Nickel ROCE has not been shown following the Group’s decision, announced on 11 July 2024, to temporarily suspend Nickel
                        West operations and the West Musgrave project at Western Australia Nickel.
           
           3.           Potash ROCE has not been shown because it is distorted as the asset is non-producing and in its development phase.
           
           4.           NSWEC ROCE has not been shown as it is distorted by negative capital employed due to the rehabilitation provision being the primary balance
                        remaining on Balance Sheet following previous impairments.
           
                                                                                                   114




For personal use only
           Unit costs
           Unit costs do not include the re-allocation to assets in FY2024 of the costs associated with the employee entitlements and allowances review conducted
           in FY2023, which were reported in Group and Unallocated in that period.

           The calculation of Escondida, Spence and Copper South Australia unit costs are set out in the tables below.
           
                                                                                                                      Escondida unit costs          Spence unit costs
           US$M                                                                                                       FY2024      FY2023           FY2024     FY2023
           Revenue                                                                                                     10,013         8,847          2,271       2,072
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                            5,759         4,934            961         767
           Gross costs                                                                                                  4,254         3,913          1,310       1,305
           Less: by-product credits                                                                                       523           459            105         137
           Less: freight                                                                                                  194           202             49          48
           Less: royalties                                                                                                 54              –             –            –
           Net costs                                                                                                    3,483         3,252          1,156       1,120
           Sales (kt)                                                                                                   1,087         1,051            246         241
           Sales (Mlb)                                                                                                  2,396         2,317            543         531
           Cost per pound (US$)1                                                                                         1.45          1.40           2.13        2.11
           
           1.           FY2024 based on average realised exchange rates of USD/CLP 907 (FY2023 USD/CLP 864).
           
                                                                                                                                                      Copper South
                                                                                                                                                    Australia unit costs
           US$M                                                                                                                                          FY2024
           Revenue                                                                                                                                                4,085
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                                      1,568
           Gross costs                                                                                                                                            2,517




For personal use only
           Less: by-product credits                                                                                                                               1,354
           Less: freight                                                                                                                                              57
           Less: royalties                                                                                                                                          141
           Less: re-allocation of costs associated with the employee entitlements and allowances review                                                               14
           Net costs                                                                                                                                                951
           Sales (kt)                                                                                                                                               314
           Sales (Mlb)                                                                                                                                              692
           Cost per pound (US$)1,2                                                                                                                                  1.37
           
           1.           FY2024 based on an average realised exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.66.
           
           2.           FY2023 comparative is not disclosed as Copper South Australia includes Olympic Dam as well as Prominent Hill and Carrapateena which were
                        acquired on 2 May 2023 as part of the acquisition of OZL which only contributed to the performance of the business from the date of acquisition.

           The calculation of WAIO unit costs is set out in the table below.
           
                                                                                                                                                    WAIO unit costs
           US$M                                                                                                                                    FY2024   FY2023
           Revenue                                                                                                                                   27,805    24,678
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                         18,964    16,660
           Gross costs                                                                                                                                8,841     8,018
           Less: freight                                                                                                                              2,182     1,876
           Less: royalties                                                                                                                            1,954     1,714
           Less: re-allocation of costs associated with the employee entitlements and allowances review                                                  48         –
           Net costs                                                                                                                                  4,657     4,428
           Sales (kt, equity share)                                                                                                                 255,977  248,883
           Cost per tonne (US$)1                                                                                                                      18.19     17.79
           
           1.           FY2024 based on an average realised exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.66 (FY2023 AUD/USD 0.67).
           
                                                                                           115
           The calculation of BMA unit costs is set out in the table below.
           
                                                                                                                                                   BMA unit costs
           US$M                                                                                                                                   FY2024 FY2023
           Revenue                                                                                                                                  5,873    7,652
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                        1,914    3,197
           Gross costs                                                                                                                              3,959    4,455
           Less: freight                                                                                                                               29       32
           Less: royalties                                                                                                                          1,260    1,667
           Less: re-allocation of costs associated with the employee entitlements and allowances review                                                 5         –
           Net costs                                                                                                                                2,665    2,756
           Sales (kt, equity share)                                                                                                                22,294   28,571
           Cost per tonne (US$)1                                                                                                                   119.54    96.46
           
           1.           FY2024 based on an average realised exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.66 (FY2023 AUD/USD 0.67).

           10.1 Definition and calculation of non-IFRS financial information
           
                 Non-IFRS financial                 Reasons why we believe the non-IFRS                        Calculation methodology
                 information                        financial information are useful
                 Underlying attributable profit     Allows the comparability of underlying financial           Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued
                                                    performance by excluding the impacts of exceptional        operations attributable to BHP shareholders excluding
                                                    items.                                                     any exceptional items attributable to BHP
                                                                                                               shareholders.
                                                    Allows the comparability of underlying financial
                                                    performance by excluding the impacts of exceptional
                 Underlying attributable profit                                                                Underlying attributable profit from Continuing
                                                    items and the contribution of Discontinued operations
                 – Continuing operations                                                                       operations also excludes the contribution of




For personal use only
                                                    and is also the basis on which our dividend payout ratio
                                                                                                               Discontinued operations from the above metrics.
                                                    policy is applied.
                 Underlying basic earnings per      On a per share basis, allows the comparability of          Underlying attributable profit divided by the weighted
                 share                              underlying financial performance by excluding the          basic average number of shares.
                                                    impacts of exceptional items.
                 Underlying basic earnings per                                                                 Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations
                                                    On a per share basis, allows the comparability of
                 share – Continuing operations                                                                 divided by the weighted basic average number of
                                                    underlying financial performance by excluding the
                                                                                                               shares.
                                                    impacts of exceptional items and the contribution of
                                                    Discontinued operations.
                 Underlying EBITDA                  Used to help assess current operational profitability      Earnings before net finance costs, depreciation,
                                                    excluding the impacts of sunk costs (i.e. depreciation     amortisation and impairments, taxation expense,
                                                    from initial investment). Each is a measure that           Discontinued operations and exceptional items.
                                                    management uses internally to assess the performance       Underlying EBITDA includes BHP’s share of
                                                    of the Group’s segments and make decisions on the          profit/(loss) from investments accounted for using the
                                                    allocation of resources.                                   equity method including net finance costs,
                                                                                                               depreciation, amortisation and impairments and
                                                                                                               taxation expense/(benefit).
                 Underlying EBITDA margin                                                                      Underlying EBITDA excluding third-party product
                                                                                                               EBITDA, divided by revenue excluding third-party
                                                                                                               product revenue.
                 Underlying EBIT                    Used to help assess current operational profitability      Earnings before net finance costs, taxation expense,
                                                    excluding net finance costs and taxation expense (each     Discontinued operations and any exceptional items.
                                                    of which are managed at the Group level) as well as        Underlying EBIT includes BHP’s share of profit/(loss)
                                                    Discontinued operations and any exceptional items.         from investments accounted for using the equity
                                                                                                               method including net finance costs and taxation
                                                                                                               expense/(benefit).
                 Profit from operations                                                                        Earnings before net finance costs, taxation expense and
                                                                                                               Discontinued operations. Profit from operations
                                                                                                               includes Revenue, Other income, Expenses excluding
                                                                                                               net finance costs and BHP’s share of profit/(loss) from
                                                                                                               investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                                               including net finance costs and taxation
                                                                                                               expense/(benefit).
                 Capital and exploration            Used as part of our Capital Allocation Framework to        Purchases of property, plant and equipment and
                 expenditure                        assess efficient deployment of capital. Represents the     exploration and evaluation expenditure including the
                                                    total outflows of our operational investing expenditure.   contribution of Discontinued operations.
                 Capital and exploration            Represents the total outflows of our operational           Purchases of property, plant and equipment and
                 expenditure – Continuing           investing expenditure excluding the contribution of        exploration and evaluation expenditure.
                 operations                         Discontinued operations.
           
                                                                                        116
                 Non-IFRS financial             Reasons why we believe the non-IFRS                         Calculation methodology
                 information                    financial information are useful
                 Free cash flow                 It is a key measure used as part of our Capital             Net operating cash flows less net investing cash flows.
                                                Allocation Framework. Reflects our operational cash
                                                performance inclusive of investment expenditure,
                 Free cash flow – Continuing                                                                Net operating cash flows from Continuing operations
                                                which helps to highlight how much cash was generated
                 operations                                                                                 less net investing cash flows from Continuing
                                                in the period to be available for the servicing of debt
                                                                                                            operations.
                                                and distribution to shareholders.
                                                Reflects our operational cash performance inclusive of
                                                investment expenditure, but excluding the contribution
                                                of Discontinued operations.
                 Net debt                       Net debt shows the position of gross debt less index-       Interest bearing liabilities less liability associated with
                                                linked freight contracts offset by cash immediately         index-linked freight contracts less cash and cash
                                                available to pay debt if required and any associated        equivalents less net cross currency and interest rate
                                                derivative financial instruments. Liability associated      swaps less net cash management related instruments
                                                with index-linked freight contracts, which are required     for the Group at the reporting date.
                                                to be remeasured to the prevailing freight index at each
                                                reporting date, are excluded from the net debt
                                                calculation due to the short-term volatility of the index
                                                they relate to not aligning with how the Group uses net
                                                debt for decision making in relation to the Capital
                                                Allocation Framework. Net debt includes the fair value
                                                of derivative financial instruments used to hedge cash
                                                and borrowings to reflect the Group’s risk management
                                                strategy of reducing the volatility of net debt caused by
                                                fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates.
                 Gearing ratio                  Net debt, along with the gearing ratio, is used to          Ratio of Net debt to Net debt plus Net assets.




For personal use only
                                                monitor the Group’s capital management by relating net
                                                debt relative to equity from shareholders.
                 Net operating assets           Enables a clearer view of the assets deployed to            Operating assets net of operating liabilities, including
                                                generate earnings by highlighting the net operating         the carrying value of equity accounted investments and
                                                assets of the business separate from the financing and      predominantly excludes cash balances, loans to
                                                tax balances. This measure helps provide an indicator       associates, interest bearing liabilities, derivatives
                                                of the underlying performance of our assets and             hedging our net debt, assets held for sale, liabilities
                                                enhances comparability between them.                        directly associated with assets held for sale and tax
                                                                                                            balances.
                 Underlying return on capital   Indicator of the Group’s capital efficiency and is          Profit after taxation excluding exceptional items and
                 employed (ROCE)                provided on an underlying basis to allow comparability      net finance costs (after taxation) divided by average
                                                of underlying financial performance by excluding the        capital employed.
                                                impacts of exceptional items.
                                                                                                            Profit after taxation excluding exceptional items and
                                                                                                            net finance costs (after taxation) is profit after taxation
                                                                                                            from Continuing and Discontinued operations
                                                                                                            excluding exceptional items, net finance costs and the
                                                                                                            estimated taxation impact of net finance costs. These
                                                                                                            are annualised for a half year end reporting period.
                                                                                                            The estimated tax impact is calculated using a prima
                                                                                                            facie taxation rate on net finance costs (excluding any
                                                                                                            foreign exchange impact).
                                                                                                        Average capital employed is calculated as the average
                                                                                                        of net assets less net debt for the last two reporting
                                                                                                        periods.
                 Adjusted effective tax rate    Provides an underlying tax basis to allow comparability Total taxation expense/(benefit) excluding exceptional
                                                of underlying financial performance by excluding the    items and exchange rate movements included in
                                                impacts of exceptional items.                           taxation expense/(benefit) divided by Profit from
                                                                                                        Continuing operations before taxation excluding
                                                                                                        exceptional items.
           
                                                                                     117
                 Non-IFRS financial   Reasons why we believe the non-IFRS                        Calculation methodology
                 information          financial information are useful
                 Unit costs           Used to assess the controllable financial performance of   Ratio of net costs of the assets to the equity share of
                                      the Group’s assets for each unit of production. Unit       sales tonnage. Net costs is defined as revenue less
                                      costs are adjusted for site specific non-controllable      Underlying EBITDA and excludes freight,
                                      factors to enhance comparability between the Group’s       re-allocation of the costs associated with the employee
                                      assets.                                                    entitlements and allowance review in FY2023, and
                                                                                                 other costs, depending on the nature of each asset.
                                                                                                 Freight is excluded as the Group believes it provides a
                                                                                                 similar basis of comparison to our peer group. The
                                                                                                 re-allocation to assets in FY2024 of the costs
                                                                                                 associated with the employee entitlements and
                                                                                                 allowances review in FY2023 are excluded in asset
                                                                                                 unit costs as these costs were already recognised in
                                                                                                 Group and Unallocated in FY2023.

                                                                                                 Escondida, Spence and Copper South Australia unit
                                                                                                 costs exclude:
                                                                                                 •   by-product credits being the favourable impact of
                                                                                                     by-products (such as gold or silver) to determine
                                                                                                     the directly attributable costs of copper production
                                                                                                 •   royalties, as these are costs that are not deemed to
                                                                                                     be under the Group’s control and the Group
                                                                                                     believes exclusion provides a similar basis of
                                                                                                     comparison to our peer group

                                                                                                 WAIO and BMA unit costs exclude:




For personal use only
                                                                                                 •   royalties, as these are costs that are not deemed to
                                                                                                     be under the Group’s control and the Group
                                                                                                     believes exclusion provides a similar basis of
                                                                                                     comparison to our peer group
           
                                                                          118
           10.2         Definition and calculation of principal factors
           The method of calculation of the principal factors that affect the period on period movements of Revenue, Profit from operations and Underlying
           EBITDA are as follows:
           
                Principal factor                      Method of calculation
                Change in sales prices                Change in average realised price for each operation from the prior period to the current period, multiplied by
                                                      current period sales volumes.
                Price-linked costs                    Change in price-linked costs (mainly royalties) for each operation from the prior period to the current period,
                                                      multiplied by current period sales volumes.
                Change in volumes                     Change in sales volumes for each operation multiplied by the prior year average realised price less variable
                                                      unit cost.
                Controllable cash costs               Total of operating cash costs and exploration and business development costs.
                Operating cash costs                  Change in total costs, other than price-linked costs, exchange rates, inflation on costs, fuel, energy and
                                                      consumable price movements, non-cash costs and one-off items as defined below for each operation from the
                                                      prior period to the current period.
                Exploration and evaluation and        Exploration and evaluation and business development expense in the current period minus exploration and
                business development                  business development expense in the prior period.
                Exchange rates                        Change in exchange rate multiplied by current period local currency revenue and expenses.
                Inflation on costs                    Change in inflation rate applied to expenses, other than depreciation and amortisation, price-linked costs,
                                                      exploration and business development expenses, expenses in ceased and sold operations and expenses in new
                                                      and acquired operations.
                Fuel, energy and consumable price     Fuel and energy expense and price differences above inflation on consumables in the current period minus
                movements                             fuel and energy expense in the prior period.
                Non-cash                              Change in net impact of capitalisation and depletion of deferred stripping from the prior period to the current
                                                      period.
                One-off items                         Change in costs exceeding a pre-determined threshold associated with an unexpected event that had not
                                                      occurred in the last two years and is not reasonably likely to occur within the next two years.




For personal use only
                Asset sales                           Profit/(loss) on the sale of assets or operations in the current period minus profit/(loss) on sale of assets or
                                                      operations in the prior period.
                Ceased and sold operations            Underlying EBITDA for operations that ceased or were sold in the current period minus Underlying EBITDA
                                                      for operations that ceased or were sold in the prior period.
                New and acquired operations           Underlying EBITDA for operations that were acquired in the current period minus Underlying EBITDA for
                                                      operations that were acquired in the prior period.
                Share of profit/(loss) from equity    Share of profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments for the current period minus share of profit/(loss)
                accounted investments                 from equity accounted investments in the prior period.
                Other                                 Variances not explained by the above factors.
           
                                                                                      119
           11           Other information
           11.1          Company details
           Refer to page i for further information.


           11.2          Forward-looking statements
           Refer to page i for further information.


           This Report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board.

           Ken MacKenzie

           Chair

           Dated: 27 August 2024
           
                                                                               120




For personal use only
           Corporate Governance Statement

           Contents:
           
                         1.      Corporate governance at BHP
                         2.      FY2024 corporate governance highlights
                         3.      BHP’s governance structure
                         4.      Board composition and succession
                         5.      Board Committees
                         6.      Management
                         7.      Shareholders and reporting
                         8.      Culture and conduct
                         9.      Risk management and assurance
                         10.     US requirements


           1.           Corporate governance at BHP
           Good corporate governance underpins the way we conduct business.

           This Corporate Governance Statement sets out the corporate governance framework currently in place for the Group, including the key policies and
           practices.

           BHP was fully compliant with the Recommendations of the fourth edition of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance
           Principles and Recommendations (ASX Fourth Edition) throughout FY2024. The ASX Fourth Edition is available at asx.com.au.

           BHP is also subject to governance requirements from our London Stock Exchange (LSE) and New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listings and our
           registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in the United States.




For personal use only
           This Corporate Governance Statement is current as at 27 August 2024 and has been approved by the Board.

           More information on our corporate governance framework and practices is available at bhp.com/governance, which includes links to our Appendix 4G
           and each of the publicly available documents referenced in this Corporate Governance Statement.


           2.           FY2024 corporate governance highlights
           




           
                                                                                   121
           3.           BHP’s governance structure
           




           Board
           The Board has ultimate responsibility for overseeing BHP’s governance. The role of the Board, as set out in the Board Governance Document, is to
           represent shareholders and promote and protect the interests of BHP in the short and long term.

           The Board Governance Document outlines the Board’s responsibilities and processes, including the matters specifically reserved for the Board, the
           authority delegated to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the accountability of the CEO for that authority, and provides guidance on the
           management of the relationship between the Board and the CEO. The Board Governance Document was updated in FY2023 and took effect from 1 July
           2023.

           The matters reserved for the Board as set out in the revised Board Governance Document include:
           
           •            appointing the CEO and determining the terms of the appointment
           
           •            approving the appointment of Executive Leadership Team (ELT) members and material changes to the organisational structure involving direct
                        reports to the CEO




For personal use only
           
           •            succession planning for the CEO and direct reports to the CEO
           
           •            monitoring the performance of the CEO and the Group
           
           •            monitoring Board composition, processes and performance
           
           •            approving the Group’s values, Our Code of Conduct, purpose and risk appetite
           
           •            establishing, approving and assessing measurable objectives for achieving gender diversity in the composition of the Board, senior executives and
                        workforce generally and assessing the Group’s progress in achieving those measurable objectives
           
           •            approving strategy, annual budgets, balance sheet management and funding strategy
           
           •            approving commitments, capital and non-capital items, acquisitions and divestments above specified limits
           
           •            approving the dividend policy and determining dividends
           
           •            approving significant social, community and sustainability policies, including those related to climate change and public sustainability goals and
                        targets
           
           •            reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of principal and emerging financial and non-financial risk management and
                        internal control, and making sure there is an appropriate risk management framework in place
           
           •            determining and adopting documents (including the publication of reports and statements to shareholders) that are required by BHP’s Constitution,
                        statute or by other external regulation
           
           •            determining and approving matters that are required by BHP’s Constitution, statute or by other external regulation to be determined or approved
                        by the Board

           >The Board Governance Document is available at bhp.com/governance


           Committees
           The Board has established Committees to assist it in exercising its authority, including monitoring the performance of BHP, to gain assurance that
           progress is being made towards our purpose within the limits delegated by the Board. There are four standing Committees: the Nomination and
           Governance Committee, Risk and Audit Committee, Sustainability Committee and People and Remuneration Committee.

           >Each Committee is delegated authority by the Board under its Charter. These Charters are available at bhp.com/governance

           >For more information on each of the Committees refer to section 5


           Chair
           The Chair is responsible for leading the Board and ensuring it operates to high governance standards. In particular, the Chair facilitates constructive
           Board relations and the effective contribution of all Non-executive Directors.
           
                                                                                             122
           Group Company Secretary
           The Group Company Secretary is accountable to the Board and advises the Chair, the Board and individual Directors on all matters of governance
           process.


           Chief Executive Officer
           The CEO is accountable to the Board for the authority that is delegated to the CEO and for the performance of the Group. The CEO works in a
           constructive partnership with the Board and is required to report regularly to the Board on progress.


           Access to management
           The Board has extensive access to members of senior management who frequently attend Board and Committee meetings. Management makes
           presentations and engages in discussions with Directors, answers questions and provides input and perspective on their areas of responsibility. The
           Board also engages with members of management at site visits.

           The Board also holds discussions in the absence of management as required.


           4.           Board composition and succession

           4.1          Board of Directors and Company Secretary
           The Board currently has 10 members. The Directors’ qualifications, experience and special responsibilities are listed below.

           
           




For personal use only
           
                                            Skills and experience

                                            Ken MacKenzie has global executive experience and a deeply strategic approach, with a focus on operational excellence, capital
                                            discipline and the creation of long-term shareholder value.

                                            Ken was the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Amcor Limited, a global packaging company with operations in over 40
                 Ken                        countries, from 2005 until 2015.
                 MacKenzie                  Ken brings business management and leadership skills in global supply chains and governance gained during his career in developed and
                 BEng, FIEA, FAICD          emerging markets in the Americas, Australia, Asia and Europe. Ken has experience in leading strategic transformation at a business and
                 Appointment                enterprise-wide level. His commitment to continuous learning and skills development provides valuable insights to Board deliberations
                                            and guidance to BHP’s leadership team in navigating the fast-changing dynamics of the global economy and markets.
                 Independent Non-
                 executive Director since   Current appointments
                 September 2016             Ken is the Chair of Melbourne Business School Limited (since June 2023), sits on the Advisory Board of American Securities Capital
                 Chair since                Partners LLC (since January 2016), and is a part-time adviser at Barrenjoey (since April 2021).
                 1 September 2017




           
                                                                                             123
                                           Skills and experience

                                           Mike Henry has over 30 years’ experience in the global mining and petroleum industry, spanning operational, commercial, safety,
                                           technology and marketing roles.
                                           Mike joined BHP in 2003 and has been a member of the Executive Leadership Team since 2011. Prior to joining BHP, Mike worked in
                 Mike                      the resources industry in Canada, Japan and Australia.
                 Henry
                 BSc (Chemistry)           Mike brings deep operational and market knowledge across a range of commodities and a strategic approach to resource and skills
                                           development to implement BHP’s strategy and future growth options that will support global economic growth and decarbonisation. He
                 Appointment               is focused on creating a safe, high-performance culture, enabled by an inclusive workplace in which people are empowered at every level
                                           through the BHP Operating System.
                 Non-independent
                 Director since            Mike is committed to building strong relationships with governments, Indigenous partners, community stakeholders and business
                 January 2020              partners to ensure BHP’s activities deliver mutual benefit to these stakeholders while driving strong value for shareholders. Mike brings a
                 Chief Executive Officer   disciplined approach to the Board’s considerations of capital allocation in assets, technology, commodities and risk management.
                 since 1 January 2020


                                           Skills and experience

                                           Xiaoqun Clever-Steg has over 20 years’ experience in technology with a focus on software engineering, data and AI, cybersecurity and
                                           digitalisation.
                                           Xiaoqun was formerly Chief Technology Officer of Ringier AG and ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE and Chief Operating Officer of
                 Xiaoqun Clever-           Technology and Innovation at SAP and President of SAP Labs China.
                 Steg
                 Diploma in Computer       Xiaoqun brings significant expertise in the development, selection and implementation of business transforming technology, innovation
                 Science and               and assessment of opportunities and risks in digital disruption. She has knowledge and relationships across the technology and
                 International             innovation start-up sector across Europe, Asia and North America and brings depth to the Board’s review of managing cybersecurity
                 Marketing, MBA            risks as well as assessment of opportunities to invest in proven and emerging technologies in the discovery of new mineral deposits, safer
                                           and more cost-effective processing, and technologies to reduce GHG emissions and support the energy transition.
                 Appointment




For personal use only
                                           Current appointments
                 Independent
                 Non-executive Director    Xiaoqun is a Non-executive Director of Amadeus IT Group SA (since June 2020), a Non-executive Director of Straumann Group (since
                 since October 2020        April 2024) and on the Supervisory Board of Infineon Technologies AG (since February 2020).




           
                                                                                              124
                                       Skills and experience

                                       Gary Goldberg has over 40 years’ global executive experience, including deep experience in mining, strategy, risk, commodity value
                                       chain, capital allocation discipline and public policy.
                                       Gary was the Chief Executive Officer of Newmont Corporation (from 2013 to 2019), and prior to that, President and Chief Executive
                 Gary                  Officer of Rio Tinto Minerals. Gary has also been a non-executive Director of Port Waratah Coal Services Limited and Rio Tinto
                 Goldberg              Zimbabwe, and served as Vice Chair of the World Gold Council, Treasurer of the International Council on Mining and Metals, Co-Chair
                 BS (Mining            of the World Economic Forum Mining and Metals Industry community and Chair of the National Mining Association in the United
                 Engineering), MBA     States.

                 Appointment           Gary is recognised for his leadership in bringing the mining industry together to raise standards in safety and environmental performance
                                       in conjunction with community and government partnerships in America and around the world. He has management experience in
                 Independent Non-      implementing strategies focused on safety, decarbonisation and transformational investment for commodities with long-dated cycles,
                 executive Director    along with his contribution to policy development in environmental management globally.
                 since February 2020
                                       Current appointments
                 Senior Independent
                 Director since        Gary is a Director of Imperial Oil Limited (since May 2023).
                 21 December 2020




                                       Skills and experience

                                       Michelle Hinchliffe has over 20 years’ experience as a partner in KPMG’s financial services division.

                                       Michelle was formerly a partner of KPMG and held a number of roles, including as the UK Chair of Audit, a member of the KPMG UK
                                       Executive Committee, and led KPMG’s financial services practice in Australia and was a member of the KPMG Australia Board.
                 Michelle
                 Hinchliffe            Michelle has expertise and experience in understanding the complexities of multi-national firms operating in multiple reporting and
                                       regulatory frameworks across Europe, the Americas, Asia and Africa. Her financial expertise and audit experience across a range of




For personal use only
                 BCom, FCA, ACA        industries and businesses, including in Australia, bring insights to the Board on BHP’s assessment of risk, returns and its long-term
                 Appointment           capital plan to create financial strength and support BHP’s future growth.

                 Independent Non-      Current appointments
                 executive Director    Michelle is a Non-executive Director of Santander UK plc and Santander UK Group Holdings Plc (since June 2023) and Macquarie
                 since March 2022      Group Limited and Macquarie Bank Limited (since March 2022).




           
                                                                                          125
                                          Skills and experience

                                          Don Lindsay has more than 40 years’ global experience, including in mining and resource development, financial markets,
                                          transformational leadership, growth and value creation.
                                          Don was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Teck Resources Limited (from 2005 to 2022) and prior to that, worked for almost
                 Don Lindsay              20 years with CIBC World Markets Inc., where he served as President, Head of Investment and Corporate Banking and Head of the Asia
                 BS (Hons), MBA           Pacific Region. Don also served as Chair of the Board of Governors for Mining and Metals for the World Economic Forum, Chair of the
                                          Business Council of Canada and Chair of the International Council on Mining and Metals.
                 Appointment
                                          Don brings extensive experience in global resource development as well as sustainability, community health, safety and global education
                 Independent              and business forums. His technical and management experience across a range of commodities and mining jurisdictions brings a unique
                 Non-executive Director   understanding of prospective resources, cost of development and operations, and the assessment of opportunities to strengthen the
                 since May 2024           portfolio of world-class assets.

                                          Current appointments
                                          Don is Chair of the Board of Manulife Financial Corporation (since February 2023) and the Invictus Games Vancouver Whistler 2025
                                          (since November 2022).

                                          Skills and experience

                                          Ross McEwan has over 30 years’ global executive experience, including in the financial services industry, with deep expertise in capital
                                          allocation, risk management and value creation in complex regulatory environments.
                                          Ross was the CEO of National Australia Bank (from 2019 to April 2024) and Group CEO of the Royal Bank of Scotland (from 2013 to
                 Ross McEwan              2019). Prior to that, he held executive roles at Commonwealth Bank of Australia, First NZ Capital Securities and National Mutual Life
                 BBus                     Association of Australasia/AXA New Zealand.

                 Appointment              Ross brings a strong focus on people and culture, technology and innovation and has extensive experience in capital allocation and value
                                          creation. He has worked closely with a wide range of stakeholders, including customers, governments and regulators and brings a global
                 Independent              perspective. Ross has a deep understanding of organisational transformation and brings a very strong focus on the customer and
                 Non-executive Director   technology as a driver of change.
                 since April 2024




For personal use only
                                          Current appointments

                                          Ross is currently on the Board of QinetiQ Group Plc (since March 2024) and Ruminant Biotech Corp Limited (since June 2021).

           
                                                                                            126
                                          Skills and experience

                                          Christine O’Reilly has over 30 years’ experience in the financial and infrastructure sectors, with deep financial and public policy
                                          expertise and experience in large-scale capital projects and transformational strategy.
                                          Christine was the Chief Executive Officer of the GasNet Australia Group and Co-Head of Unlisted Infrastructure Investments at Colonial
                 Christine                First State Global Asset Management, following an early career in investment banking and audit at Price Waterhouse. Christine has also
                 O’Reilly                 served as a Non-executive Director of Medibank Private Limited (from March 2014 to November 2021), Transurban Group (from April
                 BBus                     2012 to October 2020), CSL Limited (from February 2011 to October 2020) and Energy Australia Holdings Limited (from September
                                          2012 to August 2018).
                 Appointment
                                          Christine has a deep understanding of financial drivers of the businesses and experience in capital allocation discipline across sectors that
                 Independent              have long-dated paybacks for shareholders and stakeholders. Her insights into cost efficiency and cash flow as well as the impact of
                 Non-executive Director   policy on innovation, investment and project development are key inputs for the Board.
                 since October 2020
                                          Current appointments
                                          Christine is a Non-executive Director of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (since November 2021), Stockland Limited (since
                                          August 2018) and Infrastructure Victoria (since November 2023).

                                          Skills and experience

                                          Catherine Tanna has more than 30 years’ experience in the resources, oil and gas, power generation and retailing sectors.

                                          Catherine was formerly Managing Director of Energy Australia between 2014 and 2021. Prior to this, she held senior executive roles
                                          with Shell and BG Group with responsibility for international operations across Africa, North Asia, Russia, North America, Latin
                 Catherine                America and Australia. Catherine was also a member of the Board of the Reserve Bank of Australia (from 2011 to 2021) and a Director
                 Tanna                    of the Business Council of Australia (from 2016 to 2021).
                 LLB, Honorary
                                          Catherine has a track record in leading cultural change and sponsoring gender equity, diversity and inclusion across business and more
                 Doctor of Business
                                          broadly. She brings an understanding of and contribution to complex regulatory and policy environments. Catherine’s experience in
                 Appointment              seeking to align customer and community expectations, particularly Indigenous communities, with those of the enterprise and regulators,
                                          provides unique insight and input to the Board.
                 Independent




For personal use only
                 Non-executive Director   Current appointments
                 since April 2022
                                          Catherine is a Non-executive Director at Bechtel Corporation (since May 2023), Chair of Bechtel Australia (since December 2023),
                                          Senior Advisor at McKinsey & Company Inc (since April 2022) and a member of the Advisory Board of Fujitsu Australia (since
                                          February 2022).

           
                                                                                             127
                                          Skills and experience

                                          Dion Weisler has extensive global executive experience, including transformation and commercial experience in the global information
                                          technology sector, with a focus on capital discipline and stakeholder engagement.
                                          Dion was formerly a Director and the President and Chief Executive Officer of HP Inc. (from 2015 to 2019) and continued as a Director
                 Dion                     and Senior Executive Adviser (until May 2020). He previously held senior executive roles at Lenovo Group Limited, was General
                 Weisler                  Manager Conferencing and Collaboration at Telstra Corporation and held various positions at Acer Inc., including as Managing Director,
                 BASc (Computing),        Acer UK.
                 Honorary Doctor          Dion brings experience in transforming megatrends into opportunities and growth and valuable insight on the power of innovation,
                 of Laws                  technology and data. His experience also demonstrates insights into strategy development in the global energy transition, where safety,
                 Appointment              decarbonisation and stakeholder management are critical.

                 Independent Non-         Current appointments
                 executive Director       Dion is a Non-executive Director of Intel Corporation (since June 2020) and a Non-executive Director of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.
                 since June 2020          (since March 2017).




                                          Skills and experience

                                          Stefanie Wilkinson was appointed Group Company Secretary effective March 2021 and Group General Counsel effective 2 April 2024.
                                          Prior to joining BHP, Stefanie was a Partner at Herbert Smith Freehills, a firm she was with for 15 years, specialising in corporate law
                                          and governance for listed companies. Earlier in her career, Stefanie was a solicitor at Allen & Overy in the Middle East. Stefanie is a
                                          fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia.
                 Stefanie
                 Wilkinson
                 BA, LLB (Hons),
                 LLM, FGIA




For personal use only
                 Appointment

                 Group Company
                 Secretary effective
                 March 2021



           4.2          Director independence
           The Board is committed to ensuring that a majority of Directors are independent.

           The Board has adopted a policy that it uses to determine the independence of its Directors.

           >The Policy on the Independence of Directors is available at bhp.com/governance


           Determination of Director independence
           The Board confirms that it considers all current Non-executive Directors, including the Chair, to be independent of management and free of any interest,
           position or relationship that might influence, or reasonably be perceived to influence, in a material respect their capacity to bring an independent
           judgement to bear on issues before the Board and to act in the best interests of BHP as a whole rather than in the interests of an individual security
           holder or other party.
           
                                                                                            128
           A determination of independence is carried out upon a Director’s appointment and re-election, annually, and when any new interests, positions or
           relationships are disclosed by a Director. Some Directors hold or have previously held positions in companies that BHP has commercial relationships
           with.

           The Board has assessed the relationships between BHP and the companies in which Directors hold or held positions and has concluded that the
           relationships do not interfere with the Directors’ capacity to bring an independent judgement to bear on issues before the Board, or their ability to act in
           the best interests of BHP as a whole.


           Conflicts of interest
           In accordance with Australian law, if a situation arises for consideration where a Director has a material personal interest, the affected Director takes no
           part in decision-making unless approval is provided by the non-interested Directors. Provisions for Directors’ interests are set out in the Constitution of
           BHP Group Limited.


           4.3          Board appointments and succession planning
           BHP adopts a structured and rigorous approach to Board succession planning to guard against the consequences of unforeseen departures and facilitate
           the orderly replacement of current Directors and oversees the development of a diverse pipeline. This process is continuous, with the aim of allowing the
           Board to determine an appropriate balance on the Board between experience and fresh perspectives, and the Board continues to be fit for purpose. As
           part of this process, Ross McEwan was appointed to the Board in April 2024 and Don Lindsay was appointed to the Board in May 2024 following the
           retirements of independent Non-executive Directors, Terry Bowen in November 2023 and Ian Cockerill in April 2024.

           Before the Board formally appoints a person or puts a person forward for election, the Board, with the assistance of external consultants, will conduct
           appropriate background and reference checks as to that person’s character, experience, education and criminal and bankruptcy history.

           The Board has adopted a letter of appointment that contains the terms on which Non-executive Directors will be appointed, including the basis upon
           which they will be indemnified by the Group. The letter of appointment defines the role of Directors, including the expectations in terms of
           independence, participation, time commitment and continuous improvement. Written agreements are in place for all Non-executive Directors.




For personal use only
           4.4          Director induction, training and development
           Upon appointment, each new Non-executive Director undertakes an induction program tailored to their needs. Non-executive Directors also undertake
           an induction program when they join a new Committee, which is tailored to the areas specific to that Committee’s role and the Director’s previous
           experience.

           Following the induction program, Non-executive Directors participate in continuous improvement activities through a training and development
           program, which is overseen by the Nomination and Governance Committee to help Directors, individually and collectively, develop and maintain the
           skills and knowledge to assist them in performing their role effectively. The training and development program is periodically reviewed to maximise
           effectiveness and to tailor the program to the Directors’ needs and the Board’s areas of focus.

           Throughout the year, the Chair discusses development areas with each Director. Board Committees review and agree their needs for more briefings. The
           benefit of this approach is that induction and learning opportunities can be tailored to Directors’ Committee memberships, as well as the Board’s specific
           areas of focus. This approach is also intended to ensure a coordinated process for succession planning, Board renewal, training and development and
           Committee composition. In turn, these processes are relevant to the Nomination and Governance Committee’s role in identifying appropriate
           Non-executive Director candidates.

           Examples of activities in the training and development program include:
           
           •            briefings and development sessions and deep dives to provide each Director with a deeper understanding of the activities, environment, key issues
                        and direction of BHP assets, along with broader sustainability, climate-related, geopolitical and cybersecurity considerations
           
           •            training on crisis management
           
           •            site visits to provide insights into key issues at BHP’s sites and to provide an opportunity for direct engagement with a cross-section of workforce,
                        community members, contractors, Indigenous and First Nations representatives and other stakeholders
           
           •            engagement with external experts to discuss views on current and emerging trends and risks (threats and opportunities).


           4.5          Director skills, experience and attributes
           Overarching statement of Board requirements
           At BHP, we know inclusive and diverse teams are safer and more productive. This is because people in these teams feel safe to speak up, share their
           ideas and different points of view, and work together to solve problems and make better decisions.

           The BHP Board is no different and believes its members should comprise Directors with a broad range of skills and diversity for the Board to:
           
           •            provide the breadth and depth of understanding necessary to effectively create long-term shareholder value
           
           •            protect and promote the interests of BHP and the creation of social value
           
           •            ensure the talent, capability and culture of BHP support the long-term delivery of our strategy


           Attributes and commitment to role
           All Directors are expected to comply with Our Code of Conduct, act with integrity, lead by example and promote the desired culture.
           
                                                                                             129
           The Board believes each Non-executive Director has demonstrated the attributes of sufficient time to undertake the responsibilities of the role, honesty
           and integrity, and a preparedness to question, challenge and critique throughout the year through their participation in Board meetings, and the other
           activities they have undertaken in their roles.


           Skills matrix
           The Board, supported by the Nomination and Governance Committee, reviews the skills and diversity represented by the Directors on the Board and
           determines whether the composition and mix of those skills remains appropriate to achieve BHP’s purpose and strategy.

           The Board maintains a skills matrix that identifies the skills and experience the Board needs for the next period of BHP’s development, considering
           BHP’s circumstances and the changing external environment.

           The Board skills matrix identifies the future-facing skills the Board intends to build, acquire and retain over the medium term in anticipation of its needs
           as it pursues its strategy of securing growth options in future-facing commodities. The Board skills matrix not only indicates the skills the Board
           currently possesses, but also provides an illustration of the new skills the Board intends to acquire. An external service provider is engaged to assess the
           relevant skills and experience of the Directors on the Board set out in the skills matrix.

           The Board collectively possesses all the skills and experience set out in the skills matrix, and each Director satisfies the Board requirements and
           attributes discussed above.
           
                 Skills and attributes                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                                                                             Directors
                 Mining
                 Senior executive who has deep operating or technical mining experience with a large company operating in multiple countries;
                 successfully optimised and led a suite of large, global, complex operating assets that have delivered consistent and sustaining levels of
                                                                                                                                                                 3
                 high performance (related to cost, returns and throughput); successfully led exploration projects with proven results and performance;
                 delivered large capital projects that have been successful in terms of performance and returns; and a proven record in terms of health,
                 safety and environmental performance and results.




For personal use only
                 Global experience
                 Global experience gained from working, managing business units and residing in multiple geographies over an extended period of                  9
                 time, including a deep understanding of and experience with global markets, and the geopolitical and economic environment.
                 Strategy
                 Senior executive who has had accountability for enterprise-wide strategy development and implementation in industries with long                 10
                 cycles and developing and leading business transformation strategies.
                 Commodity value chain and customers
                 End-to-end value or commodity chain experience – understanding of consumers and customers, marketing demand drivers (including                  8
                 specific geographic markets) and other aspects of commodity chain development.
                 Financial acumen
                 Extensive financial experience and the capability to evaluate financial statements and understand key financial drivers of the business,        10
                 bringing a deep understanding of corporate finance and internal financial controls.
                 Operating risk
                 Extensive experience with the development and oversight of complex frameworks focused on the identification, assessment and                     9
                 assurance of operational workplace health, safety, environment, climate and community risks.
                 Technology
                 Recent experience and expertise with the development, selection, and implementation of leading and business transforming technology             8
                 and innovation and responding to digital disruption.
                 Capital allocation and cost efficiency
                 Extensive direct experience gained through a senior executive role in capital allocation discipline, cost efficiency and cash flow, with        8
                 proven long-term performance.
                 Social value, community, and stakeholder engagement
                 Extensive track record of positive external stakeholder engagement including in relation to community issues and social responsibility.         7
                 In-depth understanding of public policy, government relations and the intersection between value generation and corporate reputation.
                 Sustainability and decarbonisation transition
                 Understanding of, and experience with the identification and management of threats and opportunities related to sustainability, and             8
                 decarbonisation transition.
                 People and talent
                 Extensive experience in talent and capability strategies, including for development, recruitment and retention, and industrial relations,       8
                 managing workforce transitions and upskilling workforce during periods of rapid change.


           4.6          Diversity
           BHP has adopted an Inclusion and Diversity Position Statement, which sets out our diversity policy and our priorities to accelerate the delivery of a
           more inclusive work environment and to enhance overall workplace diversity.

           >BHP’s Inclusion and Diversity Position Statement is available at bhp.com/careers/inclusion-diversity and is summarised in OFR 6.6
           
                                                                                          130
           Our aspiration is to achieve gender balance within our employee workforce globally by CY2025. We define gender balance as a minimum 40 per cent
           women and 40 per cent men, in line with the definitions used by entities such as the International Labour Organization.

           The Board is responsible for approving the measurable objectives for achieving diversity in the composition of the Board, senior executives and
           workforce generally and assessing the Group’s progress in achieving those measurable objectives, which are set out below. The Nomination and
           Governance Committee reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on the diversity and measurable objectives for achieving diversity in the
           composition of the Board and reviews the progress in achieving those measurable objectives.
           
                 Measurable objective for FY2024                                                                           Progress in FY2024
                 Increase female employee representation to 40 per cent by the end of           In FY2024, the Board approved the objective to increase the
                 FY2025                                                                         representation of women across the BHP employee workforce by 3 per
                                                                                                cent from the FY2023 objective of 35.2 per cent. During FY2024, BHP
                                                                                                increased the representation of women working at BHP by 1.9
                                                                                                percentage points, with women now representing 37.1 per cent of the
                                                                                                global employee workforce as at 30 June 2024.1
                 Maintain balanced representation for the Board and senior executives           Our Board continued to be gender balanced in FY2024.
                 (defined as ELT and direct reports to the ELT in grade 15 and above roles)
                                                                                                Our senior executive ranks remain consistent and represent 40.9 per cent
                                                                                                women in FY2024.

           Footnotes:
           
           1.           Progress does not include data from the Daunia and Blackwater mines which were divested during the year.

           >For more information on our focus areas for diversity during FY2024 and the respective proportions of men and women on the Board, in
           senior executive positions and across the employee workforce refer to OFR 6.6

           >More diversity data is available in the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2024 available at bhp.com/ESGStandards2024




For personal use only
           The Board’s composition reflects gender balance and a diversity of experience, education and geographic background.
           




           As at 30 June 2024, 40 per cent of Directors are female and the BHP Board satisfies the target in the UK Listing Rules and the guidance of having at
           least 30 per cent of Directors of each gender in accordance with the ASX Fourth Edition. BHP also satisfies the UK Listing Rule target of having at least
           one Director from a minority ethnic background on the Board.

           BHP does not currently satisfy the UK Listing Rule target that at least one of the senior positions on the Board (which for BHP is the Chair, Chief
           Executive Officer and Senior Independent Director) is held by a woman. The UK Listing Rule target also includes the Chief Financial Officer in the
           category of a senior position on the Board. Vandita Pant was appointed as Chief Financial Officer in March 2024, but, in common with Australian listed
           company practice, the Chief Financial Officer is not a Director on the Board of BHP. As part of its succession planning, the Board reviews the skills and
           diversity (including gender, age, personal strengths and social and ethnic backgrounds) represented by Directors on the Board and determines whether
           the composition and mix of those skills and diversity remains appropriate to achieve BHP’s purpose and strategy.

           The tables in Additional information 7 set out the information required under the UK Listing Rules on diversity as at 30 June 2024. The data presented
           in these tables was collected by requesting all members of the Board, ELT and Group Company Secretary self-report in questionnaires that include the
           tables prescribed by the UK Listing Rules.


           4.7          Board evaluation
           The Board is committed to transparency in assessing the performance of Directors. The Board conducts regular evaluations of its performance, the
           performance of its Committees, the Group Chair, Directors and the governance processes that support the Board’s work.

           The evaluation considers the balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the Group on the Board, its diversity and culture, and the
           operation of governance processes.
           
                                                                                          131
           In FY2024, an internal evaluation was conducted with the assistance of external service provider, Lintstock. An external Board evaluation is conducted
           approximately every three years and was last conducted in FY2023.


           Review of individual Director performance
           The Board has adopted a policy for all Non-executive Directors to seek re-election annually. The Board uses the results of Director performance
           evaluations in considering whether to nominate a Director for re-election by shareholders. In FY2024, an assessment was conducted of each Director’s
           performance prior to their nomination for re-election with the assistance of external service provider, Lintstock. Lintstock does not have any other
           connection with the Group or individual Directors.

           The assessment of Directors focused on the contribution of each Director to the work of the Board and its Committees, and the expectations of Directors
           as set out in BHP’s governance framework. In addition, the assessment focused on how each Director contributes to Board cohesion and effective
           relationships with fellow Directors, commits the time required to fulfil their role and effectively performs their responsibilities. Directors were asked to
           comment on areas where their fellow Directors contribute the greatest value and potential areas for development.

           Lintstock provided feedback received to the Chair, which was then discussed with Directors. Feedback relating to the Chair was discussed with the
           Chair by the Senior Independent Director. As a result of these outcomes, the review supported the Board’s decision to recommend each Director
           standing for re-election.


           Committee assessments
           Following an assessment of its work, each Committee concluded that it had met the requirements under its Charter in FY2024.


           5.           Board Committees
           The Board has four standing Committees and has delegated a number of duties to each Committee to assist the Board in exercising its responsibilities
           and discharging its duties. Each Committee’s Charter sets out the Committee’s roles and responsibilities. These Charters were reviewed and updated in
           FY2023 as part of the governance review. The aim was to review Board and Committee responsibilities and streamline and modernise the documents in




For personal use only
           order to best support BHP’s strategy and purpose.

           >The updated Charters took effect from 1 July 2023 and are available at bhp.com/governance

           BHP’s Board and Committee governance structure facilitates a considered and integrated approach on key matters, for example:
           
           •            Climate change is a Board-level issue. The Board is responsible for the governance and oversight of climate change issues, including in relation to
                        our strategic approach, risk management and public disclosures. The Board approves significant social, community and sustainability policies,
                        including those related to climate change and public sustainability goals and targets, and oversees performance against our strategy, goals and
                        targets. The Board is supported by each of its Committees:
           
                          •    The Nomination and Governance Committee reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on the Group’s significant social,
                               community and sustainability policies, including those related to climate change. The Committee also reviews and makes
                               recommendations to the Board on the Group’s public sustainability targets and goals.
           
                          •    The Risk and Audit Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in overseeing and reviewing emerging and principal risks facing the
                               Group, including climate risks. The Risk and Audit Committee also reviews and recommends to the Board public financial disclosures
                               regarding sustainability matters.
           
                          •    The Sustainability Committee reviews and advises the Board on the adequacy of the Group’s governance and performance in relation to
                               climate matters. The Committee also reviews and recommends to the Board disclosures regarding sustainability matters in the Annual
                               Report and other public documents related to the Group’s reporting on climate matters.
           
                          •    The People and Remuneration Committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval of performance
                               measures and performance outcomes against those performance measures for the ELT. In doing so, the Committee considers
                               recommendations from the Sustainability Committee in relation to climate measures.
           
           •            Sexual harassment is a Board-level issue, supported by the Risk and Audit Committee on the risk and compliance aspects and the Sustainability
                        Committee on the safety, operational aspects and security controls.
           
           •            Technology and cyber risk are Board-level issues, supported by the Risk and Audit Committee, which reviews emerging and principal risks facing
                        the Group, including cyber risk.

           The Board appoints the members and Chair of each Committee. Only independent Non-executive Directors can be Committee Chairs.

           The members and key roles and responsibilities of each Committee are set out below.

           >For Committee attendance and members during FY2024 refer to Directors’ Report 2
           
                                                                                            132
           5.1          Nomination and Governance Committee
           Members
           Ken MacKenzie (Chair), Terry Bowen (until 1 November 2023), Gary Goldberg, Michelle Hinchliffe (from 1 November 2023), Christine O’Reilly,
           Catherine Tanna (from 1 July 2024)

           Key responsibilities/role and focus:
           The role of the Nomination and Governance Committee is to support the Board in relation to governance and nomination matters.

           The Committee oversees the Group’s corporate governance framework and practices, succession planning and processes, Board and Director
           performance evaluation, Director training and development, and advises and makes recommendations to the Board on the Group’s existing corporate
           governance policies, structures or practices.

           The Committee also supports the Board with sustainability-related matters that encompass issues that affect the whole of the Group, including areas of
           strategy, risk and reporting, people and remuneration by reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval the Group’s:
           
           •            significant social, community and sustainability policies, including those related to climate change, industry associations and charitable
                        contributions
           
           •            public sustainability targets and goals

           Key activities in FY2024:
           Succession planning processes
           
           •            Board and Committee succession
           
           •            Identification of suitable Non-executive Director candidates
           
           •            Partnering with search firms regarding candidate searches




For personal use only
           Evaluation and training
           
           •            Board evaluation and Director performance evaluation
           
           •            Director development program and training
           
           •            Assessment of independence of Non-executive Directors

           Governance practices
           
           •            Crisis management
           
           •            Review of the Climate Transition Action Plan 2024

           5.2 Risk and Audit Committee
           Members
           Michelle Hinchliffe (Chair since 1 November 2023, and a member of the Committee prior to this date), Terry Bowen (Chair until 1 November 2023),
           Xiaoqun Clever-Steg, Ian Cockerill (until 4 April 2024), Don Lindsay (from 1 May 2024), Ross McEwan (from 3 April 2024), Christine O’Reilly

           Key responsibilities/role and focus:
           The role of the Risk and Audit Committee is to support and advise the Board in relation to financial reporting, external and internal audit, capital
           management and risk management. The Committee also oversees and assists the Board in reviewing the emerging and principal risks facing the Group,
           including financial and non-financial risks that could threaten the Group’s business model, future performance, solvency, liquidity or reputation.

           US committee membership requirements
           The Board is satisfied that Michelle Hinchliffe, who serves as Chair on the Risk and Audit Committee, meets the financial expert requirements under the
           US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Rules and is independent under applicable NYSE rules. The Board is also satisfied that the Committee
           meets the independence criteria under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act.

           Key activities in FY2024:
           Integrity of Financial Statements and funding matters
           
           •            Accounting matters for consideration, materiality limits, half-year and full-year results
           
           •            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX) compliance
           
           •            Financial governance procedures
           
           •            Funding and guarantee updates
           
           •            Samarco dam failure provision, including related provisions and contingent liabilities
           
           •            Carrying value of BHP’s assets
           
           •            Climate-related financial statement and risk disclosures
           
           •            Closure and rehabilitation provisions
           
           •            Disputes and litigation updates
           
                                                                                              133
           External Auditor and integrity of the audit process
           

           •            Status and results of the external audit
           

           •            Management and External Auditor closed sessions
           

           •            Audit plan and review of the External Auditor’s performance
           

           •            External Auditor independence and non-audit services

           Effectiveness of systems of internal control and risk management
           

           •            Reports on the significant risks facing the Group and the Group’s systems of risk management and internal control (including cybersecurity and
                        data privacy)
           

           •            Internal audit reports, annual internal audit plan and review of performance of the Internal Audit team
           

           •            Reports on sexual harassment, racism and bullying, serious breaches of business conduct, regulatory compliance and grievance and investigation
                        processes
           

           •            Reserves and resources updates

           5.3          Sustainability Committee
           Members
           Catherine Tanna (Chair from 1 July 2024), Gary Goldberg (Chair until 1 July 2024), Ian Cockerill (until 4 April 2024), Don Lindsay (from 1 May 2024),
           Dion Weisler

           Key responsibilities/role and focus:
           The role of the Sustainability Committee is to support and advise the Board on sustainability matters.

           The Committee oversees the Group’s health, safety, environment, climate and community performance, including implementation of the Group’s




For personal use only
           strategy, policies and processes in relation to these matters.

           The Committee also reviews and advises the Board on the adequacy of the Group’s governance of health, safety, environment, climate and community
           matters, including consideration of emerging areas of risk related to the Group’s operations and its engagement with customers, suppliers and
           communities.

           Key activities in FY2024:
           Sustainability
           

           •            Operational decarbonisation, water stewardship, cultural heritage and Indigenous engagement, biodiversity, closure and rehabilitation, fatality
                        elimination program and integrated contractor management program updates
           

           •            Site visits
           

           •            Reports on material health, safety, environment, climate and community risks, including tailings, occupational safety and sexual harassment
           

           •            Health, safety and security function plan
           

           •            Internal audit reports and annual internal audit plan related to health, safety, environment and community

           Disclosure
           

           •            Health, safety and environment compliance updates
           

           •            Sustainability disclosures
           

           •            Group Modern Slavery Statement
           

           •            Disclosures for Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management

           Performance
           

           •            Monitor health, safety, environment, climate and community performance, including progress against 2030 goals
           

           •            Safety and sustainability measures and performance outcomes for the ELT FY2024 CDP scorecard
           

           •            Review health, safety and environment function and performance of the Group Health, Safety and Security Officer
           5.4          People and Remuneration Committee
           Members
           Christine O’Reilly (Chair), Ross McEwan (from 3 April 2024), Catherine Tanna, Dion Weisler

           Key responsibilities/role and focus:
           The role of the People and Remuneration Committee is to support and advise the Board on people and remuneration matters.

           The Committee oversees the Group’s key strategies and policies relating to people, including for attraction, recruitment, motivation and retention,
           employee engagement, leadership and talent development, industrial relations and employee conduct, and monitors the effectiveness of the Group’s
           people and culture strategy and its alignment with the Group’s purpose and values.

           The Committee oversees and monitors the remuneration framework and practices, including the adoption of incentive plans, levels of reward for the
           CEO and other ELT members and any major changes in employee benefits structures in the Group.

           >For information on BHP’s remuneration practices and policies, including on hedging BHP shares and equity instruments, refer to the
           Remuneration Report
           
           
                                                                                             134
           Key activities in FY2024:
           Remuneration
           
           •            Executive remuneration strategies
           
           •            Group Chair, CEO, ELT members and Group Company Secretary remuneration


           People
           
           •            People culture and strategy, people policies and governance, material workforce trends
           
           •            Employee engagement, leadership and talent development
           
           •            Diversity and inclusion policies and measurable objectives (below Board level)


           Incentive plans
           
           •            BHP’s employee incentive plans


           6.           Management
           Below the level of the Board, key management decisions are made by the CEO, the ELT, management committees and members of management in
           accordance with their delegated authority.


           6.1          Executive Leadership Team
           
                                       Edgar Basto, Chief Operating Officer (BSc, Metallurgy)
                                       Edgar Basto joined BHP in 1989 and was appointed Chief Operating Officer in October 2022. Edgar is responsible for Group




For personal use only
                                       Health, Safety and Security, the BHP Operating System (BOS) and global Performance and Improvement. Edgar’s accountability
                                       also includes Copper South Australia and its long-term growth pathway following the recent integration of the former OZ
                                       Minerals operations into our business. Edgar has previously held senior roles at BHP, including President Minerals Australia,
                                       Asset President of Western Australia Iron Ore and Asset President Escondida (Chile).
                                       Caroline Cox, Chief Legal, Governance and External Affairs Officer (BA (Hons), MA, LLB, BCL)
                                       Caroline Cox joined BHP in 2014 and was appointed Chief Legal, Governance and External Affairs Officer in November 2020.
                                       Caroline is responsible for Legal, Governance, Ethics and Investigations, Compliance, Global Corporate Affairs and
                                       Communications and Sustainability and Social Value. Caroline has previously held senior roles at BHP, including Vice President
                                       Legal, Group General Counsel, and Group General Counsel & Company Secretary. Prior to joining BHP, Caroline was a Partner at
                                       Herbert Smith Freehills.
                                       Brandon Craig, President Americas (BSc Engineering (Mechanical), MBL)
                                       Brandon Craig joined BHP in 1999 and was appointed President of BHP Americas effective 1 March 2024. Brandon is responsible
                                       for BHP’s copper operations in Chile, joint venture interests in the Americas, and potash operations in Canada. Immediately prior
                                       to his appointment as President Americas, Brandon was Asset President for BHP’s iron ore business in Western Australia.
                                       Brandon’s expertise with BHP extends more than 20 years, holding various leadership roles spanning the fields of maintenance,
                                       marketing and human resources.
                                       Vandita Pant, Chief Financial Officer (BCom (Hons), MBA)
                                       Vandita Pant joined BHP in 2016 and was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective 1 March 2024. Vandita is responsible for
                                       overseeing the Group’s Reporting, Tax, Treasury, Investor Relations, Financial Planning, Risk and Internal Audit teams. Vandita
                                       has previously held senior roles at BHP, including as Chief Commercial Officer from July 2019 to 29 February 2024, Group
                                       Treasurer and Head of Europe. Prior to joining BHP, Vandita had more than 20 years’ experience in executive banking roles across
                                       India, Singapore, Japan and the United Kingdom. Vandita brings strong global financial market, commodity, strategy, capital
                                       allocation and business development experience to the role.
                                       Catherine Raw, Chief Development Officer (MA (Cantab.), Natural Sciences, MSc, Mineral Project Appraisal, CFA)
                                       Catherine Raw joined BHP on 29 April 2024 as Chief Development Officer. Catherine is responsible for strategy, acquisitions and
                                       divestments, securing early-stage growth options and ventures. Prior to joining BHP, Catherine held senior roles in resources and
                                       finance industries, including at SSE Thermal (a business unit of SSE plc) as Managing Director, Barrick Gold Corporation as
                                       Chief Operating Officer for North America and as Chief Financial Officer, and BlackRock as Managing Director, Natural
                                       Resources Team.
                                       Geraldine Slattery, President Australia (BSc, Physics, MSc, International Management)
                                       Geraldine Slattery joined BHP in 1994 and was appointed President Australia in October 2022. Geraldine leads BHP’s Australian
                                       operations in Western Australia, Queensland and New South Wales. Geraldine has previously held senior roles at BHP, including
                                       President Petroleum from March 2019 to 31 May 2022. Geraldine has 30 years’ experience with BHP, including as President
                                       Petroleum, Asset President Conventional and prior to that in several senior operational and business leadership roles across the
                                       Petroleum business in the United Kingdom, Australia and the United States.
           
                                                                                           135
                                       Ragnar Udd, Chief Commercial Officer (BAppSc (Mining Engineering), MEng, MBA)
                                       Rag Udd joined BHP in 1997 and was appointed Chief Commercial Officer effective 1 March 2024. Rag has global accountability
                                       for Sales and Marketing, Procurement, Maritime and for developing BHP’s views on global commodities markets and macro
                                       trends. Rag has over 25 years’ experience in the global resources industry, including in Australia, Asia and North and South
                                       America. He has held senior roles at BHP in operations, logistics, projects and technology, including President Americas from
                                       November 2020 to 29 February 2024, Acting Chief Technology Officer and Asset President of BHP Mitsubishi Alliance.
                                       Johan van Jaarsveld, Chief Technical Officer (BEng (Chem), MCom, Applied Finance, PhD (Eng), Extractive Metallurgy)
                                       Johan van Jaarsveld joined BHP in 2016 and was appointed Chief Technical Officer effective 1 March 2024. Johan is responsible
                                       for Technology, Minerals Exploration, Innovation and the Centres of Excellence for Projects, Maintenance, Resources and
                                       Engineering. Johan has previously held senior executive roles at BHP, including Chief Development Officer from September 2020
                                       to 29 April 2024. Prior to joining BHP, Johan held executive positions in resources and finance, including at Barrick Gold
                                       Corporation, Goldman Sachs and The Blackstone Group.
                                       Jad Vodopija, Chief People Officer (BA, PGDip (Industrial Relations and Human Resource Management), MComm)
                                       Jad Vodopija rejoined BHP in 2019 and was appointed Chief People Officer in July 2022. Jad is responsible for organisational
                                       strategy, talent and resource management, leadership development and workforce performance. Jad has previously held senior
                                       roles at BHP, including Vice President, Human Resources. Prior to rejoining BHP, Jad was Vice President Human Resources at
                                       Orica from 2016, before which she had built her career at BHP and earlier on at Ford Motor Company.


           6.2          Senior management succession
           A senior management succession process is conducted to support pipeline stability for critical roles. A talent deep dive is conducted by the Board at least
           once a year to evaluate these pipelines, including the diversity of the pipeline.

           Senior management succession is viewed from a five-year perspective that considers the readiness of successors across time horizons, contexts and
           future capability demands. Select Board members are involved in the interview process for executive-level appointments one level below the CEO and
           occasionally for roles two levels below the CEO. Appropriate checks are undertaken before appointing a member of the ELT. BHP has a written
           agreement with each ELT member setting out the terms of their appointment.




For personal use only
           In December 2023, BHP announced the following changes to the ELT:
           
           •            Vandita Pant was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer, effective 1 March 2024
           
           •            Ragnar Udd was appointed as the Chief Commercial Officer, effective 1 March 2024
           
           •            Brandon Craig was appointed as the President Americas, effective 1 March 2024
           
           •            Johan van Jaarsveld was appointed as the Chief Technical Officer, effective 1 March 2024
           
           •            Catherine Raw was appointed as the Chief Development Officer, effective 29 April 2024

           Laura Tyler (the former Chief Technical Officer) retired from BHP on 29 February 2024 and David Lamont ceased as Chief Financial Officer on
           29 February 2024 and commenced as Senior Executive Officer in an advisory and projects capacity, reporting directly to the CEO until February 2025.


           6.3          Performance evaluation of executives
           The performance of executives and other senior employees is reviewed on an annual basis. The annual performance review process considers the
           performance of executives against criteria designed to capture ‘what’ is achieved and ‘how’ it is achieved. All performance assessments of executives
           include how effective they have been in undertaking their role and what they have achieved against their specified key performance indicators.

           A performance evaluation was conducted for all members of the ELT during FY2024. For the CEO, the performance evaluation was led by the Chair of
           the Board on behalf of all the Non-executive Directors and was discussed with the People and Remuneration Committee and considered by the Board.


           7.           Shareholders and reporting
           7.1          Shareholder and stakeholder engagement
           BHP shareholder engagement practices
           BHP engages regularly with our shareholders to understand their views and feedback and we have an investor relations program to provide avenues for
           effective and timely two-way communication with investors.

           We encourage shareholders to make their views known to us. Shareholders can contact us at any time through our Investor Relations team, with contact
           details available at bhp.com. In addition, shareholders can communicate with us and our registrar electronically.
           
                                                                                           136
           Shareholder engagement practices
           
           
                                Direct engagement
                                We engage directly with institutional shareholders and investor representative organisations around the world to discuss strategy
                                and governance and to enable our management, Board and Committees to regularly hear investor expectations, which can then be
                                used to refine and develop, and continuously improve, the governance processes of BHP. We also engage directly with retail
                                shareholders and their representatives.

                                Engagement on key sustainability themes
                                In addition to our regular investor meetings program, in FY2024 we held direct engagement sessions with lead investors,
                                including from Climate Action 100+, Nature Action 100 and Principles for Responsible Investment’s (PRI) Advance initiative. We
                                also held engagement sessions on preparation of our Climate Transition Action Plan 2024 to obtain feedback from investors on
                                our approach.

                                Webcasts and Q&A sessions
                                We provide webcasts and Q&A sessions as forums to update shareholders on results or other key announcements.


                                Website
                                All relevant corporate governance information, including our Annual Report, is available on our website at bhp.com. All ASX
                                announcements are promptly posted to the website. BHP encourages direct contact from shareholders and our website has a
                                ‘Contact Us’ form for contact with our Investor Relations team. Anyone who is interested in receiving news from BHP can
                                subscribe to receive email alerts.

                                Chair and Non-executive Director investor meetings




For personal use only
                                The Chair and Senior Independent Director regularly meet with investors to discuss Board priorities and seek shareholder
                                feedback. The People and Remuneration Committee Chair also meets with investors and proxy advisors to discuss remuneration.


                                Annual General Meeting
                                We facilitate and encourage shareholder participation at our Annual General Meeting (AGM). The meeting provides an
                                opportunity for all investors to hear about BHP’s performance and to question and engage with the Board and vote on the
                                resolutions. The External Auditor is also available to answer questions at the AGM.
                                >Information on our AGM is available at bhp.com/meetings
                                Before the AGM, shareholders are provided with all material information in BHP’s possession relevant to their decision on
                                whether to elect or re-elect a Director. Copies of the speeches delivered by the Chair and CEO at the AGM are released to the
                                relevant stock exchanges and posted on our website.
                                Proceedings at shareholder meetings are webcast live from our website. Resolutions at general meetings are decided by a poll
                                rather than by a show of hands.
                                A summary of proceedings and the outcome of voting on the items of business are released to the relevant stock exchanges and
                                posted on our website as soon as they are available.


           Stakeholder engagement
           The Board considers effective stakeholder engagement a key element of its governance and oversight role. Our strategy, our 2030 goals, our purpose and
           our Risk Appetite Statement reflect the significance of external partners and stakeholders in decision-making.

           There are multiple ways the views of partners and stakeholders, beyond shareholders, are brought to the Board and its Committees.

           Examples of reports that are provided to the Board include Employee Perception Survey findings, gender pay gap reports and updates from the CEO and
           Chief People Officer. In addition, the Risk and Audit Committee and Sustainability Committee receive reports on engagement with regulators. The Risk
           and Audit Committee receives reports on material litigation and disputes with third parties and misconduct concerns raised through confidential
           reporting platforms. The Sustainability Committee receives updates on Community Perception Survey findings.


           Stakeholder engagement
           
                                Site visits
                                Site visits provide an opportunity for Directors to engage directly with the workforce, partners, community members, Indigenous
                                and First Nations representatives and contractors and gain a greater understanding of the Group’s operations, culture, material
                                risks and risk management processes, and other issues relevant to the specific site. Site visits in FY2024 included to Nickel West
                                and BMA (November 2023), New South Wales Energy Coal (February 2024), Spence (April 2024) and Jansen (June 2024).
           
                                                                                     137
                                    Workforce
                                    Directors also have the opportunity to engage directly with a cross-section of the workforce at Board and Committee meetings, at
                                    Director briefing sessions and during visits to our sites and offices.

                                    Presentations and briefings
                                    Presentation materials for briefings and speeches related to financial results, strategy, decarbonisation and other key topics are
                                    available at bhp.com for all stakeholders.
                                    Events
                                    Various events throughout the year, such as retail shareholder events in Australia and the UK and the AGM, provide opportunities
                                    for engagement with a range of partners and stakeholders, including government officials, community members, Traditional
                                    Owners and other Indigenous partners and non-government organisations.


           7.2          Market disclosure
           BHP is committed to timely and balanced disclosure of market sensitive information.

           BHP’s Market Disclosure and Communications policy sets out the processes designed to ensure compliance with BHP’s relevant disclosure obligations
           and outlines the way in which information is communicated to shareholders, the investment community and the market. It outlines how we identify and
           distribute information to shareholders and market participants and sets out the role of the Disclosure Committee in managing compliance with market
           disclosure obligations.

           The Board receives copies of material market announcements promptly after they have been released.

           Where BHP gives a new and substantive investor or analyst presentation, it releases a copy of the presentation materials to the market ahead of the
           presentation.




For personal use only
           >The Market Disclosure and Communications policy is available at bhp.com/governance

           In addition, we have disclosure controls in place for periodic disclosures, including the Operational Review, our results announcements, debt investor
           documents (such as the prospectus for the Euro or Australian Medium-Term Notes) and Annual Report documents, which must comply with relevant
           regulatory requirements.

           >More information about these verification processes can be found in the Disclosure Controls for Periodic Disclosure document available at
           bhp.com/governance


           8. Culture and conduct
           Code of Conduct
           We are committed to the highest level of governance and strive to foster a culture that values and rewards exemplary ethical standards, personal and
           corporate integrity and respect for others.

           The Board, together with management, plays a critical role in setting and reinforcing the culture of the Group.

           Our Code of Conduct is approved by the Board and is based on Our Values: Do what’s right, Seek better ways and Make a difference. It applies to all
           our Directors, senior executives and employees.

           Our Code of Conduct includes our policies on speaking up and anti-bribery and corruption, sets out standards of behaviour for our people and is an
           important statement of the culture at BHP.

           >For more information on our policies on speaking up and our commitment against corruption refer to OFR 6.8

           >Our Code of Conduct is available at bhp.com/about/operating-ethically/our-code/


           BHP’s channels to raise misconduct concerns
           We have mechanisms in place for anyone to raise a query about Our Code of Conduct or make a report if they feel Our Code of Conduct has been
           breached. BHP’s reporting channels to raise misconduct concerns comprise an online portal and 24-hour multilingual call service. These channels are
           confidential and accessible to all employees, contractors and external partners and stakeholders, including members of the public, to raise concerns
           about misconduct that may be unethical, illegal or inconsistent with Our Code of Conduct. All misconduct concerns raised through our reporting
           channels are reviewed and categorised by the Ethics and Investigations team. Once categorised, reports are assigned in accordance with internal policy
           and processes to an investigator, line leader or appropriate team for resolution. All significant Our Code of Conduct matters and key trends from
           investigations are reported to the Risk and Audit Committee. These are then reported to the Board as part of its report-out process.
           
                                                                                          138
           >For more information on ethics and business conduct refer to OFR 6.8

           >More information on ethics and business conduct is available at bhp.com/ethics


           9. Risk management and assurance
           9.1 Risk management governance structure
           Risk governance
           The Risk and Audit Committee (RAC) oversees and assists the Board in risk management and reviewing the emerging and principal risks facing the
           Group, including financial and non-financial risks that could threaten the Group’s business model, future performance, solvency, liquidity or reputation.
           This includes business risk, financial reporting risk, insurance risk, tax risk, technology security and cyber risk, climate risk and ethical compliance
           programs. The Board requires the CEO to implement a system of control for identifying and managing risk. The Risk team is accountable for this
           system, known as BHP’s Risk Framework, and also supports, challenges and verifies risk management activities to give assurance to management and
           the Board. The Directors, with support from the RAC, monitor and, at least annually, will review the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of risk
           management and internal control. The RAC, in undertaking this review, makes a recommendation to the Board on whether the systems of risk
           management and internal control continue to be sound and whether the Group is operating with due regard to the risk appetite set by the Board.

           >For more information refer to OFR 8


           Internal audit
           The Internal Audit team provides assurance to the Board, CEO and Executive Leadership Team on whether risk management, internal control and
           governance processes are adequate and functioning. The Internal Audit team is independent of the External Auditor. The RAC evaluates and, if thought
           fit, approves the Terms of Reference of the Internal Audit team and the annual internal audit plan and monitors the effectiveness of the internal audit
           activities.

           The RAC approves the appointment and dismissal of the Chief Audit Officer (which is currently the Chief Risk and Audit Officer) and assesses their




For personal use only
           performance, independence and objectivity. During FY2024, the Chief Risk and Audit Officer reported directly to the RAC and functional oversight of
           the Internal Audit team was provided by the Chief Financial Officer.


           Effectiveness of systems of internal control and risk management
           In delegating authority to the CEO, the Board has established CEO limits, outlined in the Board Governance Document. These limits require the CEO to
           ensure there is a system of control in place for identifying and managing risk in BHP. Through the RAC, the Directors regularly review these systems
           for their effectiveness. These reviews include assessing whether processes continue to meet evolving external governance requirements.

           The RAC oversees and reviews the internal controls and risk management systems (including procedures, processes and systems for, among other
           things, financial controls, financial reporting, reporting of reserves and resources, closure and rehabilitation, legal and ethical compliance, preventing
           fraud and serious breaches of business conduct, speak-up procedures, information technology security and cyber risk). Any material breaches of Our
           Code of Conduct, including breaches of our anti-bribery and corruption requirements and any material incidents reported under our speak-up procedures
           are reported quarterly to the RAC by the Chief Compliance Officer. These reports are then communicated to the Board through the report-out process.

           During FY2024, management presented an assessment of the material risks facing BHP and the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of risk
           management. The reviews were overseen by the RAC, with findings and recommendations reported to the Board. In addition to considering key risks
           facing BHP, the Board assessed the effectiveness of internal controls over key risks identified through the work of the Board Committees.

           Having carried out a review during FY2024, the Board is satisfied with the effectiveness of BHP’s risk management and internal control systems.


           Environmental and social risks
           BHP’s risk factors (including material exposure to environmental and social risks) and how we manage these risks are described in OFR 8.

           9.2          External audit and financial reporting
           Integrity of Financial Statements
           The RAC assists the Board in assuring the integrity of the Financial Statements. The RAC evaluates and makes recommendations to the Board about the
           appropriateness of accounting policies and practices, areas of judgement, compliance with accounting standards, stock exchange and legal requirements
           and the results of the external audit.
           
                                                                                      139
           CEO and CFO assurance

           For the FY2024 full year and half year, the CEO and CFO have provided a declaration that in their opinion, BHP’s financial records have been properly
           maintained and those Financial Statements comply with accounting standards and applicable regulatory requirements and give a true and fair view of the
           financial position and performance of BHP, and that the opinion was formed on the basis of a sound system of risk management and internal control,
           which is operating effectively. The RAC considered these certifications when recommending the Financial Statements to the Board for approval.


           External Auditor
           The RAC manages the relationship with the External Auditor on behalf of the Board. It considers the independence and reappointment of the External
           Auditor each year, as well as remuneration and other terms of engagement and makes a recommendation to the Board.


           Evaluation of External Auditor and external audit process
           The RAC evaluates the objectivity and independence of the External Auditor and the quality and effectiveness of the external audit arrangements,
           including through:
           
           •            reviewing the terms of engagement of the External Auditor
           
           •            considering the external audit plan, in particular to gain assurance that it is tailored to reflect changes in circumstances from the prior year and
                        reviewing the plan during the audit engagement
           
           •            meeting with the audit partners, particularly the lead audit engagement partners, throughout the year and without management present
           
           •            discussing with the audit engagement partners the skills and experience of the broader audit team
           
           •            considering the quality of the External Auditor’s performance following the completion of the audit

           In addition, the RAC reviews the integrity, independence and objectivity of the External Auditor and assesses whether there is any element of the
           relationship that impairs or appears to impair the External Auditor’s judgement or independence. The External Auditor also certifies its independence to




For personal use only
           the RAC.


           Non-audit services
           Although the External Auditor provides some non-audit services to the Group, the objectivity and independence of the External Auditor are safeguarded
           through restrictions on the provision of these services with some services prohibited from being undertaken.


           Pre-approved services
           The RAC has adopted a policy titled Provision of Audit and Other Services by the External Auditor covering the RAC’s pre-approval policies and
           procedures to maintain the independence of the External Auditor.

           The categories of ‘pre-approved’ services are:
           
           •            Audit services – work that constitutes the agreed scope of the statutory audit and includes the statutory audits of BHP and its entities (including
                        interim reviews). The RAC monitors the audit services engagements and if necessary, approves any changes in terms and conditions resulting
                        from changes in audit scope, Group structure or other relevant events.
           
           •            Audit-related and other assurance services – work that is outside the scope of the statutory audit but is consistent with the role of the external
                        statutory auditor. This category includes work that is reasonably related to the performance of an audit or review and is a logical extension of the
                        audit or review scope, is of an assurance or compliance nature and is work that the external auditors must or are best placed to undertake and is
                        permissible under the relevant applicable standard.
           
           •            Tax services – identification of public subsidies and tax incentives and support regarding tax inspections by tax authorities, but only when support
                        from the external auditor or audit firm is required by law.

           Activities outside the scope of the categories above are not ‘pre-approved’ and must be approved by the RAC prior to engagement, regardless of the
           dollar value involved. In addition, any engagement for other services with a value over US$250,000, even if listed as a ‘pre-approved’ service, requires
           the approval of the RAC.

           All engagements for non-audit services, whether ‘pre-approved’ or not and regardless of the dollar value involved, are reported quarterly to the RAC.
           While not prohibited by BHP’s policy, any proposed engagement of the External Auditor relating to internal control requires specific prior approval
           from the RAC. In addition, while the categories of ‘pre-approved’ services include a list of certain pre-approved services, the use of the External Auditor
           to perform these services will always be subject to our overriding governance practices as articulated in the policy.

           In addition, the RAC did not approve any services during the year ended 30 June 2024 pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of SEC
           Regulation S-X (provision of services other than audit).

           Fees paid to BHP’s External Auditor during FY2024 for audit and other services were US$15.722 million, of which 71 per cent comprised audit fees
           (including in relation to SOX matters), 12 per cent for audit-related fees and 17 per cent for all other fees. US$10,000 fees were paid in relation to tax
           services. For information on the fees paid refer to Financial Statements note 36 ‘Auditor’s remuneration’.

           >Our Provision of Audit and Other Services by the External Auditor policy is available at bhp.com/governance


           Management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting
           Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule
           15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
           
                                                                                               140
           Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be
           effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of
           effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance
           with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

           Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, the effectiveness of BHP’s internal control over
           financial reporting was evaluated based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Controls – Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the
           Committee of the Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that internal control over
           financial reporting was effective as at 30 June 2024. There were no material weaknesses in BHP’s internal controls over financial reporting identified by
           management as at 30 June 2024.

           BHP has engaged independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young, to issue an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over
           financial reporting for inclusion in the Annual Report on Form 20-F as filed with the SEC.

           There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during FY2024 that materially affected or were reasonably likely to materially
           affect our internal control over financial reporting.

           During FY2024, the RAC reviewed our compliance with the obligations imposed by SOX, including evaluating and documenting internal controls as
           required by section 404 of SOX.


           Management’s assessment of disclosure controls and procedures
           Management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
           controls and procedures as at 30 June 2024. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the material financial
           and non-financial information required to be disclosed by BHP, including in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
           processed, summarised and reported on a timely basis. This information is accumulated and communicated to BHP’s management, including our CEO
           and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation, management (including the CEO and CFO)
           concluded that as at 30 June 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in providing that reasonable assurance.




For personal use only
           There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the
           circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of
           achieving their control objectives.

           In the design and evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, management was required to apply its judgement in evaluating the cost-benefit
           relationship of possible controls and procedures.
           
                                                                                      141
           10.          US requirements
           BHP Group Limited is a registrant with the SEC in the United States. It is classified as a foreign private issuer and has American Depositary Shares
           listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).

           We have reviewed the governance requirements applicable to foreign private issuers under SOX, including the rules promulgated by the SEC and the
           rules of the NYSE, and are satisfied that we comply with those requirements.

           Under NYSE rules, foreign private issuers such as BHP are required to disclose any significant ways our corporate governance practices differ from
           those followed by US companies under the NYSE corporate governance standards. After a comparison of our corporate governance practices with the
           requirements of Section 303A of the NYSE-Listed Company Manual followed by US companies, two significant differences were identified:
                         Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act requires NYSE-listed companies to ensure their audit committees are directly responsible for the appointment,
                         compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the External Auditor unless the company’s governing law or documents or other home
                         country legal requirements require or permit shareholders to ultimately vote on or approve these matters. Under the terms of our Constitution,
                         our shareholders are ultimately responsible for the appointment and retention of the External Auditor and are required to vote on the appointment
                         of the External Auditor from time to time (as required under Australian law). The RAC remains directly responsible for the compensation and
                         oversight of the work of the External Auditor.
                         Under Section 303A.08 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-compensation
                         plans and material revisions thereto, with certain exemptions. Under Australian law, BHP Group Limited is not required to provide for
                         shareholder votes on all equity-compensation plans or revisions thereto. Shareholder approval is required for issues of shares to Directors and
                         accordingly is sought only for certain incentive awards to the CEO. The Remuneration Report voted on by shareholders at the Annual General
                         Meeting describes Board and executive remuneration. All incentive programs offered to the Board and/or Executives are intended to comply
                         with our remuneration framework.

           We have adopted a Securities Dealing policy and procedures that cover the purchase, sale and other dealings of our securities by Directors, senior
           management and employees that seek to promote compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations.
           
                                                                                            142




For personal use only
           Directors’ Report
           The information presented by the Directors in this Directors’ Report relates to BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries. The Operating and Financial
           Review (OFR), the Remuneration Report and the ‘Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration’ are incorporated by reference into and form part of this
           Directors’ Report.


           1.           Review of operations, principal activities and state of affairs
           A review of the operations of BHP during FY2024, the results of those operations during FY2024 and the expected results of those operations in future
           financial years are set out in the OFR 1–7, 9 and 11. Information on the likely developments in BHP’s operations in future years and the expected results
           of those operations also appears in that section.

           Our principal activities, including significant changes in the nature of BHP’s principal activities during FY2024 are disclosed in the OFR.

           There were no significant changes in BHP’s state of affairs that occurred during FY2024 and no significant post balance date events other than as
           disclosed in the OFR and Financial Statements note 35 ‘Subsequent events’.

           No other matter or circumstance has arisen since the end of FY2024 that has significantly affected or is expected to significantly affect the operations,
           the results of operations or state of affairs of BHP in future years.


           2.           Directors
           The Directors who served at any time during FY2024 or up until the date of this Directors’ Report are listed in the Board and Board Committee
           attendance table below. Information on the current Directors, including their terms of service, qualifications, experience and special responsibilities, and
           directorships of other listed companies held in the last three years, is set out in the Corporate Governance Statement. This information is incorporated by
           reference into and forms part of this Directors’ Report.

           Director attendances at meetings




For personal use only
           The Board meets as often as required. During FY2024, the Board met 16 times.

           Members of the Executive Leadership Team and other members of senior management attend meetings of the Board by invitation.

           Each Board Committee provides a standing invitation for any Non-executive Director to attend Committee meetings (rather than just limiting attendance
           to Committee members). Committee agendas and papers are provided to all Directors concerning matters to be considered. The table below excludes the
           attendance of Directors at Committee meetings where they were not a Committee member.

           Board and Board Committee attendance in FY2024
           
                                                                                                           Nomination             People and
                                                                                  Risk and Audit         and Governance          Remuneration          Sustainability
                                                               Board                Committee              Committee              Committee             Committee
                                                           Attended/Held          Attended/Held           Attended/Held          Attended/Held         Attended/Held
           Terry Bowen1                                              7/7                     4/4                     3/3
           Xiaoqun Clever-Steg                                     16/16                     8/8
           Ian Cockerill3                                          11/11                     8/8                                                                    3/3
           Gary Goldberg                                           16/16                                               6/6                                          4/4
           Mike Henry                                              16/16
           Michelle Hinchliffe2                                    16/16                         8/8                   3/3
           Don Lindsay5                                              4/4                         1/1                                                                1/1
           Ken MacKenzie                                           16/16                                               6/6
           Ross McEwan4                                              5/5                         1/1                                         1/1
           Christine O’Reilly                                      16/16                         8/8                   6/6                   6/6
           Catherine Tanna                                         16/16                                                                     6/6                    4/4
           Dion Weisler                                            16/16                                                                     6/6                    4/4
           
           Footnotes
           
           1.           Terry Bowen served as a Non-executive Director from 1 October 2017 until his retirement on 1 November 2023 and was a member of the Risk
                        and Audit and Nomination and Governance Committees until 1 November 2023.
           
           2.           Michelle Hinchliffe was appointed Chair of the Risk and Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination and Governance Committee from
                        1 November 2023.
           
           3.           Ian Cockerill served as a Non-executive Director from 1 April 2019 until his retirement on 4 April 2024 and was a member of the Risk and Audit
                        and Sustainability Committees until 4 April 2024.
           
           4.           Ross McEwan was appointed as a Non-executive Director and a member of the Risk and Audit and People and Remuneration Committees from
                        3 April 2024.
           
           5.           Don Lindsay was appointed as a Non-executive Director and a member of the Risk and Audit and Sustainability Committees from 1 May 2024.
           
                                                                                           143
           3.           Share interests
           Directors’ shareholdings
           Subject to securities dealing constraints, Non-executive Directors have agreed to apply at least 25 per cent of their remuneration (base fees plus
           Committee fees) to the purchase of BHP shares until they achieve a minimum shareholding requirement equivalent in value to one year of remuneration
           (base fees plus Committee fees). Details of Directors’ shareholdings in BHP as at the date of this Directors’ Report are shown in the table below. All
           Directors have met the minimum shareholding requirement under their Terms of Appointment as at 30 June 2024, with the exception of Don Lindsay
           and Ross McEwan who joined the Board on 1 May 2024 and 3 April 2024, respectively. No rights or options over shares in BHP Group Limited are held
           by any of the Non-executive Directors. We have not made available to any Directors any interest in a registered scheme. No shareholder possesses
           voting rights that differ from those attaching to all of BHP Group Limited’s voting securities.
           
           Director                                                                                                                                Number of shares held1
           Xiaoqun Clever-Steg                                                                                                                                      8,539
           Gary Goldberg                                                                                                                                          18,000
           Mike Henry2                                                                                                                                           410,001
           Michelle Hinchliffe                                                                                                                                    10,107
           Don Lindsay                                                                                                                                                  –
           Ken MacKenzie                                                                                                                                          58,446
           Ross McEwan                                                                                                                                                  –
           Christine O’Reilly                                                                                                                                       9,420
           Catherine Tanna                                                                                                                                        10,400
           Dion Weisler                                                                                                                                             7,544
           
           1.           The number of shares held refers to shares held either directly, indirectly or beneficially by Directors as at 27 August 2024. Where applicable, the
                        information includes shares held in the name of a spouse, superannuation fund, nominee and/or other controlled entities.
           
           2.           As at 27 August 2024, Mike Henry also holds 973,178 rights and options over shares in BHP Group Limited. For more information refer to the
                        Equity awards section in the Remuneration Report 5.2.




For personal use only
           Executive Key Management Personnel
           Interests held by members of the Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP) under employee equity plans as at 30 June 2024 are set out in the tables
           contained in the Equity awards section in the Remuneration Report 5.2.

           The table below sets out the relevant interests in shares in BHP Group Limited held directly, indirectly or beneficially, as at the date of this Directors’
           Report by those senior executives who were Executive KMP (other than the Executive Director) on that date.
           
           Executive KMP member                                                                                                                    Number of shares held1
           Brandon Craig                                                                                                                                          25,665
           Vandita Pant                                                                                                                                          170,688
           Geraldine Slattery                                                                                                                                    195,011
           
           1            The number of shares held refers to shares held either directly, indirectly or beneficially as at 27 August 2024. Where applicable, the information
                        includes shares held in the name of a spouse, superannuation fund, nominee and/or other controlled entities.
           
                                                                                             144
           4.           Share capital and buy-back programs
           During FY2024, we did not make any on-market or off-market purchases of BHP Group Limited ordinary shares under any share buy-back program. As
           at the date of this Directors’ Report, there were no current on-market buy-backs.

           Some of our executives receive rights over BHP shares as part of their remuneration arrangements. Entitlements may be satisfied by the transfer of
           existing shares, which are acquired on-market by the Employee Share Ownership Plan Trusts or, in respect of some entitlements, by the issue of shares.
           During FY2024, no shares were purchased on-market for the Employee Share Ownership Plan Trusts.

           As at the date of this Directors’ Report, there were 14,700,777 unvested equity awards outstanding in relation to BHP Group Limited ordinary shares
           held by 24,462 holders. The expiry dates of these unvested equity awards range between August 2024 and August 2028 and there is no exercise price.
           5,710,261 fully paid ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited were issued as a result of the exercise of rights over unissued shares during or since the end
           of FY2024. No options over unissued shares or unissued interests in BHP have been granted during or since the end of FY2024 and no shares or
           interests were issued as a result of the exercise of an option over unissued shares or interests during or since the end of FY2024. For more information
           refer to Financial Statements note 26 ‘Employee share ownership plans’. For information on movements in share capital during and since the end of
           FY2024 refer to Financial Statements note 17 ‘Share capital’.


           5.           Group Company Secretary
           Stefanie Wilkinson is the Group Company Secretary. For details of her qualifications and experience refer to Corporate Governance Statement 4.1.
           Stefanie Wilkinson has experience in a company secretariat role or other relevant fields arising from time spent advising other large-listed companies or
           other relevant entities.


           6.           Indemnities and insurance
           Rule 146 of the BHP Group Limited Constitution requires the company to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Officer of BHP Group
           Limited against liability incurred in or arising out of the conduct of the business of BHP or the discharge of the duties of the Officer. The Directors
           named in 4.1 of the Corporate Governance Statement, and the Company Secretary and other Officers of BHP Group Limited have the benefit of this
           requirement, as do individuals who formerly held one of those positions.




For personal use only
           In accordance with this requirement, BHP Group Limited has entered into Deeds of Indemnity, Access and Insurance (Deeds of Indemnity) with its
           Directors.

           Under BHP’s Deed Poll for Indemnification, BHP Group Limited and BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly BHP Group Plc) must, to the extent permitted by
           law, indemnify current and former employees of the Group against liability to third parties incurred in or arising out of the conduct of the business of the
           Group or the discharge of the duties of these employees, including where an employee performs a role at another entity at the request of the Group. The
           indemnity is subject to certain limitations and does not apply where the liability has arisen in circumstances involving dishonesty, recklessness, wilful
           misconduct or lack of good faith by the employee seeking indemnification.

           In addition, as part of the arrangements to effect the demerger of South32, we agreed to indemnify certain former Officers of BHP who transitioned to
           South32 from certain claims and liabilities incurred in their capacity as Directors or Officers of South32.

           The terms of engagement for certain services include that we must compensate and reimburse EY for and protect EY against any loss, damage, expense
           or liability incurred by EY in respect of third-party claims arising from a breach by BHP of any obligation under the engagement terms.

           We have insured against amounts that we may be liable to pay to Directors, Company Secretaries or certain employees (including former Officers)
           pursuant to Rule 146 of the Constitution of BHP Group Limited or that we otherwise agree to pay by way of indemnity. The insurance policy also
           insures Directors, Company Secretaries and some employees (including former Officers) against certain liabilities (including legal costs) they may incur
           in carrying out their duties. For this Directors’ and Officers’ insurance, we paid premiums of US$17,535,690 excluding taxes during FY2024.

           No indemnity in favour of a current or former Officer of BHP Group Limited or in favour of the External Auditor was called on during FY2024.


           7.           Dividends
           A final dividend of 74 US cents per share will be paid on 3 October 2024, resulting in total cash dividends determined in respect of FY2024 of 146 US
           cents per share.

           >For information on the dividends paid refer to Financial Statements note 19 ‘Dividends’


           8.           Auditors
           No current Officer of BHP has held the role of director or partner of the Group’s current External Auditor.


           9.           Non-audit services
           For information on the non-audit services undertaken by BHP’s External Auditor, including the amounts paid for non-audit services, refer to Financial
           Statements note 36 ‘Auditor’s remuneration’. All non-audit services were approved in accordance with the process set out in the Policy on Provision of
           Audit and Other Services by the External Auditor. No non-audit services were carried out that were specifically excluded by the Policy on Provision of
           Audit and Other Services by the External Auditor. Based on advice provided by the Risk and Audit Committee, the Directors have formed the view that
           the provision of non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors, and that the nature of non-audit services means
           that auditor independence was not compromised. The reason for this view is that the objectivity and independence of the External Auditor are
           safeguarded through restrictions on the provision of these services with some services prohibited from being undertaken.
           
                                                                                       145
           >For more information about our policy in relation to the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor refer to ‘External audit and
           financial reporting’ in our Corporate Governance Statement 9.2


           10.          Exploration, research and development
           Companies within the Group carry out exploration and research and development necessary to support their activities.

           >For more information refer to OFR 5 ‘Our assets’, OFR 9 ‘Performance by commodity’ and Additional information 6 ‘Mineral resources and
           mineral reserves’


           11.          ASIC Instrument 2016/191
           BHP Group Limited is an entity to which the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’
           Reports) Instrument 2016/191 applies. Amounts in this Directors’ Report and the Financial Statements, except estimates of future expenditure or where
           otherwise indicated, have been rounded to the nearest million dollars in accordance with ASIC Instrument 2016/191.


           12.          Proceedings on behalf of BHP Group Limited
           No proceedings have been brought on behalf of BHP Group Limited, nor has any application been made, under section 237 of the Australian
           Corporations Act 2001.


           13.          Performance in relation to environmental regulation
           BHP seeks to be compliant with all applicable environmental laws and regulations relevant to its operations. We monitor compliance on a regular basis,
           including through external and internal means, to minimise the risk of non-compliance.

           >For more information on BHP’s performance in relation to health, safety and the environment refer to OFR 6.7, 6.1, 6.9 and 6.10




For personal use only
           For the purposes of section 299(1)(f) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001, in FY2024 BHP was levied nine fines in relation to environmental laws
           and regulations at our operated assets, the total amount payable being US$86,850.58.


           14.          Additional information
           
           •            BHP Group Limited has a branch registered in the United Kingdom. The Group, through various subsidiaries, has also established branches in a
                        number of other countries.

           The Directors’ Report is approved in accordance with a resolution of the Board.

           
           Ken MacKenzie                                                                        Mike Henry
           Chair                                                                                Chief Executive Officer
           Dated: 27 August 2024
           
                                                                                          146
           Remuneration Report
           Contents
           
           People and Remuneration Committee Chair letter to shareholders                                                                      148
           1. Remuneration governance                                                                                                          151
           2. Executive KMP remuneration framework                                                                                             152
                        2.1 How the remuneration framework is set                                                                              152
                        2.2 Remuneration framework operation                                                                                   152
                        2.3 Remuneration mix                                                                                                   155
           3. Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP                                                                                 155
                        3.1 FY2024 remuneration received by the CEO                                                                            155
                        3.2 FY2024 CDP performance outcomes                                                                                    156
                        3.3 FY2024 LTIP performance outcomes                                                                                   160
                        3.4 Overarching discretion and vesting underpin                                                                        160
                        3.5 LTIP allocated during FY2024                                                                                       161
                        3.6 FY2025 remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP                                                            162
           4. Remuneration for Non-executive Directors                                                                                         162
                        4.1 Remuneration framework of Non-executive Directors                                                                  163
                        4.2 Non-executive Directors’ remuneration in FY2024 and FY2025                                                         163




For personal use only
           5. Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures                                                                                 164
                        5.1 KMP remuneration table                                                                                             164
                        5.2 Equity awards                                                                                                      166
                        5.3 Estimated value range of equity awards                                                                             168
                        5.4 Ordinary shareholdings and transactions                                                                            169
                        5.5 Prohibition on hedging of BHP shares and equity instruments                                                        169
                        5.6 Share ownership guidelines and the MSR                                                                             169
                        5.7 Transactions with KMP                                                                                              170
           
           Abbreviation           Item                                                          Abbreviation Item
           AGM                    Annual General Meeting                                        KMP         Key Management Personnel
           CDP                    Cash and Deferred Plan                                        LTIP        Long-Term Incentive Plan
           CEO                    Chief Executive Officer                                       MAP         Management Award Plan
           DEP                    Dividend equivalent payment                                   MSR         Minimum shareholding requirement
           ELT                    Executive Leadership Team                                     ROCE        Return on capital employed
           GHG                    Greenhouse gas                                                S&S         Safety and sustainability
           HSEC                   Health, safety, environment and community                     TSR         Total shareholder return
           IFRS                   International Financial Reporting Standards
           
                                                                                          147
           People and Remuneration Committee Chair letter to shareholders
           “Our shareholders will see that our executives’ remuneration outcomes are aligned with our business performance during FY2024.”

           Dear Shareholders,
           I am pleased to provide BHP’s Remuneration Report for FY2024.


           Our approach and framework
           During FY2024, the People and Remuneration Committee (Committee) focused on achieving remuneration outcomes that both fairly reflect the
           performance of BHP and the contribution of our employees while aligning with the interests of shareholders and other key stakeholders.

           The objectives of our remuneration framework are to support the execution of the Group’s global strategy, encourage and sustain a culture aligned with
           the Group’s values and BHP’s purpose and risk appetite, and provide competitive remuneration, linked to performance, sufficient to attract, retain and
           motivate our executives on a global basis. This is critical to delivering the best outcomes for all BHP shareholders.


           FY2024 reflections
           We delivered strong operational and financial performance in FY2024. We achieved record production at Spence, Carrapateena and Western Australia
           Iron Ore and widened our lead as the lowest cost major iron ore producer.

           The safety of our people remains our absolute priority. FY2024 was overshadowed by the fatality of Luke O’Brien, a team member working with one of
           our contracting partners at BMA, who was fatally injured at the Saraji mine in Queensland. We remain committed to eliminating fatalities and serious
           injuries at BHP. In a year where we have reported a fatality, it is important this has a flow-on impact on our performance-based remuneration framework
           outcomes for BHP executives, which reinforces our unwavering commitment to zero fatalities and serious injuries at BHP. Appropriately, there has been
           an impact on remuneration outcomes from this event.

           We continued to make meaningful progress towards a more inclusive and diverse workforce, which is critical for productive and safer teams. We




For personal use only
           increased female participation across the Group to over 37 per cent, up almost 2 percentage points from last year.

           In FY2023 we identified and disclosed two issues with certain allowances and entitlements affecting some current and former employees in Australia.
           We self-reported these issues to Australia’s Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) and engaged Protiviti, a global assurance firm, to undertake a review of our
           payroll systems. The Board and CEO have taken these issues seriously. A range of consequences have been implemented for employees in connection
           with these issues. For the CEO, a reduction has been applied to his FY2024 CDP outcome (refer further below).


           FY2024 Cash and Deferred Plan scorecard
           BHP’s Cash and Deferred Plan (CDP) is an annual cash and equity incentive scheme, with awards provided as cash and deferred shares that vest in two
           and five years. The FY2024 CDP scorecard used to assess the CEO’s and other ELT members’ annual performance comprised stretching performance
           measures based on three elements – safety and sustainability, financial and personal performance elements. A key aspect of the CDP is that vesting of the
           five-year deferred share awards is underpinned by a holistic review of performance at the end of the five-year vesting period, including a review of
           safety and sustainability performance over the five-year period.

           Climate change CDP measures also play a meaningful role in the determination of our remuneration outcomes for our CEO and other ELT members.
           Each year since FY2020, climate change scorecard targets have represented 10 per cent in BHP’s CDP scorecard. Our Climate Transition Action Plan
           (CTAP) 2024 provides an update on our climate strategy and our progress and plan in relation to our GHG emissions goals and targets.


           FY2024 Cash and Deferred Plan outcomes for the CEO
           The Committee assessed the CEO’s performance against the CDP scorecard elements, which resulted in a FY2024 CDP outcome of 71.7 per cent
           against a target of 100 per cent (and 47.8 per cent of the maximum). The Board and Committee believe this overall outcome is appropriately aligned
           with BHP’s values, the shareholder experience and the interests of the Group’s other key stakeholders.

           Safety and sustainability measures have a 25 per cent total weighting. There is a 10 per cent measure for significant HSEC events. The outcome took
           into account the fatality at the Saraji mine in FY2024 and the 10 per cent measure for significant HSEC events was reduced to zero in FY2024 for the
           CEO. For other sustainability measures, good progress was made against the scorecard’s climate change targets and our outcomes with respect to
           Indigenous partnerships was broadly aligned to target. As a result, the CDP scorecard assessment for the safety and sustainability measures overall was
           15 per cent out of a target of 25 per cent.
           
                                                                                     148
           For the financial measures, after fully eliminating the impacts of commodity prices during the year, operating performance at our operated assets was
           below the challenging internal targets set at the commencement of the year, particularly with respect to production volumes, despite achieving record
           production at some assets. The CDP scorecard assessment for the financial measure was 37 per cent out of a target of 50 per cent.

           From a personal contribution perspective, the Committee considered Mike Henry’s performance against his Group measures. These included projects
           and initiatives in respect of people, performance and portfolio. The Committee considered Mike’s performance against his Group objectives was slightly
           below expectations and assessed it as 24 per cent against the target of 25 per cent.

           This assessment against scorecard objectives gave an FY2024 CDP outcome for Mike of 76 per cent based on performance during the year. Subsequent
           to this assessment, the Board also took into account the CEO’s ultimate accountability for the operations of BHP, specifically payroll issues, and made
           the decision to reduce Mike’s overall FY2024 outcome by 4.3 percentage points from 76 per cent to 71.7 per cent.

           The CDP scorecard outcomes for other ELT members and the short-term incentive pool applicable to the majority of BHP employees below the ELT
           level, were, like the CEO, below the 100 per cent target and, for certain executives, the CDP scorecard outcomes included downward adjustments
           reflecting accountability for BHP’s payroll issues.


           2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan award
           The vesting outcome for the 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) award was 50 per cent. The LTIP performance condition is relative total
           shareholder return against two separate index measures – a sector peer group and the MSCI World Index. BHP outperformed both the sector peer group
           and the MSCI World Index requirements for threshold vesting (at which 25 per cent of the award would vest) but performance was below the
           requirements for maximum vesting (at which 100 per cent of the award would vest).

           In considering vesting of the 2019 LTIP award, the Board and Committee have also conducted their normal holistic review of business performance over
           the five years since the award was granted to ensure this level of vesting was appropriate. More information on the 2019 LTIP vesting outcome is
           included in 3.3 FY2024 LTIP performance outcomes and 3.4 Overarching discretion and vesting underpin.

           Having considered the overall remuneration outcome for the CEO carefully, the Committee concluded it was a fair reflection of performance and the




For personal use only
           experience of shareholders, and the application of any downwards discretion to the vesting of the LTIP was not warranted. More information on the
           overall remuneration outcomes for the CEO for the year, and how the outcomes are aligned to performance during FY2024, is provided in 3.1 FY2024
           remuneration received by the CEO.


           FY2025 remuneration
           For FY2025, the Committee determined that the CEO’s base salary would increase by 4 per cent, effective 1 September 2024. In making this decision,
           we have conducted benchmarking and considered the external market demand for global senior executive talent. We benchmark the CEO’s and other
           executives’ remuneration against CEO and senior executive roles in other global companies of similar complexity, reach and scale. This detailed
           benchmarking is intended to ensure BHP’s executive remuneration remains competitive to attract, motivate and retain key talented senior executives and
           is consistent with the global market.

           The Committee considers the CEO’s base salary increase to be appropriate in this context, and it is below the average salary increase applied for other
           BHP employees. Other components of the CEO’s total target remuneration (pension contributions, benefits, CDP and LTIP) remain unchanged and,
           where relevant, as percentages of base salary. A summary of the CEO’s arrangements for FY2025 is set out in the following table.
           
           CEO FY2025 fixed remuneration                                         CEO FY2025 CDP                                   CEO FY2025 LTIP
           •  Base salary US$1.893 million per annum, an           •   Target cash award of 80% of base salary        •    The LTIP grant is based on a face value
              increase of 4% from 1 September 2024.                    (maximum 120%).                                     of 200% of base salary.
           •            Pension contribution 10% of base salary.   •   Two awards of deferred shares each of          •    LTIP awards have challenging relative
                                                                       equivalent value to the cash award, vesting         TSR performance hurdles measured over
                                                                       in two and five years, respectively.                five years.
                                                                   •   Three performance measures:
                                                                         •   S&S – 25%
                                                                         •   Financial – 50%
                                                                         •   Group – 25%
           
                                                                                      149
           The majority of the CEO’s remuneration package continues to be delivered in BHP equity, not in cash. The CEO’s remuneration is linked to the
           performance of the business. In addition, the CEO has a minimum shareholding requirement of five times pre-tax base salary and this applies for two
           years post-retirement. This ensures the CEO’s remuneration is aligned to the experience of BHP’s shareholders. As at the date of this Report, the CEO’s
           BHP shareholding is in excess of his minimum shareholding requirement.

           The Committee has also reviewed the base salaries and total target remuneration packages for other executive key management personnel. The
           Committee determined an increase of 8 per cent for the President Australia, reflecting performance and development in role. Given recent appointments,
           no other changes are being made for other executive key management personnel at this time, and this will be the subject of future reviews. It is vital that
           we provide competitive remuneration to attract and retain highly skilled global executive talent and our reviews are based on updated global
           benchmarking data. Other aspects of other executive key management personnel remuneration arrangements remain unchanged.


           Remuneration outcomes for the Group Chair and Non-executive Directors
           Fees for the Group Chair and Non-executive Directors are reviewed annually and are benchmarked against global companies of similar complexity,
           reach and scale. Following an assessment of the updated benchmarking, global market positioning and peer company relativities, a decision has been
           made that the Group Chair’s fee and the Non-executive Directors’ base fee will increase by 4 per cent with effect from 1 July 2024. The increases are
           considered appropriate given current benchmarking and the expectations, accountabilities and workloads of each of the Group Chair and Non-executive
           Directors. Having conducted this review, it was determined that there would be no change to the fees for other Committee roles or other allowances.


           People
           From 1 July 2023, the remit of the Committee expanded to include oversight of BHP’s people and culture strategy, the organisation’s alignment with the
           Group’s purpose and values, employee engagement, leadership and talent development.

           During the year, we engaged with management on our people policies and governance, performance management system and the launch and embedment
           of Our refreshed Values. Committee members also monitored culture through Board visits to our sites and offices, management presentations and by
           considering trends and results from our Engagement and Perception Surveys. Our aspiration to achieve gender balance within our employee workforce
           globally by the end of CY2025 remains a key aspect of our broader focus on diversity and inclusion.




For personal use only
           Summary
           We continue to provide a significant component of executive remuneration as at-risk variable remuneration to align remuneration with performance.
           This year, we are confident the outcomes are consistent with the performance of BHP and the experience of our shareholders, while also recognising our
           critical need to attract, motivate and retain our executives in order to progress our strategic objectives and deliver the best outcomes for all of our
           shareholders.

           We look forward to ongoing dialogue with and the support of BHP’s shareholders. As always, we welcome your feedback and comments on any aspect
           of this Report.


           Christine O’Reilly
           Chair, People and Remuneration Committee

           27 August 2024
           
                                                                                      150
           Remuneration governance
           1.1          Board oversight
           The Board oversees the structure of remuneration for the Group (including the CEO) and ensures it is aligned with BHP’s values, purpose, strategy and
           risk appetite including in relation to non-financial risk and with the long-term interests of BHP and its shareholders.

           The Board approves the remuneration framework for the Group Chair, CEO and other members of the ELT on recommendation from the Committee.
           The remuneration of Non-executive Directors (excluding the Group Chair) is a matter for the Group Chair and the Executive Director, and is reviewed
           by them each year having regard to the remuneration framework. No Director or executive is involved in deciding their own remuneration.

           The objective of the remuneration framework is to:
           
           •            support the execution of the Group’s business strategy
           
           •            encourage and sustain a culture aligned to BHP’s values, purpose and risk appetite, including in relation to non-financial risk
           
           •            provide competitive remuneration, which is linked to performance, to attract, motivate and retain highly skilled executives on a global basis

           The Board approves the remuneration arrangements and outcomes for the Group Chair and CEO on recommendation from the Committee.


           1.2          People and Remuneration Committee
           The Board has established the Committee to support and advise the Board on people and remuneration matters, as set out in the Committee Charter
           available at bhp.com. Each of the Committee members are independent Non-executive Directors. The current members of the Committee are Christine
           O’Reilly (Chair), Ross McEwan, Catherine Tanna and Dion Weisler.

           The Committee has unrestricted access to members of senior management as appropriate and invites them to attend meetings to provide reports and
           updates. However, members of management are not present when decisions are considered or taken concerning their own remuneration. The Committee
           can also draw on services from a range of external sources, including independent remuneration advisers. The Committee also receives input from other




For personal use only
           Board committees as required, in relation to financial performance and safety and sustainability matters.

           The Committee makes recommendations to the Board on the remuneration framework for the Group Chair, the CEO and other members of the ELT,
           including Executive KMP. The Committee is briefed on and considers prevailing market and economic conditions where our Executive KMP are based,
           the competitive environment and the positioning and relativities of pay and employment conditions across the wider BHP workforce.

           From 1 July 2023, the remit of the Committee expanded to include oversight of BHP’s people and culture strategy, the organisation’s alignment with the
           Group’s purpose and values, employee engagement, leadership and talent development. More information on the role and focus of the Committee can be
           found in Corporate Governance Statement 5.4, and details of meeting attendances can be found in Directors’ Report 2.

           The Committee’s approach is that remuneration outcomes, which are linked to performance, attract, motivate and retain highly skilled executives on a
           global basis. Remuneration should be fair to the individual and remuneration levels should accurately reflect the CEO’s and other Executive KMP’s
           responsibilities and contributions, while considering the positioning and relativities of pay and employment conditions across the wider BHP workforce.

           The Committee also considers shareholder views and those of the wider community when setting this remuneration framework. We proactively engage
           with our global institutional and investor representative shareholders regularly to discuss remuneration and governance matters. This feedback assists
           Directors to have a deep understanding of current shareholder and other stakeholder views when making remuneration decisions.


           1.3          Engagement of independent remuneration advisers
           The Committee may appoint and instruct expert advisers who are advisers solely to the Committee, including remuneration consultants, to assist the
           Committee with advice in relation to the Group’s remuneration strategy, framework and policies. The Committee may meet with external advisers
           without management being present. Potential conflicts of interest are taken into account when remuneration consultants are selected and their terms of
           engagement regulate their level of access to, and require their independence from, BHP’s management.

           PwC was appointed to act as an independent remuneration adviser in FY2016 and is currently the only remuneration adviser appointed by the
           Committee. In that capacity, PwC may provide remuneration recommendations in relation to KMP, however, it did not provide any remuneration
           recommendations in FY2024.
           
                                                                                             151
           1.4 Service contracts
           The terms of employment for the CEO and Executive KMP are formalised in their employment contracts. The current contracts of the CEO and
           Executive KMP are not fixed term. BHP may choose to terminate a contract on up to 12 months’ notice. BHP can require an executive to work through
           the notice period or may terminate the individual’s contract immediately by paying base salary plus pension contributions in lieu of the notice period.
           The CEO and Executive KMP must provide up to 12 months’ notice for voluntary resignation.


           1.5           KMP for FY2024
           This Remuneration Report describes the remuneration policies, practices, outcomes and governance for the KMP of BHP during FY2024. At BHP, KMP
           consists of the Directors (including the CEO), as well as certain members of our ELT who have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
           controlling the activities of the Group directly or indirectly. In FY2024, Brandon Craig and Vandita Pant moved into new KMP roles within the BHP
           Group, and David Lamont and Ragnar Udd moved into new non-KMP roles within the BHP Group, all effective 1 March 2024. After due consideration,
           the Committee determined the Chief Operating Officer was no longer a KMP role effective 1 March 2024 as, since the successful integration of OZ
           Minerals into the BHP Group, the role no longer meets the threshold necessary for classification as KMP. Accordingly, for FY2024, the KMP comprised
           the following individuals:
           
           •             Mike Henry, CEO and Executive Director
           
           •             Edgar Basto, Chief Operating Officer (from 1 July 2023 to 29 February 2024)
           
           •             Brandon Craig, President Americas (from 1 March 2024 to 30 June 2024)
           
           •             David Lamont, Chief Financial Officer (from 1 July 2023 to 29 February 2024)
           
           •             Vandita Pant, Chief Financial Officer (from 1 March 2024 to 30 June 2024)
           
           •             Geraldine Slattery, President Australia
           
           •             Ragnar Udd, President Americas (from 1 July 2023 to 29 February 2024)
           




For personal use only
           •             All Non-executive Directors – for details of Non-executive Directors, including dates of appointment or cessation (where relevant), refer to
                         Directors’ Report 2

           These individuals have held their positions and were KMP for the whole of FY2024, unless stated otherwise.


           2            Executive KMP remuneration framework
           BHP has an overarching remuneration framework for Executive KMP that guides the Committee’s decisions and is designed to support our strategy and
           reinforce our culture and values.


           2.1           How the remuneration framework is set
           The four principles that underpin the remuneration framework for Executive KMP are:
           




           2.2           Remuneration framework operation
           These principles are the same as those that apply to other employees, however, Executive KMP arrangements have a greater emphasis on and a higher
           proportion of remuneration that is at-risk as performance-related variable pay.
           
                                                                                             152
           The table below shows the key components of our remuneration framework:
           
                                                     Fixed remuneration                             CDP                                   LTIP
           Purpose and link to strategy Market competitive fixed remuneration        The CDP is an annual cash and         The LTIP is a long-term equity
                                        is paid to attract, motivate and retain      equity award that encourages and      award that focuses executives’
                                        high-quality and experienced executives,     focuses executives’ efforts for the   efforts on the achievement of
                                        and provide appropriate remuneration         relevant financial year on the        sustainable long-term value creation
                                        for these important roles in the Group.      delivery of the Group’s strategic     and success of the Group (including
                                                                                     priorities, balancing financial and   appropriate management of business
                                                                                     non-financial performance, to         risks).
                                                                                     deliver short-, medium- and long-
                                                                                     term success aligned to our purpose
                                                                                     and Our Values, and to motivate
                                                                                     executives to strive to achieve
                                                                                     stretch performance objectives.
           Components                    Base salary, pension contributions and      Cash and deferred shares.             Performance rights.
                                         benefits.
           Approach and link to          Competitive fixed remuneration is           Annual variable pay opportunity     Annual long-term variable pay
           performance                   aligned to global complexity, reach and     provided in cash and two- and five- opportunity allocated as awards of
                                         scale, and reflects executives’             year deferred shares with the       performance rights, which are
                                         responsibilities, location, skills,         outcome determined by the           subject to a five-year relative TSR
                                         performance, qualifications and             assessment of performance against a performance condition. The
                                         experience.                                 balanced scorecard linked to        performance rights are designed to
                                                                                     execution of business strategy. A   align executives’ reward with
                                                                                     balanced scorecard of short-,       sustained shareholder wealth
                                                                                     medium- and long-term elements      creation in excess of relevant
                                                                                     including S&S (25% weighting),      comparator group(s), through the




For personal use only
                                                                                     financial (50% weighting) and       relative TSR performance condition.
                                                                                     Group and individual performance Relative TSR has been chosen as an
                                                                                     measures (25% weighting) are        appropriate measure as it enables an
                                                                                     chosen on the basis that they are   objective external assessment over a
                                                                                     expected to have a significant      sustained period on a basis that is
                                                                                     short-, medium- and long-term       familiar to shareholders.
                                                                                     impact on the success of the Group,
                                                                                     with appropriate targets for each
                                                                                     measure that will appropriately
                                                                                     motivate executives to achieve
                                                                                     outperformance that contributes to
                                                                                     the long-term sustainability of the
                                                                                     Group and shareholder wealth
                                                                                     creation.
           
                                                                                   153
                                                            CDP                                                          LTIP
           Assessment of performance   A CDP award is determined based on the             Vesting of the LTIP award is dependent on BHP’s TSR relative to
                                       assessment of each scorecard measure by the        the TSR of relevant comparator group(s) over a five-year
                                       Committee and the Board, with guidance             performance period.
                                       provided by other relevant Board Committees
                                                                                          Achievement against each TSR hurdle is assessed by the Committee
                                       (including the Sustainability Committee and
                                                                                          and the Board, based on external data reviewed and confirmed by
                                       Risk and Audit Committee) in respect of S&S,
                                                                                          independent remuneration consultants.
                                       financial and other measures.
                                       If performance is below the threshold level for    BHP’s TSR performance               % of the LTIP award that will
                                       any measure, no CDP award will be provided                                             vest
                                       in respect of that portion of the CDP award        •    Below the 50th percentile      0%
                                       opportunity.
                                                                                          •    Equal to the 50th percentile   25%
                                       The Committee retains discretion to adjust all
                                       or part of any CDP award in the event the          •    Between the 50th percentile    Sliding scale between 25% and
                                       Committee does not consider the outcomes to             and the weighted 80th          100%
                                       be a true reflection of the performance of the          percentile
                                       Group or considers that individual                 •    Equal to, or exceeds, the      100%
                                       performance or other circumstances makes this           80th percentile
                                       an inappropriate outcome. This mitigates the            (outperformance)
                                       risk of unintended award outcomes.
                                                                                          Where the TSR performance condition is not met, there is no
                                                                                          retesting and awards will lapse.
                                                                                          The Committee retains discretion to lapse any portion or all of the
                                                                                          award where it considers the vesting outcome is not appropriate
                                                                                          given Group or individual performance, or other circumstances
                                                                                          apply that makes the vesting outcome an inappropriate outcome.
                                                                                          This mitigates the risk of unintended outcomes.




For personal use only
           Delivery and vesting        CDP awards are provided as cash and two            LTIP awards consist of rights to receive ordinary BHP shares in the
                                       awards of deferred shares, each of equivalent      future if the performance and service conditions are met.
                                       value to the cash award, vesting in two and
                                                                                          Before vesting, these rights are not ordinary shares and do not carry
                                       five years, respectively.
                                                                                          entitlements to ordinary dividends or other shareholder rights,
                                       Awards of deferred shares comprise rights to       however, a DEP is provided on vested awards. The Committee has a
                                       receive ordinary BHP shares at the end of the      discretion to settle LTIP awards in cash.
                                       deferral periods subject to continued
                                                                                          Vesting of five-year performance rights under the LTIP is
                                       employment with BHP until the vesting date.
                                                                                          underpinned by a holistic review of performance at the end of the
                                       Before the awards vest, these rights are not
                                                                                          five-year performance period, including a review of S&S
                                       ordinary shares and do not carry entitlements
                                                                                          performance, profitability, cash flow, balance sheet health, returns to
                                       to ordinary dividends or other shareholder
                                                                                          shareholders, corporate governance and conduct over the five-year
                                       rights, however, a DEP is provided on vested
                                                                                          period.
                                       awards. The Committee also has a discretion to
                                       settle CDP deferred shares in cash.
                                       Vesting of five-year deferred shares under the
                                       CDP is underpinned by a holistic review of
                                       performance at the end of the five-year vesting
                                       period, including a review of S&S
                                       performance, profitability, cash flow, balance
                                       sheet health, returns to shareholders, corporate
                                       governance and conduct over the five-year
                                       period.
           
                                                                                  154
                                                                        CDP                                                          LTIP
           Cessation of employment                On cessation of employment, a ‘good leaver’1      On cessation of employment, for a ‘good leaver’1 their unvested
                                                  may receive a pro-rated cash award based on       LTIP awards generally remain on foot and are pro-rated for the
                                                  performance for that year. For a ‘good leaver’,   portion of the vesting period served, unless the Committee
                                                  their unvested CDP deferred awards generally      determines otherwise. These awards are eligible for vesting in the
                                                  remain on foot (wholly or in part) unless the     ordinary course, subject to any applicable performance conditions. If
                                                  Committee determines otherwise. If the            the executive is not a ‘good leaver’, all unvested LTIP awards will
                                                  executive is not a ‘good leaver’, all unvested    lapse.
                                                  CDP deferred awards will lapse.
           Malus and clawback                     In certain circumstances, including to prevent an executive obtaining an inappropriate benefit, the Committee may
                                                  determine that some or all awards (including equity, cash and deferred share awards) are lapsed, forfeited or clawed
                                                  back. The Committee may also suspend or delay vesting of awards if an investigation is underway, until the outcome of
                                                  any investigation is known. BHP also has a Malus and Clawback Policy that applies to all equity awards.
           
           1             ‘Good leaver’ treatment may apply where the reason for the cessation of employment with BHP is due to retirement, retrenchment or redundancy,
                         termination by mutual agreement or such other circumstances that do not constitute resignation or termination for cause.


           2.3           Remuneration mix
           The diagram below provides the scenarios for the potential total remuneration of the CEO and other Executive KMP at different levels of performance.
           




For personal use only
           The maximum opportunity represented above is the most that could potentially be paid for each remuneration component. It does not reflect any
           intention by the Group to award that amount.


           3            Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP
           The amount of remuneration actually received by the CEO and other Executive KMP each year under the CDP and LTIP depends on the achievement of
           business and individual performance measures. The Board and Committee applies its overarching discretion to determine fair and commensurate
           remuneration that reflects the objectives of the remuneration framework and takes into account shareholder expectations and market conditions.


           3.1           FY2024 remuneration received by the CEO
           The table below is a voluntary non-statutory disclosure of the remuneration received by the CEO during FY2024 and FY2023. This table is unaudited
           and differs from the audited remuneration calculated in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards (refer to 5.1 KMP remuneration table and
           Financial Statements note 26 ‘Employee share ownership plans’). This table is designed to provide greater transparency for shareholders and reflects
           actual remuneration received, with the CDP and LTIP included below representing those amounts that have been received as a consequence of satisfying
           performance conditions in the relevant financial year.
           
                                                                                            155
           The difference between the disclosure in the table below and the remuneration disclosed in 5.1 KMP remuneration table relates to the CDP and LTIP.
           The remuneration calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards requires the fair value of the CDP and LTIP to be calculated at the
           time of grant and to be amortised over the relevant vesting periods regardless of the performance outcome. This may not reflect what the executive
           receives. In the table below, the CDP and LTIP values relate to the performance outcomes and actual amount received each year under the CDP (i.e.
           against the CDP scorecard) and the LTIP (i.e. based on the LTIP vesting outcome).

           Details of the components of remuneration are contained in 2 Executive KMP remuneration framework and the values in the table are explained further
           in the notes below.
           
           US$(’000)                                                                                 Base salary     Benefits1    Pension2    CDP3      LTIP4      Total
           Mike Henry                                                                    FY2024            1,808           35          181    3,113      3,376      8,513
                                                                                         FY2023            1,742             7         174    3,762      7,645     13,330
           
           1.           Benefits are non-pensionable and include net movements in leave balances, private health insurance, car parking, fringe benefits tax and personal
                        tax return preparation in required countries.
           
           2.           FY2024 and FY2023 pension contributions were provided based on 10 per cent of base salary.
           
           3.           The values shown are the full CDP value (cash and deferred shares) earned based on performance during FY2024 and FY2023. The FY2024 CDP
                        award will be provided one-third in cash in September 2024 and two-thirds in deferred shares, with one-third due to vest at the end of FY2026 and
                        one-third due to vest at the end of FY2029 (on the terms of the FY2024 CDP award). The FY2023 CDP award was provided one-third in cash in
                        September 2023 and two-thirds in deferred shares, with one-third due to vest at the end of FY2025 and one-third due to vest at the end of FY2028
                        (on the terms of the FY2023 CDP award).
           
           4.           The LTIP award values for FY2024 and FY2023 are based on the full awards Mike Henry received in 2019 and 2018, respectively, when he was
                        President Operations Minerals Australia (prior to becoming and with no proration applied for time as CEO), and 50 per cent of the 2019 awards
                        vesting and 100 per cent of the 2018 awards vesting. The 2019 LTIP award value in FY2024 is an estimate calculated on the average share price
                        for the month of July 2024 (which will be updated for the actual share price on the vesting date in the 2025 Remuneration Report); whereas the
                        2018 LTIP award value in FY2023 was calculated on the actual share price on the vesting date (and updated from the 2023 Remuneration Report




For personal use only
                        in which the value was an estimate calculated on the average share price for the month of July 2023).

           A revised remuneration framework took effect from 1 July 2019 and significantly reduced the LTIP grant size for the CEO from 400 per cent of base
           salary (on a face value basis) to 200 per cent and a rebalancing to a CDP award with a long-term focus. As a result, the remuneration for Mike Henry
           reported above reflects the transition to this structure and includes the full amounts of the CDP award earned during FY2024 and FY2023 (i.e.
           irrespective that some elements of the CDP award are deferred) together with the full amounts of pre-existing LTIP awards vesting at the end of FY2024
           and the pre-existing LTIP awards vesting at the end of FY2023 that were granted in 2019 and 2018, respectively. The LTIP award sizes granted in 2019
           and 2018 were double the current grant size.

           Had the current remuneration framework been in place when Mike’s 2019 and 2018 LTIP awards were granted and a reduced size awarded, the reported
           LTIP values would have been US$1.688 million for FY2024 and US$3.827 million for FY2023 (instead of US$3.376 million and US$7.645 million in
           the table above). The reported total remuneration would have therefore been US$6.825 million for FY2024 and US$9.512 million for FY2023 (instead
           of US$8.513 million and US$13.330 million in the table above).


           3.2          FY2024 CDP performance outcomes
           The Board and the Committee assessed the Executive KMP’s CDP outcomes in light of the Group’s performance in FY2024 and took into account
           performance against the measures in each Executive KMP’s CDP scorecard.

           For the CEO, the Board’s and the Committee’s assessment against the CDP scorecard measures resulted in a CDP outcome for FY2024 at 76 per cent
           against the target of 100 per cent (or 51 per cent against maximum). As noted in the Chair letter, BHP has self-reported certain payroll issues to the FWO
           and is reviewing its payroll systems. The Board has determined that the CEO’s FY2024 CDP outcome will include a 4.3 percentage point reduction from
           76 per cent to 71.7 per cent to reflect his ultimate accountability for BHP’s payroll systems.

           The CEO’s final CDP scorecard outcome for FY2024 is summarised in the following tables, including a narrative description of each performance
           measure and the CEO’s level of achievement, as determined by the Committee and approved by the Board. The level of performance for each measure is
           determined based on a range of threshold (the minimum necessary to qualify for any reward outcome), target (where the performance requirements are
           met) and maximum (where the performance requirements are significantly exceeded).
           
                                                                                            156
            Safety and sustainability
            The safety and sustainability (S&S) targets for the CEO are aligned to the Group’s 2030 goals. As it has done for several years, when assessing S&S
            performance against the scorecard targets, the Committee seeks guidance from the Sustainability Committee. The Committee has taken a holistic view
            of Group performance in critical areas, including considering any additional matters outside the scorecard targets that the Sustainability Committee has
            provided and considers relevant.

            The performance commentary below is provided against the significant HSEC events (including fatalities) scorecard targets, which were set on the basis
            of operated assets only.
            




For personal use only



            
                                                                                       157
            The overall outcome against the total S&S measures for FY2024 was 15 per cent out of the target of 25 per cent, with a zero outcome against a target of
            10 per cent for the significant HSEC events measure and an outcome of 15 per cent against a target of 15 per cent for sustainability measures.


            Financial
            ROCE is underlying profit after taxation (excluding after-taxation finance costs and exceptional items) divided by average capital employed. ROCE is
            the key financial measure against which CDP outcomes for our senior executives are measured and is, in our view, a relevant measure to assess the
            financial performance of the Group for this purpose. While ROCE excludes exceptional items, the Committee reviews each exceptional item to assess if
            it should be included in the result when determining the ROCE CDP outcome.

            When assessing management’s performance, we make adjustments to the ROCE result to allow for changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange
            movements and other material items (from the levels assumed in setting the targets). This ensures the assessment appropriately measures outcomes that
            are within the control and influence of the Group and its executives. Of these adjustments, changes in commodity prices have historically been the most
            material due to volatility in prices and the impact on Group revenue and ROCE. As it has done for several years, the Committee seeks guidance each
            year from the Risk and Audit Committee when assessing financial performance against scorecard targets.
            




For personal use only
            The outcome against the ROCE measure for FY2024 was 37 per cent out of the target of 50 per cent.


            Group measures for the CEO
            Group measures for the CEO are determined at the start of the financial year and are an important element of effective performance management. These
            measures seek to balance financial and non-financial performance requirements and incentivise a high-performance culture. The CEO’s group measures
            for FY2024 included contribution to BHP’s overall performance and the management team, and the delivery of key projects and initiatives, as set out in
            the table below.
            
                                                                                      158
For personal use only
            Overall, the performance of the CEO against the group measures for FY2024 was assessed as slightly below expectations and warranted an outcome of
            24 per cent against the target of 25 per cent.

            The CDP performance measures for other Executive KMP for FY2024 are similar to those of the CEO outlined above. However, for the other Executive
            KMP, the weighting of each performance measure will vary to reflect the focus required from each Executive KMP role. As with the CEO, individual
            performance measures are determined at the start of the financial year. These include the other Executive KMP’s contribution to the delivery of projects
            and initiatives within the scope of their role and the overall performance of the Group. Individual performance of other Executive KMP was reviewed
            against these measures by the Committee and, on average, were considered to have marginally exceeded expectations and warranted an outcome slightly
            above target.

            The diagram below represents the FY2024 CDP weightings and outcomes against the original scorecard for other Executive KMP.
            




            
                                                                                      159
            3.3         FY2024 LTIP performance outcomes
            The five-year performance period for the 2019 LTIP award for relevant Executive KMP ended on 30 June 2024. Vesting is subject to the achievement of
            the relative TSR performance conditions and any discretion applied by the Committee (refer to 3.4 Overarching discretion and vesting underpin).

            For the 2019 LTIP award to vest in full, BHP’s TSR over the performance period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2024 must have been at or exceeded the
            80th percentile of the Sector Group TSR and the MSCI World Index TSR (World TSR). TSR includes returns to BHP shareholders in the form of share
            price movements along with dividends paid and reinvested in BHP (including cash and in-specie dividends).

            BHP’s TSR performance was positive 92 per cent over the five-year period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2024. This is above the 50th percentile of the
            Sector Group TSR of positive 86 per cent but below the 80th percentile of the Sector Group TSR of positive 113 per cent, and above the 50th percentile
            of the World TSR of positive 58 per cent but below the 80th percentile of the World TSR of positive 117 per cent over the same period. This level of
            performance results in 50 per cent vesting for the 2019 LTIP award. The value of the CEO’s vested 2019 LTIP award has been reported in 3.1 FY2024
            remuneration received by the CEO.

            The graph below shows BHP’s performance relative to comparator groups.
            




For personal use only
            The value of the vested 2019 LTIP award is higher than the value of the vested award at the time it was granted in 2019. The share price has risen
            appreciably during the five-year period and there have been strong dividends. Of the value realised, 57 per cent is due to the value at the time the awards
            were granted and 43 per cent is due to share price appreciation and dividends. This value increment due to share price appreciation and dividends is
            consistent with the experience of shareholders over the period.


            3.4         Overarching discretion and vesting underpin
            The rules of the CDP and LTIP and the terms and conditions of the awards provide the Committee with an overarching discretion to reduce the number
            of awards that will vest, notwithstanding that the performance conditions or the relevant service conditions have been met.

            This overarching discretion is a holistic, qualitative judgement (‘look back’) and is applied as an underpin test before final vesting is confirmed. It is an
            important risk management tool to ensure vesting is not simply driven by a formula or the passage of time that may give unexpected or unintended
            remuneration outcomes.

            The Committee considers its discretion carefully each year ahead of the scheduled vesting of CDP and LTIP equity awards in August. For the five-year
            CDP deferred awards, it considers performance holistically over the five-year period, including a five-year ‘look back’ on S&S performance,
            profitability, cash flow, balance sheet health, returns to shareholders, corporate governance and conduct. For the five years from FY2020 to FY2024, the
            Committee noted BHP’s continued progress in S&S outcomes (noting, however, the two fatalities in FY2023 and one in FY2024 have been taken into
            account in determining CDP outcomes for those years), strong operational performance with improving production and cost performance, and
            significant returns to shareholders.

            In respect of the vesting of CDP two-year deferred shares (granted in November 2022 in respect of performance in FY2022), the Committee did not
            identify any reason to exercise its downwards discretion.
            
                                                                                         160
           In respect of the vesting of the 2019 LTIP five-year performance rights, the formulaic outcome of the 2019 LTIP was 50 per cent vesting. Having
           undertaken the ‘look back’ review described above, the Committee concluded the vesting outcome was appropriate given Group and individual
           performance, and that no reasons were identified to warrant the exercise of its downwards discretion. There is no upwards discretion available to the
           Committee in respect of the 2019 LTIP and the overarching discretion may only reduce the number of awards that may vest.

           In FY2023 BHP identified and disclosed two issues with certain allowances and entitlements affecting some current and former employees in Australia.
           We self-reported these issues to the FWO and engaged Protiviti, a global assurance firm, to undertake a review of our payroll systems. In August 2023,
           ELT members had a negative 3 percentage point impact on the FY2023 CDP outcomes due to the costs of remediating the two employee entitlements
           and allowances issues. We also confirmed that we would monitor the outcome of the review and engagement with the regulatory authorities and that this
           may impact remuneration outcomes in the future.

           The Board and CEO have taken these issues seriously. A range of consequences have been implemented for employees in relation to these matters. In
           relation to remuneration outcomes, this year the Board has determined that the CEO’s FY2024 CDP outcome will include a 4.3 percentage point
           reduction to reflect his ultimate accountability for BHP’s payroll systems. This CDP reduction for the CEO in FY2024 is US$185,000 and is equivalent
           to 25 per cent of the CEO’s target annual short term incentive pro-rated for the portion of the relevant period that he was CEO. For others with
           accountability for BHP’s payroll issues (including current and prior ELT members) there have been reductions determined in variable remuneration
           outcomes ranging between 25 per cent to 100 per cent of relevant annual target variable pay. Accountability has been determined based on a number of
           factors, including tenure in relevant roles.

           3.5          LTIP allocated during FY2024
           Following shareholder approval at the 2023 AGM, 125,124 LTIP awards (in the form of performance rights) were granted to the CEO on 8 November
           2023. The face value of the CEO’s award was 200 per cent of his base salary of US$1.820 million at the time of grant. The fair value of the awards were
           calculated by multiplying the face value of the award by the fair value factor of 41 per cent at the time (as determined by the independent adviser to the
           Committee). The 125,124 LTIP awards for the CEO was determined based on the US$ face value of the LTIP awards of US$3.640 million and
           calculated using the average share price and US$/A$ exchange rate over the 12 months up to and including 30 June 2023. LTIP awards granted to other
           Executive KMP during FY2024 were determined on the same basis as described above for the CEO, except that awards for other Executive KMP had a
           face value of 175 per cent of base salary.




For personal use only
           In addition to the LTIP terms set out in 2 Executive KMP remuneration framework, the Committee determined the following terms for the 2023 LTIP:
           
           Performance period                •   1 July 2023 to 30 June 2028
           Performance conditions            •   Vesting is conditional on two relative TSR performance measures.
                                             •   An averaging period of six months will be used in the TSR calculations.
                                             •   BHP’s TSR relative to the median TSR of the MSCI World Metals and Mining Index (Sector Group TSR) and the
                                                 MSCI World Index (World TSR) will determine the vesting of 67% and 33% of the award, respectively.
                                             •   For each portion of the award to vest in full, BHP’s TSR must be at or exceed the 80th percentile of the Sector
                                                 Group TSR or the World TSR (as applicable). Threshold vesting (25% of each portion of the award) occurs where
                                                 BHP’s TSR equals the 50th percentile (i.e. the median) of the Sector Group TSR or the World TSR (as
                                                 applicable). Vesting occurs on a sliding scale between the 50th and 80th percentiles.
           
                                                                                      161
           3.6           FY2025 remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP
           The remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP in FY2025 will be in accordance with the remuneration framework operation and the main
           elements are set out in the table below.
           
                                    Base salary                                           CDP                                              LTIP
           Base salaries are reviewed and benchmarked               The Board and the Committee set the CDP           The LTIP award to be granted to the CEO in
           annually against external market demand for senior       scorecard performance categories and measures     FY2025 has a maximum face value of
           executive talent to ensure they remain competitive.      each year.                                        US$3.786 million, being 200% of the CEO’s
           Following the review, if the Board and Committee                                                           base salary at the time of grant. The number of
                                                                    For FY2025, the balanced scorecard includes
           assess and determine a base salary increase should                                                         LTIP awards expected to be granted to the
                                                                    S&S measures (25% weighting) such as
           apply to the CEO and/or other Executive KMP, the                                                           CEO in FY2025 is 127,848 and has been
                                                                    elimination of significant harm (including
           increase will be applicable from 1 September.                                                              determined using the share price and US$/A$
                                                                    safety), climate change and Indigenous
                                                                                                                      exchange rate over the 12 months up to and
           For FY2025, the Committee determined that the            partnerships, a ROCE financial measure (50%
                                                                                                                      including 30 June 2024. The granting of this
           CEO’s base salary would increase by 4%, effective        weighting), and Group and individual measures
                                                                                                                      LTIP award is subject to the approval of
           1 September 2024, to US$1.893 million. The               (25% weighting) relating to projects and
                                                                                                                      shareholders at the 2024 AGM. If approved,
           Committee has also reviewed the base salaries and        initiatives in respect of people, performance and
                                                                                                                      the award will be granted following the AGM
           total target remuneration packages for other             portfolio. The specific Group and individual
                                                                                                                      (i.e. in or around November 2024, subject to
           Executive KMP. The Committee determined an               performance measures vary for Executive KMP
                                                                                                                      securities dealing considerations). The LTIP
           increase of 8% for the President Australia, reflecting   to reflect the focus required from each of them
                                                                                                                      award granted in FY2025 will use the same
           performance and development in role. Given recent        in their role.
                                                                                                                      performance and service conditions as the
           appointments, no other changes are being made for
                                                                    Notably, certain S&S, Group and individual        LTIP award granted in FY2024.
           other Executive KMP at this time, and this will be
                                                                    measures have a long-term focus where they are
           the subject of future reviews.                                                                             LTIP awards granted to other Executive KMP
                                                                    set with a view to achieving longer-term
                                                                                                                      during FY2025 will be calculated on the same
                                                                    ambitions. For example, annual GHG emission
                                                                                                                      basis as described above for the CEO, except
                                                                    reduction targets reflect the ultimate
                                                                                                                      that awards for other Executive KMP will have
                                                                    achievement of BHP’s medium-term target of at
                                                                                                                      a maximum face value of 175% of salary.
                                                                    least a 30% reduction in operational GHG




For personal use only
                                                                    emissions from FY2020 levels by FY2030,
                                                                    however, progress towards this is not expected
                                                                    to be linear. As a consequence, vesting of five-
                                                                    year deferred shares under the CDP is
                                                                    underpinned by a holistic review of performance
                                                                    at the end of the five-year vesting period,
                                                                    allowing for performance against the longer-
                                                                    term ambitions to be considered.


           4            Remuneration for Non-executive Directors
           Our remuneration framework for Non-executive Directors aligns with the Australian Securities Exchange Corporate Governance Council’s Principles
           and Recommendations (4th Edition). Non-executive Directors do not have any performance-based at-risk remuneration or receive any equity awards as
           part of their remuneration, therefore the totals shown below are total remuneration and total fixed fees. The maximum aggregate fees payable to Non-
           executive Directors (including the Group Chair) were approved by shareholders at the 2008 AGMs at US$3.800 million per annum. This sum includes
           base fees, Committee fees and pension contributions. Travel allowances and non-monetary benefits are not included in this limit.
           
                                                                                       162
           4.1          Remuneration framework of Non-executive Directors
           The following table shows the components for Non-executive Directors’ remuneration. Non-executive Directors are not eligible to participate in any
           CDP or LTIP awards.
           
                                                                                                      Descriptions
           Purpose and link to strategy         Competitive fees and benefits are paid to Non-executive Directors in order to attract and retain high-quality
                                                individuals, and to provide appropriate remuneration for the role undertaken.
           Fees                                 The Group Chair is paid a single fee for all responsibilities. All other Non-executive Directors are paid a base fee
                                                and relevant Committee membership fees. Committee Chairs and the Senior Independent Director are paid an
                                                additional fee to reflect their extra responsibilities.
                                                All fee levels are reviewed annually and any changes are ordinarily effective from 1 July. Annual reviews take into
                                                account global benchmarking and advice provided by external advisers, as required.
                                                Fee levels reflect the size and complexity of the Group and the geographies where the Group operates. The
                                                economic environment and the financial performance of the Group are taken into account. Consideration is also
                                                given to salary reviews across the rest of the Group.
                                                Where the payment of pension contributions is required by law, these contributions are deducted from the
                                                Director’s overall fee entitlements.

           Benefits                             BHP is a global organisation and there is a considerable travel burden required of Non-executive Directors to travel
                                                to Board meetings and site visits. Travel allowances are paid on a per trip basis.
                                                As a consequence of our prior dual listed company structure, Non-executive Directors are required to prepare
                                                personal tax returns in Australia and the UK, regardless of whether they reside in one or neither of those countries.
                                                They are accordingly reimbursed for the costs of personal tax return preparation in whichever of the UK and/or
                                                Australia is not their place of residence (including payment of the tax cost associated with the provision of the
                                                benefit).




For personal use only
           Letters of appointment
           The Board has adopted a letter of appointment that contains the terms on which Non-executive Directors will be appointed, including the basis upon
           which they will be indemnified by the Group. The Board has adopted a policy under which all Non-executive Directors must seek re-election at the
           AGM each year. As a result of requiring re-election each year, Non-executive Directors do not have a fixed term in their letter of appointment.


           Payments on early termination or loss of office
           There are no provisions in any of the Non-executive Directors’ appointment arrangements for compensation payable on early termination of their
           directorship. A Non-executive Director may resign on reasonable notice. No payments are made to Non-executive Directors on loss of office.


           4.2          Non-executive Directors’ remuneration in FY2024 and FY2025
           The remuneration for the Non-executive Directors was paid in FY2024 and will be paid in FY2025 in accordance with the remuneration framework set
           out above. Fee levels for the Group Chair and the Non-executive Directors are reviewed annually and are benchmarked against peer companies of
           similar complexity, reach and scale with the assistance of external advisers (but not by the Committee-appointed independent remuneration adviser).

           Following an assessment of the updated benchmarking, global market positioning and peer company relativities, a decision has been made that the
           Group Chair’s fee and the Non-executive Directors’ base fee will increase by 4 per cent with effect from 1 July 2024. The increases are considered
           appropriate given current benchmarking and the expectations, accountabilities and workloads of each of the Group Chair and Non-executive Directors.
           Having conducted this review, it was determined that there would be no change to the fees for other Committee roles or other allowances.
           
                                                                                      163
           The below table sets out the annualised total remuneration and total fixed fees for FY2024 and FY2025 (including the increases from 1 July 2024).
           
           Levels of fees and travel allowances for Non-executive Directors (in US$)                                                        FY2024                FY2025
           Base annual fee                                                                                                                      168,000               175,000
           Plus additional fees for:
           Senior Independent Director                                                                                                             53,000                 53,000
           Committee Chair:
           Risk and Audit                                                                                                                         66,000                66,000
           People and Remuneration                                                                                                                45,000                45,000
           Sustainability                                                                                                                         45,000                45,000
           Nomination and Governance                                                                                                    No additional fee     No additional fee
           Committee membership:
           Risk and Audit                                                                                                                          32,500                 32,500
           People and Remuneration                                                                                                                 27,500                 27,500
           Sustainability                                                                                                                          27,500                 27,500
           Nomination and Governance                                                                                                               18,000                 18,000
           Travel allowance:1
           In excess of 3 hours and less than 10 hours                                                                                              7,000                  7,000
           10 hours or more                                                                                                                        15,000                 15,000
           Group Chair’s fee2                                                                                                                     925,000                962,000
           
           1.            In relation to travel for Board and shareholder meetings, the time thresholds relate to a flight time in excess of three hours to travel to the meeting
                         location (i.e. one-way flight time). Only one travel allowance is paid per round trip.
           2.            The Group Chair is paid a single fee for all responsibilities (i.e. no base annual fee or Committee fees).

           5            Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures
           5.1           KMP remuneration table




For personal use only
           The table below has been prepared in accordance with relevant accounting standards. Remuneration data for KMP are for the periods of FY2023 and
           FY2024 that they were KMP. More information on the framework and operation of each element of remuneration is provided earlier in this Report.
           
               Share-based payments
               The figures included in the shaded columns of the statutory table below for share-based payments were not actually provided to the Executive KMP,
               including the CEO, during FY2023 or FY2024. These amounts are calculated in accordance with accounting standards and are the amortised IFRS
               fair values at grant date of equity and equity-related instruments that have been granted to the executives. For information on awards that were
               allocated and vested during FY2023 and FY2024, refer to 5.2 Equity awards.
           
                                                                                                                        Post-
                                                                                                                     employment
                                                                                  Short-term benefits                  benefits            Share-based payments
                                                           Base
                                            Financial     salary /    Annual cash     Non-monetary        Other      Retirement       Value of CDP      Value of LTIP
           US$(‘000)                          year         fees1       incentive2       benefits3        benefits4    benefits5        awards2, 6         awards6          Total
           CEO
           Mike Henry                         FY2024        1,808            1,038                 35            –           181               2,177             2,096     7,335
                                              FY2023        1,742            1,254                  7            –           174               2,107             2,206     7,490
           Other Executive KMP
           Edgar Basto7                       FY2024          673              425                 –            –             67                 668               617     2,450
                                              FY2023          975              704                 2            –             98               1,030               820     3,629
           Brandon Craig8                     FY2024          267              173                28          378             27                  33               254     1,160
           David Lamont7                      FY2024          673              425                 1            –             67                 649               641     2,456
                                              FY2023          975              733                15            –             98                 960               608     3,389
           Vandita Pant8                      FY2024          340              223                29            –             34                 329               228     1,183
           Geraldine Slattery                 FY2024        1,013              592                26          297            101               1,182             1,049     4,260
                                              FY2023          950              665               113          400             95               1,117               947     4,287
           Ragnar Udd7                        FY2024          665              431                48            –             67                 644               575     2,430
                                              FY2023          917              711                49            –             92                 911               748     3,428
           
                                                                                                164
                                                                                                                       Post-
                                                                                                                    employment
                                                                                  Short-term benefits                 benefits           Share-based payments
                                                           Base
                                             Financial    salary /    Annual cash     Non-monetary       Other      Retirement       Value of CDP     Value of LTIP
           US$(‘000)                           year        fees1       incentive2       benefits3       benefits4    benefits5        awards2, 6        awards6         Total
           Non-executive Directors
           Terry Bowen9                        FY2024          78                –                 –           –             7                   –                 –      85
                                               FY2023         241                –                 –          40            17                   –                 –     298
           Malcolm Broomhead9                  FY2023          61                –                 –          15             6                   –                 –      82
           Xiaoqun Clever-Steg                 FY2024         188                –                 –          77            13                   –                 –     278
                                               FY2023         181                –                 –          79            12                   –                 –     272
           Ian Cockerill9                      FY2024         162                –                 –          46            12                   –                 –     220
                                               FY2023         208                –                 –         106            12                   –                 –     326
           Gary Goldberg                       FY2024         284                –                 –          99             –                   –                 –     383
                                               FY2023         284                –                 –         101             –                   –                 –     385
           Michelle Hinchliffe                 FY2024         235                –                 –          45             –                   –                 –     280
                                               FY2023         186                –                 –          37             6                   –                 –     229
           Don Lindsay10                       FY2024          38                –                 –           –             –                   –                 –      38
           Ken MacKenzie                       FY2024         907                –                 –          67            18                   –                 –     992
                                               FY2023         863                –                 –          63            17                   –                 –     943
           Ross McEwan10                       FY2024          51                –                 –          45             4                   –                 –     100
           John Mogford9                       FY2023          63                –                 –          33             –                   –                 –      96
           Christine O’Reilly                  FY2024         263                –                 –          37             –                   –                 –     300
                                               FY2023         268                –                 –          55             –                   –                 –     323
           Catherine Tanna                     FY2024         205                –                 –          44            18                   –                 –     267
                                               FY2023         198                –                 –          52            17                   –                 –     267
           Dion Weisler                        FY2024         205                –                 –          22            18                   –                 –     245
                                               FY2023         198                –                 –          55            17                   –                 –     270
           




For personal use only
           1            Base salaries and fees shown in this table reflect the amounts paid over the 12-month period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 for each Executive
                        KMP and Non-executive Director. In FY2024, the Executive KMP base salaries were increased from 1 September 2023 as follows: Mike Henry’s
                        to US$1.820 million, Edgar Basto’s to US$1.020 million, David Lamont’s to US$1.020 million, Geraldine Slattery’s to US$1.020 million and
                        Ragnar Udd’s to US$1.020 million. The other changes to Executive KMP base salaries during the year were as follows: Brandon Craig who was
                        appointed President Americas on 1 March 2024 on an annual salary of US$0.800 million and Vandita Pant who was appointed Chief Financial
                        Officer on 1 March 2024 on an annual salary of US$1.020 million.
           
           2            Annual cash incentive in this table is the cash portion of CDP awards each Executive KMP earned in respect of performance during each financial
                        year. CDP is provided one-third in cash and two-thirds in deferred shares (which are included in the share-based payments columns of the table).
                        The cash portion of CDP awards is paid in September of the year following the relevant financial year. The minimum possible value awarded to
                        each individual is nil, the target is 240 per cent of base salary (80 per cent in cash and 160 per cent in deferred shares) and the maximum is 360 per
                        cent of base salary (120 per cent in cash and 240 per cent in deferred shares). For FY2024, Executive KMP earned the following CDP awards as a
                        percentage of the target and maximum (the remaining portion has been forfeited): Mike Henry 71.7 per cent of target and 47.8 per cent of
                        maximum, Edgar Basto 79 per cent of target and 53 per cent of maximum, Brandon Craig 81 per cent of target and 54 per cent of maximum,
                        David Lamont 79 per cent of target and 53 per cent of maximum, Vandita Pant 82 per cent of target and 55 per cent of maximum, Geraldine
                        Slattery 73 per cent of target and 49 per cent of maximum and Ragnar Udd 81 per cent of target and 54 per cent of maximum.
           
           3            Non-monetary benefits are non-pensionable and include items such as net leave accruals, private family health insurance, car parking, fringe
                        benefits tax and personal tax return preparation in required countries.
           
           4            Other benefits are non-pensionable and for FY2024 include a one-off relocation allowance provided to Brandon Craig relating to his international
                        relocation from Australia to Chile and one-off reimbursement to Geraldine Slattery associated with her house sale/purchase for international
                        relocation from the United States to Australia. The majority of the amounts disclosed for benefits for Non-executive Directors are usually travel
                        allowances: amounts of between US$ nil and US$105,000 for FY2024 and FY2023. For FY2024, amounts of between US$ nil and US$1,500
                        (US$ nil and US$3,000 for FY2023) are included in respect of tax return preparation, and amounts of between US$ nil and US$800 for FY2024
                        (US$ nil and US$1,400 for FY2023) are included in respect of the reimbursement of the tax cost associated with the provision of taxable benefits.
           
           5            Retirement benefits for each Executive KMP in FY2023 and FY2024 were 10 per cent of base salary as per the remuneration framework.
                        Non-executive Director fees are inclusive of minimum superannuation contributions of up to 11 per cent of remuneration for FY2024 (10.5 per
                        cent for FY2023) in accordance with Australian superannuation legislation. No other pension contributions were paid.
           
           6            The IFRS fair value of CDP and LTIP awards is estimated at grant date. Refer to Financial Statements note 26 ‘Employee share ownership plans’.
           
                                                                                             165
           7            The FY2024 remuneration reported for Edgar Basto, David Lamont and Ragnar Udd reflects services as Executive KMP up to 29 February 2024.
           
           8            The FY2024 remuneration reported for Brandon Craig and Vandita Pant reflects services as Executive KMP from 1 March 2024.
           
           9            The FY2024 remuneration for Terry Bowen and Ian Cockerill relates to part of the year only, as they retired from the Board on 1 November 2023
                        and 4 April 2024, respectively. The FY2023 remuneration for Malcolm Broomhead and John Mogford relates to part of the year only, as they
                        retired from the Board on 10 November 2022 and 31 October 2022, respectively.
           
           10           The FY2024 remuneration reported for Don Lindsay and Ross McEwan relates to part of the year only, as they joined the Board on 1 May 2024
                        and 3 April 2024, respectively.

           5.2          Equity awards
           The interests held by Executive KMP under the Group’s employee equity plans are set out in the table below. Each equity award is a right to acquire one
           ordinary share in BHP Group Limited upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions. Our mandatory minimum performance requirements for securities
           dealing governs and restricts dealing arrangements and the provision of shares on vesting or exercise of awards. No interests under the Group’s
           employee equity plans are held by related parties of Executive KMP.

           Approval from BHP’s shareholders for the issue of equity awards to the CEO under the CDP and LTIP was obtained under ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at
           the 2023 AGM.

           DEP applies to awards provided to Executive KMP under the CDP and LTIP as detailed in 2 Executive KMP remuneration framework. No DEP is
           generally payable on MAP awards previously provided to Executive KMP.

           Executive KMP received or will receive awards under the CDP and LTIP. The terms and conditions of CDP and LTIP awards, including the performance
           conditions, are described in 2 Executive KMP remuneration framework.

           BHP senior management who are not KMP receive awards under the MAP. While no MAP awards were granted to Executive KMP after becoming
           KMP, as noted in the table below, Edgar Basto, Brandon Craig, Vandita Pant, Geraldine Slattery and Ragnar Udd hold or held MAP awards that were
           allocated to them prior to commencing their Executive KMP service.




For personal use only
           
                                                                                                                                   Market price on date of:   Gain on   DEP on
                                                                   At 1 July                              At 30 June Award vesting                            awards    awards
           Award type                                Date of grant   2023      Granted   Vested    Lapsed    2024       date1      Grant2     Vesting3        (‘000)4    (‘000)
           Mike Henry
           CDP                                       8-Nov-23            –      43,106         –        –     43,106   Aug 28       A$44.70              –          –         –
           CDP                                       8-Nov-23            –      43,106         –        –     43,106   Aug 25       A$44.70              –          –         –
           CDP                                       22-Nov-22      44,335           –         –        –     44,335   Aug 27       A$43.48              –          –         –
           CDP                                       22-Nov-22      44,335           –         –        –     44,335   Aug 24       A$43.48              –          –         –
           CDP                                       23-Nov-21      55,246           –         –        –     55,246   Aug 26       A$38.05              –          –         –
           CDP                                       23-Nov-21      55,246           –    55,246        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$38.05        A$43.02    A$2,377    A$527
           CDP                                       20-Oct-20      49,692           –         –        –     49,692   Aug 25       A$35.90              –          –         –
           LTIP                                      8-Nov-23            –     125,124         –        –    125,124   Aug 28       A$44.70              –          –         –
           LTIP                                      22-Nov-22     118,853           –         –        –    118,853   Aug 27       A$43.48              –          –         –
           LTIP                                      23-Nov-21     120,099           –         –        –    120,099   Aug 26       A$38.05              –          –         –
           LTIP                                      20-Oct-20     157,138           –         –        –    157,138   Aug 25       A$35.90              –          –         –
           LTIP                                      20-Nov-19     172,144           –         –        –    172,144   Aug 24       A$37.24              –          –         –
           LTIP                                      18-Dec-18     193,189           –   193,189        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$33.50        A$43.02    A$8,311   A$3,397
           Edgar Basto5
           CDP                                       8-Nov-23             –     24,201         –        –     24,201   Aug 28       A$44.70              –          –        –
           CDP                                       8-Nov-23             –     24,201         –        –     24,201   Aug 25       A$44.70              –          –        –
           CDP                                       22-Nov-22       21,936          –         –        –     21,936   Aug 27       A$43.48              –          –        –
           CDP                                       22-Nov-22       21,936          –         –        –     21,936   Aug 24       A$43.48              –          –        –
           CDP                                       23-Nov-21       30,604          –         –        –     30,604   Aug 26       A$38.05              –          –        –
           CDP                                       23-Nov-21       30,604          –    30,604        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$38.05        A$43.02    A$1,317    A$292
           LTIP                                      8-Nov-23             –     61,359         –        –     61,359   Aug 28       A$44.70              –          –        –
           LTIP                                      22-Nov-22       58,237          –         –        –     58,237   Aug 27       A$43.48              –          –        –
           LTIP                                      23-Nov-21       58,725          –         –        –     58,725   Aug 26       A$38.05              –          –        –
           LTIP                                      20-Oct-20       76,835          –         –        –     76,835   Aug 25       A$35.90              –          –        –
           MAP                                       19-May-20       31,649          –         –        –     31,649   Aug 24       A$35.05              –          –        –
           MAP                                       19-May-20       31,649          –    31,649        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$35.05        A$43.02    A$1,362        –
           
                                                                                              166
                                                                                                           Market price on date of:   Gain on   DEP on
                                              At 1 July                           At 30 June Award vesting                            awards    awards
           Award type           Date of grant   2023    Granted   Vested   Lapsed    2024       date1      Grant2     Vesting3        (‘000)4    (‘000)
           Brandon Craig6
           MAP                  8-Dec-23      23,600         –         –        –     23,600   Aug 28       A$47.74               –         –        –
           MAP                  8-Dec-23      23,600         –         –        –     23,600   Aug 27       A$47.74               –         –        –
           MAP                  27-Sep-23     23,600         –         –        –     23,600   Aug 26       A$43.49               –         –        –
           MAP                  21-Sep-22     19,938         –         –        –     19,938   Aug 25       A$37.96               –         –        –
           MAP                  29-Sep-21     19,945         –         –        –     19,945   Aug 24       A$36.39               –         –        –
           David Lamont5
           CDP                  8-Nov-23           –    25,203         –        –     25,203   Aug 28       A$44.70              –         –        –
           CDP                  8-Nov-23           –    25,203         –        –     25,203   Aug 25       A$44.70              –         –        –
           CDP                  22-Nov-22     24,775         –         –        –     24,775   Aug 27       A$43.48              –         –        –
           CDP                  22-Nov-22     24,775         –         –        –     24,775   Aug 24       A$43.48              –         –        –
           CDP                  23-Nov-21     18,009         –         –        –     18,009   Aug 26       A$38.05              –         –        –
           CDP                  23-Nov-21     18,009         –    18,009        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$38.05        A$43.02     A$775    A$172
           LTIP                 8-Nov-23           –    61,359         –        –     61,359   Aug 28       A$44.70              –         –        –
           LTIP                 22-Nov-22     58,237         –         –        –     58,237   Aug 27       A$43.48              –         –        –
           LTIP                 23-Nov-21     58,725         –         –        –     58,725   Aug 26       A$38.05              –         –        –
           LTIP                 1-Dec-20      76,835         –         –        –     76,835   Aug 25       A$38.56              –         –        –
           Vandita Pant6
           CDP                  8-Nov-23      22,682         –         –        –     22,682   Aug 28       A$44.70               –         –        –
           CDP                  8-Nov-23      22,682         –         –        –     22,682   Aug 25       A$44.70               –         –        –
           CDP                  22-Nov-22     17,834         –         –        –     17,834   Aug 27       A$43.48               –         –        –
           CDP                  22-Nov-22     17,834         –         –        –     17,834   Aug 27       A$43.48               –         –        –
           CDP                  23-Nov-21     20,347         –         –        –     20,347   Aug 26       A$38.05               –         –        –
           LTIP                 8-Nov-23      45,632         –         –        –     45,632   Aug 28       A$44.70               –         –        –
           LTIP                 22-Nov-22     43,296         –         –        –     43,296   Aug 27       A$43.48               –         –        –
           LTIP                 23-Nov-21     34,440         –         –        –     34,440   Aug 26       A$38.05               –         –        –
           MAP                  20-Oct-20     27,731         –         –        –     27,731   Aug 25       A$35.90               –         –        –




For personal use only
           MAP                  20-Nov-19     26,197         –         –        –     26,197   Aug 24       A$37.24               –         –        –
           Geraldine Slattery
           CDP                  8-Nov-23           –    22,870         –        –     22,870   Aug 28       A$44.70              –          –       –
           CDP                  8-Nov-23           –    22,870         –        –     22,870   Aug 25       A$44.70              –          –       –
           CDP                  22-Nov-22     23,784         –         –        –     23,784   Aug 27       A$43.48              –          –       –
           CDP                  22-Nov-22     23,784         –         –        –     23,784   Aug 24       A$43.48              –          –       –
           CDP                  23-Nov-21     28,258         –         –        –     28,258   Aug 26       A$38.05              –          –       –
           CDP                  23-Nov-21     28,258         –    28,258        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$38.05        A$43.02    A$1,216   A$269
           CDP                  20-Oct-20     28,562         –         –        –     28,562   Aug 25       A$35.90              –          –       –
           LTIP                 8-Nov-23           –    61,359         –        –     61,359   Aug 28       A$44.70              –          –       –
           LTIP                 22-Nov-22     58,237         –         –        –     58,237   Aug 27       A$43.48              –          –       –
           LTIP                 23-Nov-21     52,543         –         –        –     52,543   Aug 26       A$38.05              –          –       –
           LTIP                 20-Oct-20     60,660         –         –        –     60,660   Aug 25       A$35.90              –          –       –
           LTIP                 20-Nov-19    117,371         –         –        –    117,371   Aug 24       A$37.24              –          –       –
           MAP                  21-Feb-19     31,965         –    31,965        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$34.83        A$43.02    A$1,375       –
           Ragnar Udd5
           CDP                  8-Nov-23           –    24,452         –        –     24,452   Aug 28       A$44.70              –          –       –
           CDP                  8-Nov-23           –    24,452         –        –     24,452   Aug 25       A$44.70              –          –       –
           CDP                  22-Nov-22     22,167         –         –        –     22,167   Aug 27       A$43.48              –          –       –
           CDP                  22-Nov-22     22,167         –         –        –     22,167   Aug 24       A$43.48              –          –       –
           CDP                  23-Nov-21     18,415         –         –        –     18,415   Aug 26       A$38.05              –          –       –
           CDP                  23-Nov-21     18,415         –    18,415        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$38.05        A$43.02     A$792    A$176
           LTIP                 8-Nov-23           –    61,359         –        –     61,359   Aug 28       A$44.70              –          –       –
           LTIP                 22-Nov-22     55,266         –         –        –     55,266   Aug 27       A$43.48              –          –       –
           LTIP                 23-Nov-21     52,543         –         –        –     52,543   Aug 26       A$38.05              –          –       –
           LTIP                 2-Nov-20      68,748         –         –        –     68,748   Aug 25       A$33.81              –          –       –
           MAP                  21-Aug-20     23,790         –         –        –     23,790   Aug 24       A$38.36              –          –       –
           MAP                  21-Aug-20     23,790         –    23,790        –          –   25 Aug 23    A$38.36        A$43.02    A$1,023       –
           
                                                                     167
           
           1            Where the vesting date is not yet known, the estimated vesting month is shown. Where awards lapsed (if any), the lapse date is shown. If the
                        vesting conditions are met, awards will vest on or as soon as practicable after the first non-prohibited period date occurring after 30 June of the
                        preceding year, subject to the terms of the award. The year of vesting is the second (CDP two-year deferred share awards), third (MAP), fourth
                        (MAP) or fifth (MAP, CDP five-year deferred share awards and LTIP) financial year after grant. All awards are conditional awards and have no
                        exercise period or exercise price; instead, ordinary fully paid shares are automatically allocated upon vesting (subject to a discretion to provide
                        cash in lieu). Where vesting conditions are not met, the conditional awards will immediately lapse.
           
           2            The market price shown is the closing price of BHP shares on the relevant date of grant. No price is payable by the individual to receive a grant of
                        awards. The IFRS fair value of the CDP and LTIP awards granted in FY2024 at the grant date of 8 November 2023 are as follows: CDP – A$45.95
                        and LTIP – A$30.33.
           
           3            The market price shown is the closing price of BHP shares on the relevant date of vest.
           
           4            The gain on awards is calculated using the market price on date of vesting or exercise (as applicable) less any exercise price payable. The amounts
                        that vested for the awards during FY2024 are as follows: CDP – 100 per cent vested; LTIP – 100 per cent vested; MAP – 100 per cent vested.
           
           5            Awards shown as held by Edgar Basto, David Lamont and Ragnar Udd at 30 June 2024 are their balances at the date they ceased being KMP,
                        being 29 February 2024.
           
           6            The opening balances of awards for Brandon Craig and Vandita Pant reflect their holdings on the date that each became KMP, being 1 March
                        2024.


           5.3          Estimated value range of equity awards
           The current face value (and estimate of the maximum possible total value) of equity awards allocated during FY2024 and yet to vest are the awards as
           set out in the previous table multiplied by the current share price of BHP Group Limited. The minimum possible total value of the awards is nil. The
           actual value that may be received by participants in the future cannot be determined as it is dependent on and therefore fluctuates with the share price of
           BHP Group Limited at the date that any particular award vests or is exercised.




For personal use only
           Five-year share price, dividend and earnings history
           The table below provides the five-year share price history for BHP Group Limited, history of dividends paid and the Group’s earnings.
           
                                                                                                                   FY2024       FY2023      FY2022       FY2021      FY2020
           Share price at beginning of year (A$)                                                                     45.26        40.05       48.22        35.82       41.68
           Share price at end of year (A$)                                                                           42.68        44.99       41.25        48.57       35.82
           Dividends paid (A$)                                                                                        2.35         3.92       10.181        2.07        2.13
           Attributable profit (US$ million, as reported)                                                            7,897       12,921      30,900       11,304       7,956
           
           1.           The FY2022 dividends paid includes A$5.38 in respect of the in-specie dividend associated with the merger of the Petroleum business with
                        Woodside.

           The highest and lowest closing share price during FY2024 were A$50.72 and A$41.95 respectively.
           
                                                                                              168
           5.4          Ordinary shareholdings and transactions
           The number of ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited held directly, indirectly or beneficially by each individual (including shares held in the name of
           all close members of the Director’s or Executive KMP’s family and entities over which either the Director or Executive KMP or the family member has
           directly or indirectly control, joint control or significant influence) is shown below. No shares are held nominally by any KMP or their related parties.
           These are ordinary shares held without performance conditions or restrictions and are included in MSR calculations for each individual.
           
                                                                                                Held at                      Received as                       Held at
                                                                                              1 July 2023     Purchased     remuneration1        Sold       30 June 2024
           Mike Henry                                                                            677,218             –            248,435      515,652          410,001
           Edgar Basto2                                                                          146,806             –             62,253       22,560          186,499
           Brandon Craig3                                                                         25,665             –                 –            –            25,665
           David Lamont2                                                                          86,235             –             21,932       45,000           63,167
           Vandita Pant3                                                                         170,688             –                 –            –           170,688
           Geraldine Slattery4                                                                   164,088             –             60,223       29,300          195,011
           Ragnar Udd2                                                                           131,559             –             42,205       42,205          131,559
           Terry Bowen5                                                                           11,000             –                  –            –           11,000
           Xiaoqun Clever-Steg                                                                     8,539             –                  –            –            8,539
           Ian Cockerill5                                                                         14,299             –                  –            –           14,299
           Gary Goldberg4                                                                         16,000          2,000                 –            –           18,000
           Michelle Hinchliffe                                                                     8,508          1,599                 –            –           10,107
           Don Lindsay6                                                                               –              –                  –            –               –
           Ken MacKenzie                                                                          58,446             –                  –            –           58,446
           Ross McEwan6                                                                               –              –                  –            –               –
           Christine O’Reilly                                                                      9,420             –                  –            –            9,420
           Catherine Tanna                                                                        10,400             –                  –            –           10,400
           Dion Weisler                                                                            7,544             –                  –            –            7,544
           




For personal use only
           1            Includes DEP in the form of shares on equity awards vesting, where applicable, as disclosed in 5.2 Equity awards.
           
           2            Shares shown as held by Edgar Basto, David Lamont and Ragnar Udd at 30 June 2024 are their balances at the date they ceased being KMP on
                        29 February 2024.
           
           3            The opening balances for Brandon Craig and Vandita Pant reflect their shareholdings on the date that each became KMP being 1 March 2024.
           
           4            The following BHP Group Limited shares were held in the form of American Depositary Shares: 2,042 for Geraldine Slattery and 9,000 for Gary
                        Goldberg.
           
           5            Shares shown as held by Terry Bowen and Ian Cockerill at 30 June 2024 are their balances at the date of their retirement from the Board on
                        1 November 2023 and 4 April 2024, respectively.
           
           6            The opening balances for Don Lindsay and Ross McEwan reflect their shareholdings on the date they became Non-executive Directors being
                        1 May 2024 and 3 April 2024, respectively.


           5.5          Prohibition on hedging of BHP shares and equity instruments
           The Executive KMP may not use unvested BHP equity awards as collateral or hedge the value of any unvested BHP equity awards or the value of shares
           and securities held as part of meeting the MSR.

           Any securities that have vested and are no longer subject to restrictions, or not held as part of meeting the MSR, may be subject to hedging arrangements
           or used as collateral, provided that prior consent is obtained.


           5.6          Share ownership guidelines and the MSR
           The share ownership guidelines and the MSR help to ensure the interests of Directors, executives and shareholders remain aligned.

           The CEO and other Executive KMP are expected to grow their holdings to the MSR from the scheduled vesting of their employee awards over time. The
           MSR is tested at the time that shares are to be sold. Shares may be sold to satisfy tax obligations arising from the granting, holding, vesting, exercise or
           sale of the employee awards or the underlying shares whether the MSR is satisfied at that time or not.
           
                                                                                           169
           For FY2024:
           
           •            The MSR for the CEO was five times annual pre-tax base salary. At the end of FY2024, the CEO met the MSR.
           
           •            The MSR for other Executive KMP was three times annual pre-tax base salary. At the end of FY2024, the other Executive KMP met the MSR
                        except for Brandon Craig, as he was appointed to the ELT and as Executive KMP on 1 March 2024.
           
           •            No Executive KMP sold or purchased shares during FY2024, other than sales to satisfy taxation obligations, except for Mike Henry, who sold
                        shares due to marital divorce, including reorganisation of holdings, and Ragnar Udd, who sold shares in order to partially fund the purchase of a
                        residential dwelling.

           A two-year post-retirement shareholding requirement for the CEO applies from the date of retirement, which will be the lower of the CEO’s MSR or the
           CEO’s actual shareholding at the date of retirement.

           Subject to securities dealing constraints, Non-executive Directors have agreed to apply at least 25 per cent of their remuneration (base fees plus
           Committee fees) to the purchase of BHP shares until they achieve an MSR equivalent in value to one year of remuneration (base fees plus Committee
           fees). Thereafter, they must maintain at least that level of shareholding throughout their tenure. At the end of FY2024, each Non-executive Director met
           the MSR except for Don Lindsay and Ross McEwan, as they joined the Board on 1 May 2024 and 3 April 2024, respectively.


           5.7          Transactions with KMP
           During the financial year, there were no transactions between the Group and its subsidiaries and KMP (including their related parties) (2023: US$ nil;
           2022: US$ nil). There were no amounts payable by or loans with KMP (including their related parties) at 30 June 2024 (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil).

           A number of KMP hold or have held positions in other companies (i.e. personally related entities) where it is considered they control or significantly
           influence the financial or operating policies of those entities. There have been no transactions with those entities and no amounts were owed by the
           Group to personally related entities or any other related parties (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil).

           This Remuneration Report was approved by the Board on 27 August 2024 and signed on its behalf by:




For personal use only
           
           /s/ Christine O’Reilly
           Christine O’Reilly
           Chair, People and Remuneration Committee
           27 August 2024
           
                                                                                            170
           Financial Statements
           Refer to the pages beginning on page F-1 in this Annual Report.
           
                                                                             171




For personal use only
           Additional information
           1 Information on mining operations
           Minerals Australia
           Iron ore mining operations
           The following table contains additional details of our iron ore mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.1 and the
           production table and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 6.
           
           Mine & location

           WAIO                                        Pilbara region, Western Australia
                                                       Newman West (Mt Whaleback, Orebodies 29, 30, 31 and 35)
                                                       Newman East (Orebodies 24, 25 and 32)
           Mt Newman joint venture
           Means of access                             Private road
                                                       Ore transported by Mt Newman JV-owned rail to Port Hedland (427 km)
           Type and amount of ownership                BHP Minerals 85%
                                                       Mitsui-ITOCHU Iron 10%
                                                       ITOCHU Minerals and Energy of Australia 5%
           Operator                                    BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage        Mineral lease granted and held under the Iron Ore (Mount Newman) Agreement Act 1964 expires in 2030
           involved                                    with right to successive renewals of 21 years each
                                                       ML244SA – approximately 78,934 hectares




For personal use only
           History and stage of property               Production stage
                                                       Production began at Mt Whaleback in 1969
                                                       Production from Orebodies 24, 25, 29, 30, 31, 32 and 35 complements production from Mt Whaleback
                                                       Production from Orebodies 31 and 32 started in 2015 and 2017 respectively
                                                       Mining at Orebody 18 ceased in 2020 after depletion
           Mine type & mineralisation style            Open-cut
                                                       Bedded ore types classified as per host Archaean or Proterozoic iron formation, which are Brockman and
                                                       Marra Mamba; also present is iron-rich detrital material
           Power source                                Power for all mine operations in the Central and Eastern Pilbara is supplied by BHP’s natural gas-fired
                                                       Yarnima power station
                                                       Power consumed in port operations is supplied via a contract with APA Group (formerly Alinta)
           Processing plants and other available       Newman Hub: primary crusher, ore handling plant, heavy media beneficiation plant, stockyard blending
           facilities                                  facility, single cell rotary car dumper, train load out (nominal capacity 75 Mtpa)
                                                       Orebody 25: Ore processing plant (nominal capacity 12 Mtpa) ceased operation mid-FY2022
           Key permit conditions                       State Agreement contains conditions set by the Western Australian Government, including requirements for
                                                       future development proposals; environmental compliance and reporting obligations; closure and
                                                       rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and community plans/initiatives/investment requirements;
                                                       payment of rent, taxes and government royalties
                                                       Tenements granted by the Western Australian Government under the Mining Act 1978 (WA) (WA Mining
                                                       Act)
                                                       Key permit conditions include resource reporting, environmental compliance and reporting, rehabilitation
                                                       considerations and offset payments and payment of lease rentals and royalties
                                                       Registered Indigenous Land Use Agreements with conditions, including appropriate native title
                                                       compensation and opportunity sharing; enshrine heritage protections and land access rights; and guarantee
                                                       certain heritage, environment and consultation processes
           
                                                                                     172
           Mine & location

           WAIO                                    Pilbara region, Western Australia
           Yandi joint venture
           Means of access                         Private road
                                                   Ore transported by Mt Newman JV-owned rail to Port Hedland (316 km)
                                                   Yandi JV’s railway spur links Yandi hub to Mt Newman JV main line
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP Minerals 85%
                                                   ITOCHU Minerals and Energy of Australia 8%
                                                   Mitsui Iron Ore Corporation 7%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Mining lease granted pursuant to the Iron Ore (Marillana Creek) Agreement Act 1991 expires in 2033 with 1
           involved                                renewal right to a further 21 years to 2054
                                                   M270SA – approximately 30,344 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   Production began at the Yandi mine in 1992
                                                   Capacity of Yandi hub expanded between 1994 and 2013
                                                   Yandi commenced production ramp down activity in FY2022
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Open-cut
                                                   Channel iron deposits are Cainozoic fluvial sediments
           Power source                            Power for all mine operations in the Central and Eastern Pilbara is supplied by BHP’s natural gas-fired
                                                   Yarnima power station




For personal use only
                                                   Power consumed in port operations is supplied via a contract with APA Group (formerly Alinta)
           Processing plants and other available   2 primary crushers, 1 ore handling plant, stockyard blending facility and 1 train load out (nominal capacity
           facilities                              50 Mtpa)
                                                   Decommissioning of additional facilities, including 2 ore handling plants, 2 primary crushers and 1 train
                                                   load out, is ongoing as part of planned ramp down activities
           Key permit conditions                   State Agreement contains conditions set by the Western Australian Government, including requirements for
                                                   future development proposals; environmental compliance and reporting obligations; closure and
                                                   rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and community plans/initiatives/investment requirements;
                                                   payment of rent, taxes and government royalties
                                                   Tenements granted by the Western Australian Government under the WA Mining Act
                                                   Key permit conditions include resource reporting, environmental compliance and reporting, rehabilitation
                                                   considerations and offset payments and payment of lease rentals and royalties
                                                   Registered Indigenous Land Use Agreements with conditions, including appropriate native title
                                                   compensation and opportunity sharing; enshrine heritage protections and land access rights; and guarantee
                                                   certain heritage, environment and consultation processes
           
                                                                                 173
           Mine & location
           WAIO                                    Pilbara region, Western Australia
                                                   Jimblebar
                                                   Bill’s Hill, Eastern Syncline and Mt Helen (jointly called Western Ridge deposits)
           Jimblebar operation*
           Means of access                         Private road
                                                   Jimblebar ore is transported via overland conveyor (12.4 km) and by Mt Newman JV-owned rail to Port
                                                   Hedland (428 km)
                                                   The Western Ridge deposits are located close to Newman Operations and all production will be trucked
                                                   and/or transported via overland conveyor
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP Minerals 85%
                                                   ITOCHU Minerals and Energy of Australia 8%
                                                   Mitsui & Co. Iron Ore Exploration & Mining 7%
                                                   *Jimblebar is an ‘incorporated’ venture with the above companies holding A Class Shares with rights to
                                                   certain parts of mining lease 266SA held by BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd (BHPIOJ)
                                                   BHP Minerals holds 100% of the B Class Shares, which has rights to all other Jimblebar assets
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Mining lease granted pursuant to the Iron Ore (McCamey’s Monster) Agreement Authorisation Act 1972
           involved                                expires in 2030 with rights to successive renewals of 21 years each
                                                   M266SA – approximately 51,756 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   Production began in March 1989




For personal use only
                                                   From 2004, production was transferred to Wheelarra JV as part of the Wheelarra sublease agreement
                                                   This sublease agreement expired in March 2018
                                                   Ore was first produced from the newly commissioned Jimblebar Hub in late 2013
                                                   Jimblebar sells ore to the Newman JV proximate to the Jimblebar Hub
                                                   Production at Western Ridge commenced in FY2022
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Open-cut
                                                   Bedded ore types classified as per host Archaean or Proterozoic banded iron formation, which are
                                                   Brockman and Marra Mamba; also present is iron-rich detrital material
           Power source                            Power for all mine operations in the Central and Eastern Pilbara is supplied by BHP’s natural gas-fired
                                                   Yarnima power station
                                                   Power consumed in port operations is supplied via a contract with APA Group (formerly Alinta)
           Processing plants and other available   3 primary crushers, ore handling plant, train loadout, stockyard blending facility and supporting mining hub
           facilities                              infrastructure (nominal capacity 71 Mtpa)
                                                   Production from the Western Ridge deposits will be processed through existing processing facility for
                                                   Newman operations

           Key permit conditions                   State Agreement contains conditions set by the Western Australian Government, including requirements for
                                                   future development proposals; environmental compliance and reporting obligations; closure and
                                                   rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and community plans/initiatives/investment requirements;
                                                   payment of rent, taxes and government royalties
                                                   Tenements granted by the Western Australian Government under the WA Mining Act
                                                   Key permit conditions include resource reporting, environmental compliance and reporting, rehabilitation
                                                   considerations and offset payments and payment of lease rentals and royalties
                                                   Registered Indigenous Land Use Agreement with conditions, including appropriate native title
                                                   compensation and opportunity sharing; enshrine heritage protections and land access rights; and guarantee
                                                   certain heritage, environment and consultation processes
           
                                                                                 174
           Mine & location


           WAIO                                    Pilbara region, Western Australia
                                                   Yarrie
                                                   Nimingarra
                                                   Mining Area C
                                                   South Flank
           Mt Goldsworthy joint venture
           Means of access                         Private road
                                                   Yarrie and Nimingarra iron ore transported by Mt Goldsworthy JV-owned rail to Port Hedland (218 km)
                                                   Mining Area C iron ore transported by Mt Newman JV-owned rail to Port Hedland (360 km)
                                                   South Flank iron ore transported by overland conveyors (8–16 km) to the Mining Area C processing hub
                                                   Mt Goldsworthy JV railway spur links Mining Area C and South Flank to Yandi JV’s railway spur
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP Minerals 85%
                                                   Mitsui Iron Ore Corporation 7%
                                                   ITOCHU Minerals and Energy of Australia 8%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    1 mineral lease and 1 mining lease both granted pursuant to the Iron Ore (Goldsworthy – Nimingarra)
           involved                                Agreement Act 1972, expire in 2035, with rights to successive renewals of 21 years each. ML251SA and
                                                   M263SA – approximately 15,623 hectares
                                                   A number of smaller mining leases granted under the WA Mining Act expire in 2026 with rights to
                                                   successive renewals of 21 years. 5 leases – approximately 2,999 hectares




For personal use only
                                                   3 mineral leases granted under the Iron Ore (Mount Goldsworthy) Agreement Act 1964, which expire 2028,
                                                   with rights to successive renewals of 21 years each
                                                   ML235SA, ML249SA and ML281SA – approximately 91,124 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   Operations commenced at Mt Goldsworthy in 1966 and at Shay Gap in 1973
                                                   Original Goldsworthy mine closed in 1982
                                                   Associated Shay Gap mine closed in 1993
                                                   Mining at Nimingarra mine ceased in 2007, then continued from adjacent Yarrie area
                                                   Production commenced at Mining Area C mine in 2003
                                                   Yarrie mine operations were suspended in February 2014
                                                   First ore at South Flank commenced in May 2021
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Mining Area C, South Flank, Yarrie and Nimingarra are open-cut
                                                   Bedded ore types classified as per host Archaean or Proterozoic iron formation, which are Brockman, Marra
                                                   Mamba and Nimingarra; also present is iron-rich detrital material
           Power source                            Power for Yarrie and Shay Gap is supplied by their own small diesel generating stations
                                                   Power for all remaining mine operations in the Central and Eastern Pilbara is supplied by BHP’s natural
                                                   gas-fired Yarnima power station
                                                   Power consumed in port operations is supplied via a contract with APA Group (formerly Alinta)
           Processing plants and other available   Mining Area C: 2 primary crushers, 2 ore handling plants, stockyard blending facility and train load out
           facilities                              (nominal capacity 64 Mtpa)
                                                   South Flank: 2 primary crushers, 1 ore handling plant, stockyard and blending facility and train load out
                                                   (nominal capacity 80 Mtpa)
           
                                                                                 175
           Key permit conditions                   State Agreements contain conditions set by the Western Australian Government, including requirements for
                                                   future development proposals; environmental compliance and reporting obligations; closure and
                                                   rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and community plans/initiatives/investment requirements;
                                                   payment of rent, taxes and government royalties
                                                   Tenements granted by the Western Australian Government under the WA Mining Act
                                                   Key permit conditions include resource reporting, environmental compliance and reporting, rehabilitation
                                                   considerations and offset payments and payment of lease rentals and royalties
                                                   Registered Indigenous Land Use Agreements with conditions, including appropriate native title
                                                   compensation and opportunity sharing; enshrine heritage protections and land access rights; and guarantee
                                                   certain heritage, environment and consultation processes
           Mine & location

           WAIO                                    Pilbara region, Western Australia
           POSMAC joint venture
           Means of access                         Private road
                                                   POSMAC JV sells ore to Mt Goldsworthy JV at Mining Area C
                                                   Ore is transported via Mt Goldsworthy JV-owned rail and Mt Newman JV-owned rail to Port Hedland
                                                   Mt Goldsworthy JV railway spur links Mining Area C to Yandi JV’s railway spur
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP Minerals 65%
                                                   ITOCHU Minerals and Energy of Australia 8%
                                                   Mitsui Iron Ore Corporation 7%
                                                   POS-Ore 20%
           Operator                                BHP




For personal use only
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Sublease over part of Mt Goldsworthy Mining Area C mineral lease that expires on the earlier of
           involved                                termination of the mineral lease or the end of the POSMAC JV
                                                   ML281SA – approximately 56,335 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   Production commenced in October 2003
                                                   POSMAC JV sells all ore to Mt Goldsworthy JV at Mining Area C
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Open-cut
                                                   Bedded ore types classified as per host Archaean or Proterozoic iron formation, which is Marra Mamba
           Power source                            Power for all mine operations in the Central and Eastern Pilbara is supplied by BHP’s natural gas-fired
                                                   Yarnima power station
                                                   Power consumed in port operations is supplied via a contract with APA Group (formerly Alinta)
           Processing plants and other available   POSMAC sells all ore to Mt Goldsworthy JV, which is then processed at Mining Area C
           facilities
           Key permit conditions                   Key permit conditions of POSMAC joint venture are captured within the Mount Goldsworthy joint venture
                                                   key permit conditions outlined above
           
                                                                                 176
           Coal mining operations
           The following table includes details about our mining operations as at 30 June 2024. It does not include information on the Daunia and Blackwater coal
           mining operations, which were divested by BMA’s owners during the year. While some of the land and tenements related to the Daunia and Blackwater
           mines is pending transfer following completion in April 2024, the assets are now under Whitehaven Coal’s control and operated for their benefit and
           have been excluded on that basis.

           This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.1 and the production table and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 6.
           
           Mine & location
           BHP Mitsubishi Alliance                     Bowen Basin, Queensland, Australia
                                                       Goonyella Riverside
                                                       Broadmeadow
                                                       Caval Ridge
                                                       Peak Downs
                                                       Saraji and Saraji South mines
           Central Queensland Coal Associates joint
           venture
           Means of access                             Public road
                                                       Coal transported by rail to Hay Point Coal Terminal
                                                       Distances between the mines and port are between 191 km and 212 km
           Type and amount of ownership                BHP 50%
                                                       Mitsubishi Development 50%




For personal use only
           Operator                                    BMA
           Title, leases or options and acreage        Mining leases, including undeveloped tenements, have expiry dates ranging up to 2045, renewable for
           involved                                    further periods as Queensland Government legislation allows
                                                       Approximately 79,752 hectares excluding the tenements pending transition to Whitehaven Coal
                                                       Mining is permitted to continue under the legislation during the renewal application period
                                                       All required renewal applications were lodged and pending a decision from the Minister
           History and stage of property               Production stage
                                                       Goonyella mine commenced in 1971, merged with adjoining Riverside mine in 1989
                                                       Operates as Goonyella Riverside
                                                       Production commenced at:
                                                       Peak Downs in 1972
                                                       Saraji in 1974
                                                       Norwich Park in 1979
                                                       Broadmeadow (longwall operations) in 2005
                                                       Caval Ridge in 2014
                                                       Production at Saraji South (formerly Norwich Park) ceased in May 2012. Since October 2022, limited
                                                       product has been sourced from Saraji South for processing at Saraji

           Mine type & mineralisation style            All open-cut except Broadmeadow (longwall underground)
                                                       Bituminous coal is mined from the Permian Moranbah Coal measures
                                                       Products range from premium-quality, low-volatile, high-vitrinite hard coking coal to medium-volatile hard
                                                       coking coal, to weak coking coal and medium ash thermal coal as a secondary product
           Power source                                Queensland electricity grid connection is under long-term contracts and energy purchased via Retail
                                                       Agreements
           
                                                                                       177
           Processing plants and other available   On-site beneficiation processing facilities
           facilities
                                                   Combined nominal capacity of 50 Mtpa
           Key permit conditions                   Key permit conditions are contained in the various legislation set by the Queensland Government and
                                                   include conditions relating to carrying out works in accordance with the environmental authority and
                                                   approved development plans, payment of rents, reporting and payment of royalties. Mining leases granted
                                                   under the Central Queensland Coal Associates Agreement Act 1968 place an extraction cap of 1,860 Mt
           Mine & location

           New South Wales Energy Coal             Approximately 126 km northwest of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia
           Mt Arthur Coal
           Means of access                         Public road
                                                   Coal transported by third-party rail
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 100%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    New South Wales Energy Coal holds 10 mining leases, 2 subleases and 1 exploration licence
           involved
                                                   Total mining leases approximately 8,750 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   Production commenced in 2002 (previous operations dating to the early 1960s)
                                                   Approval to expand mining granted in 2010 with an additional area also granted by an approval
                                                   modification in 2014
                                                   Current Development Consent expires in 2026
                                                   On 16 June 2022, BHP announced the decision to cease mining at the asset by the end of FY2030
                                                   The application to continue mining for an additional 4 years from FY2026 to FY2030 was lodged with the




For personal use only
                                                   New South Wales Government in September 2023 and is currently under assessment
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Open-cut
                                                   Produces a medium rank bituminous thermal coal
           Power source                            New South Wales electricity grid connection under a deemed long-term contract and energy purchased via a
                                                   Retail Agreement
           Processing plants and other available   Beneficiation facilities: coal handling, preparation, washing plants
           facilities
                                                   Nominal capacity in excess of 23 Mtpa
           Key permit conditions                   The project approval contains key conditions: (i) it requires MAC to be operated generally in accordance
                                                   with the environmental assessment; and (ii) permits extraction of up to 36 Mtpa of run of mine coal from
                                                   underground and open-cut operations, with open-cut extraction limited to 32 Mtpa
           
                                                                                  178
           Nickel mining operations
           The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.1 and the production table
           and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 6.
           
           Mine & location

           Nickel West                                 450 km north of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia
                                                       Mt Keith Mine
                                                       Mt Keith Satellite Mine (Yakabindie)
           Mt Keith mine and concentrator
           Means of access                             Private road
                                                       Nickel concentrate transported by road to Leinster for drying and on-shipping
           Type and amount of ownership                BHP 100%
           Operator                                    BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage        Mining leases granted by Western Australian Government
           involved
                                                       Key leases expire between 2029 and 2036
                                                       First renewal of 21 years is as a right. Further renewals at government discretion
                                                       Mt Keith mining leases approximately 9,240 hectares
                                                       Mt Keith satellite mining leases approximately 3,835 hectares
           History and stage of property               Production stage
                                                       Commissioned in 1995 by WMC
                                                       Acquired in 2005 as part of WMC acquisition




For personal use only
                                                       Mt Keith Satellite Mine contains 2 open-pit mines: Six Mile Well and Goliath, both in full production
                                                       Nickel West operations will be temporarily suspended from October 2024
           Mine type & mineralisation style            Open-cut
                                                       Disseminated textured magmatic nickel-sulphide mineralisation associated with a metamorphosed
                                                       ultramafic intrusion
           Power source                                On-site third-party gas-fired turbines and renewable solar generation with backup from diesel engine
                                                       generation
                                                       Contracts expire in December 2038
                                                       Natural gas sourced and transported under separate long-term contracts
           Processing plants and other available       Concentration plant with a nominal capacity of 11 Mtpa of ore
           facilities
           Key permit conditions                       Use of the land for the purposes set out by the Western Australian Government under granted mining
                                                       tenements and broadly comprise of submission of detailed mining proposals; payment of royalties, annual
                                                       rent to the State Government; rates to relevant local governments; compliance with environmental
                                                       regulations and mine closure requirements and other reporting obligations. Existing mining operations are
                                                       also subject to an Indigenous Land Use Agreement (ILUA), which includes commitments for payments
                                                       made to trust accounts; Indigenous employment and business opportunities; heritage and cultural
                                                       protections
           
                                                                                     179
           Mine & location

           Nickel West                              375 km north of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia
                                                    Venus sub-level caving operation
                                                    B11 block caving operation
                                                    Camelot open-pit mine
                                                    Rocky’s Reward open-pit mine
           Leinster mine complex and concentrator
           Means of access                          Public road
                                                    Nickel concentrate shipped by road and rail to Kalgoorlie Nickel Smelter
           Type and amount of ownership             BHP 100%
           Operator                                 BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage     Mining leases granted by Western Australian Government
           involved
                                                    Key leases expire between 2025 and 2040
                                                    Renewals of principal mineral lease in accordance with State Agreement ratified by the Nickel (Agnew)
                                                    Agreement Act 1974
                                                    Leinster mining leases approximately 6,325 hectares
                                                    Camelot mining leases approximately 2,353 hectares
           History and stage of property            Production stage
                                                    Production commenced in 1979
                                                    Acquired in 2005 as part of WMC acquisition




For personal use only
                                                    Leinster underground ceased operations in 2013 and recommenced operations in 2016 with Venus sub-level
                                                    cave now in operation and B11 block cave developing its undercut and draw points
                                                    Rocky’s Reward open-pit mine ceased mining in 2021
                                                    Nickel West operations will be temporarily suspended from October 2024
           Mine type & mineralisation style         Open-cut and underground
                                                    Steeply dipping disseminated and massive textured nickel-sulphide mineralisation associated with
                                                    metamorphosed ultramafic lava flows and intrusions
           Power source                             On-site third-party gas-fired turbines and renewable solar generation with back up from diesel engine
                                                    generation
                                                    Contracts expire in December 2038
                                                    Natural gas sourced and transported under separate long-term contracts
           Processing plants and other available    Concentration plant with a nominal capacity of 3 Mtpa of ore
           facilities
           Key permit conditions                    Use of the land for the purposes set out by the Western Australian Government in the Nickel (Agnew)
                                                    Agreement Act 1974 broadly comprise of submission of detailed mining proposals and additional proposals;
                                                    payment of royalties, annual rent to Western Australian Government; rates to relevant local governments;
                                                    compliance with environmental regulations and mine closure requirements and other reporting obligations.
                                                    Existing mining operations are also subject to an Indigenous Land Use Agreement (ILUA), which includes
                                                    commitments for payments made to trust accounts; Indigenous employment and business opportunities;
                                                    heritage and cultural protections
           
                                                                                  180
           Mine & location

           Nickel West                             450 km north of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia
           Cliffs mine
           Means of access                         Private road
                                                   Nickel ore transported by road to Leinster or Mt Keith for further processing
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 100%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Mining leases granted by Western Australian Government
           involved
                                                   Key leases expire between 2025 and 2028
                                                   First renewal of 21 years is as of right. Further renewals at government discretion
                                                   Mining leases approximately 2,675 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   Production commenced in 2008
                                                   Acquired in 2005 as part of WMC acquisition
                                                   Nickel West operations will be temporarily suspended from October 2024
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Underground
                                                   Steeply dipping massive textured nickel-sulphide mineralisation associated with metamorphosed ultramafic
                                                   lava flows
           Power source                            Supplied from Mt Keith
           Processing plants and other available   Mine site
           facilities
           Key permit conditions                   Use of the land for the purposes set out by the Western Australian Government under granted mining




For personal use only
                                                   tenements and broadly comprise of submission of detailed mining proposals; payment of royalties, annual
                                                   rent to the State Government; rates to relevant local government; compliance with environmental
                                                   regulations and mine closure requirements and other reporting obligations. Existing mining operations are
                                                   also subject to an Indigenous Land Use Agreement (ILUA), which includes commitments for payments
                                                   made to trust accounts; Indigenous employment and business opportunities; heritage and cultural
                                                   protections
           
                                                                                 181
           Mine & location

           West Musgrave Project                     Musgrave Province, Western Australia
           Means of access                           Public road
           Type and amount of ownership              BHP 100%
           Operator                                  BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage      The Project contemplates 2 copper and nickel deposits (Babel pit and Nebo pit) within the West Musgrave
           involved                                  Ranges of Western Australia
                                                     M69/149, L69/56, L69/57 and L69/44
                                                     Development Envelope of 20,852 hectares
           History and stage of property             Scoping studies completed in 2017
                                                     Pre-feasibility study completed by OZ Minerals and Cassini Resources Ltd in 2020
                                                     Acquired by OZ Minerals in October 2020
                                                     Final investment decision in September 2022
                                                     Acquired in 2023 as part of OZ Minerals acquisition
                                                     West Musgrave Project will be temporarily suspended from October 2024
           Mine type & mineralisation style          Open-pit (still in project stage)
                                                     Magmatic nickel and copper sulphide
           Power source                              Long-term power expected to be delivered by an off-grid hybrid power system (wind, solar, battery and
                                                     thermal generation)
           Processing plants and other available     Crushing, vertical roller mill, flotation producing separate nickel and copper concentrates (still in project
           facilities                                stage)
           Key permit conditions                     All key regulatory approvals in place and a Land access agreement signed with the Ngaanyatjarra people to




For personal use only
                                                     develop 2 copper and nickel deposits (Babel pit and Nebo pit) within the West Musgrave Ranges (including
                                                     mining, accommodation, an airstrip and processing facilities)
                                                     There are a number of strict conditions on cultural heritage, flora and fauna, inland waters and greenhouse
                                                     gas, including:
                                                           •   no more than 3,830 hectares clearing of native vegetation
                                                           •   achieving net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040, including up to 60
                                                               megawatts (instantaneous load requirement) of fossil fuel electricity generation with the
                                                               remainder of the power supply to be generated through solar or wind electricity generation
                                                           •   abstraction of up to 7.5 gigalitres of groundwater per annum
                                                           •   compliance with the Cultural Heritage Management Plan, including no direct disturbance of the
                                                               ethnographic exclusion zones


           Nickel smelters, refineries and processing plants
           
           Smelter, refinery or processing plant

           Nickel West                               56 km south of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia
           Kambalda nickel concentrator
           Ownership                                 BHP 100%
           Operator                                  BHP
           Title, leases or options                  Mineral leases granted by Western Australian Government
                                                     Key leases expire in 2028
                                                     Mining leases approximately 242 hectares
           
                                                                                   182
           Key permit conditions                   Use of the land for the purposes set out by the Western Australian Government under granted mining
                                                   tenements and broadly comprise of submission of detailed mining proposals; payment of royalties, annual
                                                   rent to the State Government; rates to relevant local government; compliance with environmental
                                                   regulations and mine closure requirements and other reporting obligations
           Product                                 Concentrate containing approximately 13% nickel
           Power source                            On-site third-party gas-fired turbines supplemented by access to grid power
                                                   Contracts expire in December 2038
                                                   Natural gas sourced and transported under separate long-term contracts
           Nominal production capacity             1.6 Mtpa ore
                                                   Nickel sourced through ore tolling and concentrate purchase arrangements with third parties in Kambalda
                                                   and outer regions
           Smelter, refinery or processing plant
           Nickel West                             Kalgoorlie, Western Australia
           Kalgoorlie nickel smelter
           Ownership                               BHP 100%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options                Freehold title over the property
           Key permit conditions
           Product                                 Matte containing approximately 65% nickel
           Power source                            On-site third-party gas-fired turbines supplemented by access to grid power
                                                   Contracts expire in December 2038
                                                   Natural gas sourced and transported under separate long-term contracts
           Nominal production capacity             110 ktpa nickel metal in matte
           Smelter, refinery or processing plant




For personal use only
           Nickel West                             30 km south of Perth, Western Australia
           Kwinana nickel refinery
           Ownership                               BHP 100%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options                Freehold title over the property
           Key permit conditions
           Product                                 London Metal Exchange grade nickel briquettes, nickel powder
                                                   Also intermediate products, including copper sulphide, cobalt-nickel-sulphide, ammonium sulphate
                                                   Nickel sulphate containing approximately 22% nickel
           Power source                            Power is sourced from the local grid, which is supplied under a retail contract, supplemented by a Power
                                                   Purchase Agreement with Merredin Solar Farm for 50% of its output
           Nominal production capacity             82.5 ktpa nickel metal in powder, briquettes and nickel sulphate (with approval to increase up to 90 ktpa)
                                                   99 kt–100 kt nickel sulphate (approximately 22 kt–24 kt nickel)
           
                                                                                   183
           Copper South Australia
           Copper mining operations
           The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.1 and 5.2, and the
           production table and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 6.
           
           Mine & location
           Olympic Dam                                 560 km northwest of Adelaide, South Australia
           Means of access                             Public road
                                                       Copper cathode trucked to ports
                                                       Uranium oxide transported by road to ports
                                                       Gold bullion transported by road and plane
           Type and amount of ownership                BHP 100%
           Operator                                    BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage        Mining lease granted by South Australian Government expires in 2036
           involved
                                                       Approximately 17,788 hectares
                                                       Right of extension for 50 years (subject to remaining mine life)
           History and stage of property               Production stage
                                                       Acquired in 2005 as part of Western Mining Corporation (WMC) acquisition
                                                       Copper production began in 1988
                                                       Nominal milling capacity raised to 9 Mtpa in 1999
                                                       Optimisation project completed in 2002




For personal use only
                                                       New copper solvent extraction plant commissioned in 2004
                                                       Major smelter maintenance campaigns completed in 2017 and 2022
           Mine type & mineralisation style            Underground
                                                       Large poly-metallic deposit of iron oxide-copper-uranium-gold mineralisation
           Power source                                Electricity transmitted via BHP’s 275 kV power line from Port Augusta and ElectraNet’s system upstream
                                                       of Port Augusta
                                                       Power is sourced from the local grid, which is supplied under a retail contract, currently supplemented by
                                                       Power Purchase Agreement with Iberdrola
           Processing plants and other available       Underground automated train and trucking network feeding crushing, storage and ore hoisting facilities
           facilities
                                                       2 grinding circuits
                                                       Nominal milling capacity of 11 Mtpa
                                                       Flash furnace produces copper anodes, which are then refined to produce copper cathodes
                                                       Electrowon copper cathode and uranium oxide concentrate produced by leaching and solvent extracting
                                                       flotation tailings
                                                       Gold cyanide leach circuit and gold room producing gold bullion
           Key permit conditions                       The Roxby Downs (Indenture Ratification) Act 1982 (Indenture Act) applies to Olympic Dam’s operations.
                                                       It contains conditions from the South Australian Government, including relating to the protection and
                                                       management of the environment; water; closure and rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and
                                                       community plans/initiatives/project commitments; and payment of royalties. Olympic Dam also holds other
                                                       relevant approvals and tenements granted by the South Australian Government, including under the Mining
                                                       Act 1971 (SA)
           
                                                                                     184
           Mine & location
           Carrapateena                            The Gawler Craton, South Australia, approximately 160 km north of Port Augusta
           Means of access                         60 km private access road
                                                   Copper concentrate trucked to ports
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 100%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    The Carrapateena Project holds a mining lease (ML 6471) and 5 miscellaneous purposes licences (MPL
           involved                                149, 152, 153, 154 and 156), which were granted by the South Australian Government and expire in January
                                                   2039, with the exception of MPL 149 which expires in July 2038
                                                   Approximately 44,144 hectares in size across all 6 tenements
                                                   An application for tenement extensions can be made within 6 months of the tenement expiry date
           History and stage of property           2011 – OZ Minerals acquired Carrapateena exploration project
                                                   2014 – Pre-feasibility study completed
                                                   2016 – Carrapateena scoping study completed
                                                   2017 – Feasibility study updated
                                                   2017 – Works on enabling infrastructure commenced
                                                   2018 – Project approvals completed
                                                   2018 – Construction commenced
                                                   2019 – Construction completed
                                                   2019 – First saleable concentrate produced
                                                   2019 – Block Cave expansion pre-feasibility study commenced




For personal use only
                                                   2020 – 4.25 Mtpa ramp up achieved
                                                   2020 – Block Cave expansion pre-feasibility study completed
                                                   2020 – Block Cave expansion approved
                                                   2020 – New 270 km transmission line to Prominent Hill via Carrapateena commissioned
                                                   2020 – Early works on Western Access Road commenced
                                                   2021 – Block Cave expansion early works underway
                                                   2022 – Cave propagated to surface
                                                   2023 – Acquired as part of OZ Minerals acquisition
                                                   2024 – Commissioning of Crusher Station 2
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Underground
                                                   Iron oxide copper gold deposit
           Power source                            Electricity transmitted via private power line operated under a Build Own Operate Maintain (BOOM)
                                                   agreement with ElectraNet
                                                   Power purchased via Retail Agreement
           Processing plants and other available   Conventional crushing, grinding and flotation on mine site
           facilities
                                                   Nominal milling capacity of 5.5 Mt
           Key permit conditions                   The SA Mining Act and associated Mining Regulations 2020 (SA) apply to the Carrapateena Project. Each
                                                   tenement document (either ML or MPL) in conjunction with the operation’s Program for Environment
                                                   Protection and Rehabilitation (PEPR) outlines the conditions from the South Australian Government that
                                                   must be complied with including those relating to the protection and management of the environment,
                                                   water, closure and rehabilitation
                                                   The Carrapateena Project is also approved by the Federal Government under the Environment Protection
                                                   and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act) and as such has further conditions regarding nationally
                                                   threatened flora and fauna species
           
                                                                                185
           Mine & location
           Prominent Hill                          650 km northwest of Adelaide, 130 km southeast of the town of Coober Pedy
           Means of access                         Mine access road (45 km off Stuart Highway)
                                                   Copper concentrate (containing gold and silver) trucked to Wirrida Railway siding via dedicated
                                                   Concentrate Export Road
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 100%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Mining lease ML 6228 granted by South Australian Government expires in August 2041
           involved
                                                   Miscellaneous purpose licences (MPL 81, 82, 83, 84, 91, 93, 94 96, 97, 101, 112 to 117 and 119 to 122) and
                                                   extractive mineral leases (EML 6234, 6236 to 6242, 6278 to 6296, 6299 to 6301) which were granted by the
                                                   South Australian Government and expire in August 2041
                                                   Approximately 11,401 hectares across all 51 tenements
           History and stage of property           2009 – Malu open-pit mine commissioned
                                                   2012 – Ankata underground mine expansion commissioned
                                                   2015 – Malu underground mine expansion commissioned
                                                   2017 – Expansion of the underground operation with new northern decline (Liru)
                                                   2018 – Malu open-pit mine safely closed after more than 100 Mt of ore was mined over 10 years
                                                   2019 – Underground ramp up to 4.0 Mt
                                                   2019 – Prominent Hill expansion study commenced
                                                   2021 – Wira Shaft Mine expansion investment approved
                                                   2022 – Decision to increase the electric hoisting shaft’s capacity from 6 Mtpa to 6.5 Mtpa




For personal use only
                                                   2023 – Acquired as part of OZ Minerals acquisition
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Underground
                                                   Iron oxide copper gold deposit
           Power source                            SA power grid via a high voltage power transmission line operated under a Build Own Operate Maintain
                                                   agreement
                                                   Power purchased via Retail Agreement
           Processing plants and other available   Conventional crushing, semi-autogenous grinding (SAG) and ball mill grinding circuit and flotation
           facilities                              processing plant on site
                                                   Nameplate capacity of 10 Mtpa
           Key permit conditions                   MPEPR2022/137 Program for Environment Protection and Rehabilitation for Mineral Lease (ML) 6228 and
                                                   Associated Extractive Minerals Leases and Miscellaneous Purpose Licences
                                                   Department for Environment and Water: Water Licences 396811 and 396809
                                                   Environment Protection Authority Licence 22764
                                                   Environment Protection Authority Licence 51429: Licence to Carry out Mining or Mineral Processing
                                                   pursuant to Radiation Protection and Control Act 2021
           
                                                                                 186
           Minerals Americas
           Copper mining operations
           The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.3 and the production table
           and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 6.
           
           Mine & location

           Escondida                                   Atacama Desert
                                                       170 km southeast of Antofagasta, Chile
           Means of access                             Private road available for public use
                                                       Copper cathode transported by rail to ports at Antofagasta and Mejillones
                                                       Copper concentrate transported by Escondida-owned pipelines to its Coloso port facilities

           Type and amount of ownership                BHP 57.5%
                                                       Rio Tinto 30%
                                                       JECO Corporation consortium comprising Mitsubishi, JX Nippon Mining and Metals 10%
                                                       JECO 2 Ltd 2.5%
           Operator                                    BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage        Mining concession from Chilean Government valid indefinitely (subject to payment of annual fees)
           involved
                                                       Mining concessions (exploitation) approximately 380,000 hectares
           History and stage of property               Production stage
                                                       Original construction completed and production commenced in 1990
                                                       Start of operations of the third concentrator plant in 2015




For personal use only
                                                       Inauguration of Escondida Water Supply desalination plant (CY2018) and its extension (CY2019)
           Key permit conditions                       Mining companies in Chile must obtain environmental approvals for their projects, issued by the
                                                       Environmental Assessment Service (SEA), in order to operate
                                                       Depending on the particular characteristics and/or extension of the relevant project to be assessed, approvals
                                                       can be obtained following a full Environmental Impact Study (EIA) or after a less complex Environmental
                                                       Impact Declaration (DIA)
                                                       Mining companies are required to pay an annual fee for each mining concession
           Mine type & mineralisation style            2 open-cut pits: Escondida and Escondida Norte
                                                       Escondida and Escondida Norte mineral deposits are adjacent but distinct supergene enriched porphyry
                                                       copper deposits
           Power source                                Electricity sourced from 100% renewable sources and certified by the Chilean Electricity Authority
                                                       (Coordinador Eléctrico Nacional – CEN)
                                                       Renewable power purchase agreements (PPAs) with third parties supply approximately 99% of Escondida
                                                       electricity needs with the balance supplied by Tamakaya SpA (100% owned by BHP)
                                                       Escondida-owned transmission lines connect to Chile’s northern power grid
           Processing plants and other available       Crushing facilities feed concentrator and leaching processes
           facilities
                                                       3 concentrator plants produce copper concentrate from sulphide ore by flotation extraction process
                                                       (by-products: gold and silver)
                                                       2 solvent extraction and electrowinning plants produce copper cathode
                                                       Nominal capacity: 422 ktpd (nominal milling capacity) and 350 ktpa copper cathode (nominal capacity of
                                                       tank house)
                                                       2 x 168 km concentrate pipelines, 167 km water pipeline
                                                       Port facilities at Coloso, Antofagasta
                                                       Desalinated water plant (total water capacity of 3,800 litres per second)
           
                                                                                      187
           Mine & location
           Pampa Norte Spence                      Atacama Desert
                                                   162 km northeast of Antofagasta, Chile
           Means of access                         Public road
                                                   Copper cathode transported by rail to ports at Mejillones and Antofagasta
                                                   Copper concentrate transported by rail or trucks to port in Mejillones
                                                   Molybdenum concentrate is transported by trucks
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 100%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Mining concession from Chilean Government valid indefinitely (subject to payment of annual fees)
           involved
                                                   Mining concessions (exploitation): approximately 44,000 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   First copper produced in 2006
                                                   Spence Growth Option (i.e. new 95 ktpd copper concentrator and molybdenum plants) produced first copper
                                                   in December 2020 and first molybdenum in April 2022
           Key permit conditions                   Mining companies in Chile must obtain environmental approvals for their projects, issued by the
                                                   Environmental Assessment Service (SEA), in order to operate
                                                   Depending on the particular characteristics and/or extension of the relevant project to be assessed, approvals
                                                   can be obtained following a full Environmental Impact Study (EIA) or after a less complex Environmental
                                                   Impact Declaration (DIA)
                                                   Mining companies are required to pay an annual fee for each mining concession

           Mine type & mineralisation style        Open-cut




For personal use only
                                                   Enriched and oxidised porphyry copper deposit containing in situ copper oxide mineralisation that overlies a
                                                   near-horizontal sequence of supergene sulphides, transitional sulphides and finally primary (hypogene)
                                                   sulphide mineralisation
           Power source                            Electricity sourced from 100% renewable sources and certified by the Chilean Electricity Authority
                                                   (Coordinador Eléctrico Nacional – CEN)
                                                   Renewable power purchase agreements (PPAs) with third parties supply most of Spence electricity needs.
                                                   The remainder is supplied by Tamakaya SpA (100% owned by BHP)
                                                   Spence-owned transmission lines connect to Chile’s northern power grid
           Processing plants and other available   Crushing facilities feed concentrator and leaching processes
           facilities
                                                   1 copper concentrator plant with 95 ktpd capacity (by-products: gold and silver), molybdenum plant and a
                                                   1,000 litres per second desalinated water plant under a Build Own Operate Transfer (BOOT) agreement
                                                   Dynamic leach pads, solvent extraction and electrowinning plant
                                                   Nominal capacity of tank house: 200 ktpa copper cathode
           
                                                                                   188
           Mine & location
           Pampa Norte Cerro Colorado              Atacama Desert
                                                   120 km east of Iquique, Chile
           Means of access                         Public road
                                                   Copper cathode trucked to port at Iquique
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 100%
           Operator                                BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Mining concession from Chilean Government valid indefinitely (subject to payment of annual fees)
           involved
                                                   Transitioned to care and maintenance in December 2023.
                                                   Mining concessions (exploitation): approximately 34,000 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   Commercial production commenced in 1994
                                                   Expansions in 1996 and 1998
                                                   Cerro Colorado entered temporary care and maintenance in December 2023
           Key permit conditions                   Mining companies in Chile must obtain environmental approvals for their projects, issued by the
                                                   Environmental Assessment Service (SEA), in order to operate
                                                   Depending on the particular characteristics and/or extension of the relevant project to be assessed, approvals
                                                   can be obtained following a full Environmental Impact Study (EIA) or after a less complex Environmental
                                                   Impact Declaration (DIA)
                                                   Mining companies are required to pay an annual fee for each mining concession
                                                   Mining companies in Chile that enter a care and maintenance period must obtain approval of a Temporary
                                                   Closure Plan, sectorial permit, from Sernageomin (Mining Authority). This permit is initially granted for a




For personal use only
                                                   period of 2 years and is renewable for an additional period of up to 3 years
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Open-cut
                                                   Enriched and oxidised porphyry copper deposit containing in situ copper oxide mineralisation that overlies a
                                                   near-horizontal sequence of supergene sulphides, transitional sulphides and finally primary (hypogene)
                                                   sulphide mineralisation
           Power source                            Electricity purchased from external vendors
           Processing plants and other available   Crushing facilities, dynamic leach pads, solvent extraction plant, electrowinning plant
           facilities
                                                   Nominal capacity of tank house: 130 ktpa copper cathode
           
                                                                                   189
           Mine & location

           Antamina                                Andes mountain range, Peru
                                                   Mine: San Marcos – Ancash, 270 km northeast of Lima
                                                   Port: Huarmey – Ancash, 300 km north of Lima
           Means of access                         Public road
                                                   Copper and zinc concentrates transported by Antamina-owned pipeline to its Punta Lobitos port
                                                   Molybdenum and lead/bismuth concentrates transported by truck
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 33.75%
                                                   Glencore 33.75%
                                                   Teck 22.5%
                                                   Mitsubishi 10%
           Operator                                Compañía Minera Antamina S.A.
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Mining rights from Peruvian Government held indefinitely, subject to payment of annual fees and supply of
           involved                                information on investment and production
                                                   Total acreage: approximately 6,600 hectares
           History and stage of property           Production stage
                                                   Commercial production commenced in 2001
           Key permit conditions                   During FY2024, the National Environmental Certification Service (SENACE) approved Antamina’s
                                                   Modification of the Environmental Impact Assessment (MEIA), enabling Antamina to extend its life from
                                                   CY2028 to CY2036, maintaining annual production volumes within its current operational footprint
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Open-cut
                                                   Zoned porphyry and skarn deposit with central copper dominated ores and an outer band of copper-zinc




For personal use only
                                                   dominated ores
           Power source                            Contracts with individual power producers
           Processing plants and other available   Primary crusher, concentrator, copper and zinc flotation circuits, bismuth/moly cleaning circuit
           facilities
                                                   Nominal milling capacity 145 ktpd
                                                   304 km concentrate pipeline
                                                   Port facilities at Huarmey
           
                                                                                 190
           Mine & location

           Resolution                              Superior/Project: Pinal – Arizona, 100 km east of Phoenix, United States
           Means of access                         Public road
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 45%
                                                   Rio Tinto 55% (operator)
           Operator                                Resolution Copper Mining LLC
           Title, leases or options and acreage    Private land, patented and unpatented mining claims
           involved
                                                   Total acreage: approximately 46,000 acres
           History and stage of property           Exploration stage
                                                   The Resolution deposit is within the footprint of and adjacent to the historical Magma Copper Mine
                                                   The Resolution non-operated joint venture (NOJV) was formed in 2004 with Rio Tinto as operator
           Key permit conditions                   The Resolution Copper Project is subject to a federal permitting process pursuant to the National
                                                   Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and other US legislation, including requirements for consultation,
                                                   coordination and collaboration with Native American Tribes
                                                   The NEPA process is led by the US Forest Service
                                                   The Resolution Copper Project is also required to obtain several state and local permits, including air quality
                                                   and groundwater protection permits
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Underground
                                                   Porphyry copper and molybdenum deposit
           Power source                            115 kV power lines to East and West Plant sites with supply contract with Salt River Project
           Processing plants and other available   Water treatment and reverse osmosis plant, 2 active underground shafts with associated support
           facilities                              infrastructure, including hoisting, ventilation and cooling, and a rail corridor connecting the site to the
                                                   national rail network




For personal use only
           
                                                                                  191
           Iron ore mining operations
           The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.3 and the production table
           and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 6.
           
           Mine & location

           Samarco                                     Southeast Brazil
                                                       Samarco Mine: Mariana – Minas Gerais, 130 km southeast of Belo Horizonte
                                                       Port: Anchieta – Espírito Santo, 520 km east of Belo Horizonte
           Means of access                             Public road
                                                       Iron ore pellets exported via Samarco port facilities – Ubu Port
           Type and amount of ownership                BHP Brasil 50%
                                                       Vale S.A. 50%
           Operator                                    Samarco Mineração S.A.
           Title, leases or options and acreage        Mining concessions granted by Brazilian Government subject to compliance with the mine plan
           involved
                                                       Samarco recommenced iron ore pellet production in December 2020, having met licensing requirements to
                                                       restart operations at its Germano complex in Minas Gerais and its Ubu complex in Espírito Santo
                                                       Mining rights for approximately 1,605 hectares
           History and stage of property               Production stage
                                                       Production began at Germano mine in 1977 and at Alegria complex in 1992
                                                       Second pellet plant built in 1997
                                                       Third pellet plant, second concentrator and second pipeline built in 2008




For personal use only
                                                       Fourth pellet plant, third concentrator and third pipeline built in 2014
           Key permit conditions                       Samarco has an operating licence (LOC – Corrective Operating License) obtained for the return of
                                                       operations
                                                       For the continuity of operations, it has a long-term licensing plan that includes expansion of the mining area
                                                       and new structures for the disposal of waste and tailings
           Mine type & mineralisation style            Open-cut
                                                       Itabirites (metamorphic quartz-hematite rock) and friable hematite ores
           Power source                                Samarco holds interests in 2 hydroelectric power plants, which supply part of its electricity needs. The
                                                       remainder is purchased from the free (non-regulated) electricity market
           Processing plants and other available       Facilities currently operating include 1 concentrator, a system of tailings disposal combining a confined pit
           facilities                                  and filtration plant for dry stacking of sandy tailings, beneficiation plants, pipelines, 1 pellet plant and port
                                                       facilities
                                                       Following Samarco’s plan to gradually restart operations, the restart of a second concentrator and pelletising
                                                       plant, and expansion of the existing filtration plant are expected to be in operation by early CY2025
           
                                                                                      192
           Other mining operations
           The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.3 and the production table
           and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 6.
           
           Mine & location

           Jansen (under construction)                 Province of Saskatchewan, approximately 140 km east of Saskatoon, Canada
           Means of access                             Public road
                                                       Muriate of Potash (MOP) to be transported by rail to the port at Westshore Terminal in Delta, British
                                                       Columbia, Canada

           Type and amount of ownership                BHP 100%
           Operator                                    BHP
           Title, leases or options and acreage        The total area of the Jansen lease is approximately 1,120 square km
           involved
                                                       All surface lands have been acquired
           History and stage of property               Development stage
                                                       Stage 1 is currently under construction
                                                       Stage 2 was sanctioned and execution commenced in FY2024
           Key permit conditions                       The Jansen Project received Ministerial approval under the Saskatchewan Environmental Assessment Act
                                                       Following approval, various federal, provincial and municipal permits have been or will be obtained for
                                                       construction and operation of facilities
           Mine type & mineralisation style            Underground
                                                       The Lower Patience Lake (LPL) sub-member is the potash horizon targeted for Jansen. The LPL
                                                       sub-member is a bedded evaporite composed of sylvite (KCl), halite (NaCl) with variable amounts of
                                                       disseminated insoluble and clay seams




For personal use only
           Power source                                Electricity transmitted via BHP’s 230 kV substation and upstream provincial power utility system
           Processing plants and other available       Mill, buildings and other facilities and infrastructure are under construction
           facilities
           
                                                                                     193
           Mine & location

           Pedra Branca                            Água Azul do Norte, Pará
                                                   Approximately 160 km from Marabá and 900 km from Belém in the state of Pará, Brazil
           Means of access                         Public road
                                                   From Água Azul to Parauapebas from highway (PA 150) to be transported by train to the port of Itaqui in
                                                   São Luiz, state of Maranhão, Brazil
           Type and amount of ownership            BHP 100%
           Operator                                OZ Minerals Brasil
           Title, leases or options and acreage    The property belongs to OZ Minerals Brasil
           involved
           History and stage of property           2018 – OZ Minerals acquired mine operator Avanco Resources – including projects in the Carajás Copper
                                                   Region and the Gurupi Greenstone Belt
                                                   2019 – Construction commenced
                                                   2020 – First developmental ore sent to Antas for processing
                                                   2021 – Commencement of underground mining in Pedra Branca and inaugural resource identification
                                                   announcement in Santa Lúcia
                                                   2022 – Ramped up to full production
                                                   2023 – Acquisition of OZ Minerals by BHP
                                                   2024 – Santa Lucia project permitting process granted by SEMAS—environment Agency of Pará State
           Key permit conditions                   The closure plan to be updated in accordance with requirement from ANM (n° 68/2021) when the life of
                                                   mine changes
                                                   Annual environmental report (RIAA) required to be submitted in accordance with the activities developed




For personal use only
                                                   for the mine production
           Mine type & mineralisation style        Underground
                                                   Iron oxide copper gold deposit. High grade zones of semi-massive and breccia style mineralisation.
                                                   Dominant chalcopyrite (copper mineralisation)
           Power source                            3MW required to operate mine coming from power lines from north of state (Tucurui hydroelectric plant).
                                                   The expansion required is in progress with new lines to achieve 7MW
           Processing plants and other available   The material is processed in Antas Norte Plant located in the municipality of Curionópolis
           facilities
                                                   Plant capacity is 800 ktpa and the tailings are deposited in the exhausted mine existing on site
                                                   Mill, buildings and other facilities and infrastructure are in the Curionópolis municipality
           
                                                                                  194
           2            Financial information summary
           We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International
           Accounting Standards Board. We publish our Consolidated Financial Statements in US dollars. All Consolidated Income Statement, Consolidated
           Balance Sheet and Consolidated Cash Flow Statement information below has been derived from audited Financial Statements. For more information
           refer to the Financial Statements.

           Some information in this section has been presented on a Continuing operations basis to exclude the contribution from Discontinued operations.
           
          Year ended 30 June
          US$M                                                                                                             2024       2023     2022       2021        2020
          Consolidated Income Statement (Financial Statements 1.1)
          Revenue                                                                                                        55,658     53,817   65,098     56,921      38,924
          Profit from operations                                                                                         17,537     22,932   34,106     25,515      13,683
          Profit after taxation from Continuing operations                                                                9,601     14,324   22,400     13,676       8,628
          Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations                                                           –          –   10,655       (225)        108
          Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations attributable to BHP
             shareholders (Attributable profit)                                                                           7,897     12,921   30,900     11,304       7,956
          Profit after taxation from Continuing operations attributable to BHP shareholders                               7,897     12,921   20,245     11,529       7,848
          Dividends per ordinary share – paid during the period (US cents)                                                152.0      265.0    350.0      156.0       143.0
          Dividends per ordinary share – determined in respect of the period (US cents)                                   146.0      170.0    325.0      301.0       120.0
          In specie dividend on merger of Petroleum with Woodside (US cents)                                                  –          –    386.4          –           –
          Basic earnings per ordinary share (US cents)1                                                                   155.8      255.2    610.6      223.5       157.3
          Diluted earnings per ordinary share (US cents)1                                                                 155.5      254.7    609.3      223.0       157.0
          Basic earnings from Continuing operations per ordinary share (US cents)1                                        155.8      255.2    400.0      228.0       155.2
          Diluted earnings from Continuing operations per ordinary share (US cents)1                                      155.5      254.7    399.2      227.5       154.8
          Number of ordinary shares (million)1
          - At period end                                                                                                 5,072      5,066     5,062      5,058      5,058




For personal use only
          - Weighted average                                                                                              5,068      5,064     5,061      5,057      5,057
          - Diluted                                                                                                       5,077      5,073     5,071      5,068      5,069
          Consolidated Balance Sheet (Financial Statements 1.3)2
          Total assets                                                                                                  102,362   101,296    95,166    108,927     105,733
          Net assets                                                                                                     49,120    48,530    48,766     55,605      52,175
          Share capital (including share premium)                                                                         4,899     4,737     4,638      2,686       2,686
          Total equity attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                  44,811    44,496    44,957     51,264      47,865
          Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Financial Statements 1.4)
          Net operating cash flows3                                                                                      20,665     18,701   32,174     27,234      15,706
          Capital and exploration expenditure4,5                                                                          9,273      7,083    7,545      7,120       7,640
          Other financial information (OFR 10)
          Net debt5                                                                                                       9,120     11,166      333      4,121      12,044
          Underlying attributable profit5                                                                                13,660     13,420   23,815     17,077       9,060
          Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations5                                                        13,660     13,420   21,319     16,985       8,948
          Underlying EBITDA5                                                                                             29,016     27,956   40,634     35,073      19,870
          Underlying EBIT5                                                                                               23,631     22,820   34,436     29,853      15,130
          Underlying basic earnings per share (US cents)5                                                                 269.5      265.0    470.6      337.7       179.2
          Underlying basic earnings per share – Continuing operations (US cents)5                                         269.5      265.0    421.2      335.9       176.9
          Underlying return on capital employed (per cent)5                                                                27.2       28.8     48.7       32.5        16.9
           
           1.            For more information on earnings per share refer to Financial Statements note 7 ‘Earnings per share’.
           
           2.            The Consolidated Balance Sheet for comparative periods includes the associated assets and liabilities in relation to Blackwater and Daunia mines
                         (disposed in FY2024), Petroleum (merger with Woodside in FY2022), BMC and Cerrejón (both disposed in FY2022) as IFRS 5 ‘Non-current
                         Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations’ does not require the Consolidated Balance Sheet to be restated for comparative periods.
           
           3.            Net operating cash flows are after dividends received, net interest paid, proceeds and settlements of cash management related instruments, net
                         taxation paid and includes Net operating cash flows from Discontinued operations.
           
           4.            Capital and exploration and evaluation expenditure is presented on a cash basis and represents purchases of property, plant and equipment plus
                         exploration and evaluation expenditure from the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement and includes purchases of property, plant and equipment plus
                         exploration and evaluation expenditure from Discontinued operations. For more information refer to Financial Statements note 28 ‘Discontinued
                         operations’. Exploration and evaluation expenditure is capitalised in accordance with our accounting policies, as set out in Financial Statements
                         note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’.
           
           5.            We use non-IFRS financial information to reflect the underlying performance of the Group. Underlying attributable profit, Underlying basic
                         earnings per share and Underlying return on capital employed includes Continuing and Discontinued operations. Refer to OFR 10 for a
                         reconciliation of non-IFRS financial information to their respective IFRS measure. Refer to OFR 10.1 for the definition and method of calculation
                         of non-IFRS financial information. Refer to Financial Statements note 21 ‘Net debt’ for the composition of Net debt.
           
                                                                                             195
           3            Financial information by commodity
           Management believes the following financial information presented by commodity provides a meaningful indication of the underlying financial
           performance of the assets, including equity accounted investments, of each reportable segment. Information relating to assets that are accounted for as
           equity accounted investments is shown to reflect BHP’s share, unless otherwise noted, to provide insight into the drivers of these assets.

           For the purposes of this financial information, segments are reported on a statutory basis in accordance with IFRS 8/AASB 8 ‘Operating Segments’. The
           tables for each commodity include an ‘adjustment for equity accounted investments’ to reconcile the equity accounted results to the statutory segment
           results.

           For a reconciliation of non-IFRS financial information to respective IFRS measures and an explanation as to the use of Underlying EBITDA in assessing
           our performance refer to OFR 10. For the definition and method of calculation of non-IFRS financial information refer to OFR 10.1. For more
           information as to the statutory determination of our reportable segments refer to Financial Statements note 1 ‘Segment reporting’.
           
           Year ended                                                                                         Net
           30 June 2024                                     Underlying     Underlying       Exceptional    operating      Capital      Exploration    Exploration
           US$M                               Revenue2      EBITDA3          EBIT3            items4        assets3     expenditure       gross        to profit5
           Copper
              Escondida                          10,013           5,759          4,821                       13,113           1,806
              Pampa Norte6                        2,375             896            468                        4,843             721
              Antamina7                           1,478             968            746                        1,498             437
              Copper South Australia8             4,085           1,568            928                       16,498           1,048
              Other7                                 72            (176)          (228)                         416             136
           Total Copper from Group
              production                         18,023           9,015          6,735               –       36,368           4,148
              Third-party products                2,021              74             74               –            –               –
           Total Copper                          20,044           9,089          6,809               –       36,368           4,148            216             215
              Adjustment for equity




For personal use only
                 accounted investments7          (1,478)           (525)          (285)              –            –            (437)            (3)             (2)
           Total Copper statutory result         18,566           8,564          6,524               –       36,368           3,711            213             213
           Iron Ore
              Western Australia Iron Ore         27,805         18,964          16,902                       20,597           2,026
              Samarco9                                –              –               –                       (6,606)              –
              Other                                 122            (48)            (74)                        (179)              7
           Total Iron Ore from Group
              production                         27,927         18,916          16,828           (3,066)     13,812           2,033
              Third-party products                   25             (3)             (3)               –           –               –
           Total Iron Ore                        27,952         18,913          16,825           (3,066)     13,812           2,033              86             41
              Adjustment for equity
                 accounted investments                –              –               –                –           –               –               –              –
           Total Iron Ore statutory result       27,952         18,913          16,825           (3,066)     13,812           2,033              86             41
           Coal
              BHP Mitsubishi Alliance10            5,873          1,914          1,394                         6,725           533
              New South Wales Energy
                 Coal11                            1,945            502            408                          (211)          100
              Other                                    –            (27)           (50)                          (42)           14
           Total Coal from Group
              production                           7,818          2,389          1,752             880         6,472           647
              Third-party products                     –              –              –               –             –             –
           Total Coal                              7,818          2,389          1,752             880         6,472           647               14                  3
              Adjustment for equity
                 accounted investments11            (152)           (99)           (75)              –             –            (1)               –                  –
           Total Coal statutory result             7,666          2,290          1,677             880         6,472           646               14                  3
           Group and unallocated items
              Potash                                   –           (255)          (257)                        6,138          1,090               1              1
              Western Australia Nickel12           1,473           (302)          (374)                           (6)         1,254              50             58
              Other13                                  1           (194)          (764)                       (1,421)            82              93             93
           Total Group and unallocated
              items                               1,474           (751)         (1,395)          (3,908)      4,711           2,426            144             152
           Inter-segment adjustment                   –              –               –                –           –               –              –               –
           Total Group                           55,658         29,016          23,631           (6,094)     61,363           8,816            457             409
           
                                                                                      196
           Year ended                                                                                                   Net
           30 June 2023                                                     Underlying    Underlying   Exceptional    operating     Capital     Exploration   Exploration
           US$M                                                 Revenue2    EBITDA3         EBIT3        items4        assets3    expenditure     gross        to profit
           Copper
              Escondida                                            8,847         4,934        4,070                    12,207          1,351
              Pampa Norte6                                         2,491           754          244                     4,487            647
              Antamina7                                            1,468           998          824                     1,430            374
              Copper South Australia8                              2,806           703          251                    15,782            641
              Other7                                                  20          (209)        (228)                      323             59
           Total Copper from Group production                     15,632         7,180        5,161              –     34,229          3,072
              Third-party products                                 1,863            18           18              –          –              –
           Total Copper                                           17,495         7,198        5,179              –     34,229          3,072           151           148
              Adjustment for equity accounted
                investments7                                      (1,468)         (545)        (369)             –          –           (374)           (6)           (3)
           Total Copper statutory result                          16,027         6,653        4,810              –     34,229          2,698           145           145
           Iron Ore
              Western Australia Iron Ore                          24,678       16,660        14,663                    20,438          1,956
              Samarco9                                                 –            –             –                    (3,382)             –
              Other                                                  113           33             9                      (100)            10
           Total Iron Ore from Group production                   24,791       16,693        14,672           176      16,956          1,966
              Third-party products                                    21           (1)           (1)            –           –              –
           Total Iron Ore                                         24,812       16,692        14,671           176      16,956          1,966            96               52
              Adjustment for equity accounted
                investments                                            –            –             –             –           –              –             –                –
           Total Iron Ore statutory result                        24,812       16,692        14,671           176      16,956          1,966            96               52
           Coal
              BHP Mitsubishi Alliance10                            7,652         3,197        2,572                      7,545           488




For personal use only
              New South Wales Energy Coal11                        3,455         1,953        1,868                       (243)          156
              Other                                                    –           (39)         (57)                       (36)           13
           Total Coal from Group production                       11,107         5,111        4,383              –       7,266           657
              Third-party products                                     –             –            –              –           –             –
           Total Coal                                             11,107         5,111        4,383              –       7,266           657            13               6
              Adjustment for equity accounted
                investments11                                       (149)         (113)         (88)             –           –             –             –                –
           Total Coal statutory result                            10,958         4,998        4,295              –       7,266           657            13                6
           Group and unallocated items
              Potash                                                   –         (205)         (207)                    4,469            647             1             1
              Western Australia Nickel12                           2,009          162            55                     2,255            683            52            48
              Other13                                                 11         (344)         (804)                   (1,295)            82            43            42
           Total Group and unallocated items                       2,020         (387)         (956)          (64)      5,429          1,412            96            91
           Inter-segment adjustment                                    –            –             –             –           –              –             –             –
           Total Group                                            53,817       27,956        22,820           112      63,880          6,733           350           294
           
           1.           Group profit before taxation comprised Underlying EBITDA of US$29,016 million (FY2023: US$27,956 million), exceptional items,
                        depreciation, amortisation and impairments of US$11,479 million (FY2023: US$5,024 million) and net finance costs of US$1,489 million
                        (FY2023: US$1,531 million).
           
           2.           Total revenue from thermal coal sales, including BMA and NSWEC, was US$1,873 million (FY2023: US$3,528 million).
           
           3.           For more information on the reconciliation of non-IFRS financial information to our statutory measures, reasons for usefulness and calculation
                        methodology, please refer OFR 10 ‘Non-IFRS financial information’.
           
           4.           Excludes exceptional items relating to Net finance costs US$506 million and Income tax benefit US$837 million (FY2023: Net finance costs
                        US$452 million and Income tax expense US$266 million).
           
           5.           Includes US$10 million (FY2023:US$ nil) of exploration expenditure previously capitalised, written off as impaired (included in depreciation and
                        amortisation).
           
           6.           Includes Spence and Cerro Colorado. Cerro Colorado entered temporary care and maintenance in December 2023.
           
           7.           Antamina, SolGold and Resolution (the latter two included in Other) are equity accounted investments and their financial information presented
                        above with the exception of net operating assets reflects BHP Group’s share. Group and Copper level information is reported on a statutory basis
                        which reflects the application of the equity accounting method in preparing the Group financial statements – in accordance with IFRS. Underlying
                        EBITDA of the Group and the Copper segment, includes D&A, net finance costs and taxation expense of US$525 million (FY2023: US$545
                        million) related to equity accounted investments.
           
                                                                                            197
           8.            Includes Olympic Dam as well as Prominent Hill and Carrapateena which were acquired on 2 May 2023 as part of the acquisition of OZL.
           
           9.            Samarco is an equity accounted investment. With the exception of net operating assets, the financial information presented reflects BHP Billiton
                         Brasil Ltda’s share. All financial impacts following the Samarco dam failure have been reported as exceptional items in both reporting periods.
           
           10.           On 2 April 2024 BHP and Mitsubishi Development Pty Ltd (MDP) completed the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines (which were
                         part of the BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA) to Whitehaven Coal. This resulted in a net after tax gain of US$674 million that has been recognised
                         as an exceptional item. BHP continued to report its share of profit and loss within the Coal Segment and asset tables until that date. Refer to
                         Financial Statements Note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for further information.
           
           11.           Includes Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group (NCIG) which is an equity accounted investment and its financial information presented above,
                         with the exception of net operating assets, reflects BHP Group’s share. Total Coal statutory result excludes contribution related to NCIG until
                         future profits exceed accumulated losses.
           
           12.           Western Australia Nickel comprises the Nickel West operations and, following the OZL acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project.
           
           13.           Other includes functions, other unallocated operations including legacy assets and consolidation adjustments. Revenue not attributable to
                         reportable segments comprises the sale of freight and fuel to third parties, as well as revenues from unallocated operations. Exploration and
                         technology activities are recognised within relevant segments.


           4            Production
           The table below details our mineral and derivative product production for all operations for the three years ended 30 June 2024, 2023 and 2022. Unless
           otherwise stated, the production numbers represent our share of production and include BHP’s share of production from which profit is derived from our
           equity accounted investments. Production information for equity accounted investments is included to provide insight into the operational performance
           of these entities.


           For information on minerals pricing during the past three years refer to OFR 9
           




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                              BHP share of production1
                                                                                                                           BHP interest          Year ended 30 June
                                                                                                                               %              2024      2023      2022
           Copper2
           Payable metal in concentrate (kt)
               Escondida, Chile3                                                                                                    57.5       926.7       832.7         802.6
               Pampa Norte, Chile4                                                                                                  100        150.3       125.3         111.2
               Copper South Australia, Australia5                                                                                   100        106.3        19.9
               Antamina, Peru6                                                                                                     33.75       143.9       138.4         149.9
               Carajás, Brazil7                                                                                                     100          8.4         1.6
               Total                                                                                                                         1,335.6     1,117.9     1,063.7
           Cathode (kt)
               Escondida, Chile3                                                                                                     57.5      198.6       222.6       201.4
               Pampa Norte, Chile4                                                                                                   100       115.3       163.5       170.0
               Copper South Australia, Australia5                                                                                    100       215.7       212.5       138.4
               Total                                                                                                                           529.6       598.6       509.8
           Total copper (kt)                                                                                                                 1,865.2     1,716.5     1,573.5
           Lead
           Payable metal in concentrate (t)
               Antamina, Peru6                                                                                                     33.75         332         657         1,118
               Total                                                                                                                             332         657         1,118
           
                                                                                              198
                                                                            BHP share of production1
                                                           BHP interest       Year ended 30 June
                                                               %           2024      2023       2022
           Zinc
           Payable metal in concentrate (t)
                Antamina, Peru6                                   33.75   103,392   125,048   123,200
                Total                                                     103,392   125,048   123,200
           Gold
           Payable metal in concentrate (troy oz)
                Escondida, Chile3                                  57.5   181,061   189,095   166,972
                Pampa Norte, Chile4                                100     13,280    26,811    28,870
                Copper South Australia, Australia5                 100    163,061    32,736
                Carajás, Brazil7                                   100      5,813     1,153
                Total                                                     363,215   249,795   195,842
           Refined gold (troy oz)
                Copper South Australia, Australia5                 100    207,123   186,029   119,517
                Total                                                     207,123   186,029   119,517
           Total gold (troy oz)                                           570,338   435,824   315,359
           Silver
           Payable metal in concentrate (troy koz)
                Escondida, Chile3                                  57.5     5,446     5,074     5,334
                Pampa Norte, Chile4                                100      1,654     1,318     1,011
                Copper South Australia, Australia5                 100      1,134       201
                Antamina, Peru6                                   33.75     3,359     3,885     5,078
                Total                                                      11,593    10,478    11,423
           Refined silver (troy koz)
                Copper South Australia, Australia5                 100        995     1,089       743




For personal use only
                Total                                                         995     1,089       743
           Total silver (troy koz)                                         12,588    11,567    12,166
           Uranium
           Payable metal in concentrate (t)
                Copper South Australia, Australia5                 100      3,603     3,406     2,375
                Total                                                       3,603     3,406     2,375
           Molybdenum
           Payable metal in concentrate (t)
                Pampa Norte, Chile4                                100        794       990        71
                Antamina, Peru6                                   33.75     1,822     1,172       798
                Total                                                       2,616     2,162       869
           Iron Ore
           Production (kt)8
                Newman Joint Venture, Australia                     85     58,102    56,945    57,041
                Area C Joint Venture, Australia                     85    105,868   107,375    94,431
                Yandi Joint Venture, Australia                      85     17,855    21,410    38,922
                Jimblebar, Australia9                               85     73,111    66,801    58,782
                Total Western Australia Iron Ore                          254,936   252,531   249,176
                Samarco, Brazil6                                    50      4,748     4,512     4,071
                Total iron ore                                            259,684   257,043   253,247
           
                                                     199
                                                                                 BHP share of production1
                                                                  BHP interest      Year ended 30 June
                                                                      %          2024      2023      2022
           Steelmaking coal
           Production (kt)10
                Blackwater, Australia 11                                   50     3,572    5,055     5,834
                Goonyella Riverside, Australia                             50     6,434    8,310     8,360
                Peak Downs, Australia                                      50     4,217    5,480     4,944
                Saraji, Australia                                          50     3,287    4,596     4,614
                Daunia, Australia11                                        50     1,513    1,989     1,491
                Caval Ridge, Australia                                     50     3,252    3,590     3,899
                Total BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA)                              22,275   29,020    29,142
                South Walker Creek, Australia12                            80         –        –     4,941
                Poitrel, Australia12                                       80         –        –     2,981
                Total BHP Mitsui Coal12                                               –        –     7,922
                Total steelmaking coal                                           22,275   29,020    37,064
           Energy coal
           Production (kt)
                New South Wales Energy Coal, Australia                     100   15,368   14,172    13,701
                Cerrejón, Colombia6,13                                    33.3      —          –     4,236
                Total energy coal                                                15,368   14,172    17,937
           Nickel
           Saleable production (kt)
                Western Australia Nickel, Australia14, 15                 100      81.6     80.0      76.8
                Total                                                              81.6     80.0      76.8
           Cobalt
           Saleable production (t)




For personal use only
                Western Australia Nickel, Australia14, 15                 100      734       752       632
                Total                                                              734       752       632
           
                                                            200
           
           1.           BHP share of production includes the Group’s share of production for which profit is derived from our equity accounted investments, unless
                        otherwise stated.
           
           2.           Metal production is reported on the basis of payable metal.
           
           3.           Shown on 100 per cent basis. BHP interest in saleable production is 57.5 per cent.
           
           4.           Includes Spence for the full year and Cerro Colorado which entered temporary care and maintenance in December 2023.
           
           5.           The year ended 30 June 2024 includes Olympic Dam, Prominent Hill and Carrapateena. The year ended 30 June 2023 includes Olympic Dam and
                        two months of production from Prominent Hill and Carrapateena from 1 May 2023, following the acquisition of OZ Minerals on 2 May 2023.
           
           6.           For statutory financial reporting purposes, this is an equity accounted investment. We have included production numbers from our equity
                        accounted investments as the level of production and operating performance from these operations impacts Underlying EBITDA of the Group.
                        Our use of Underlying EBITDA is explained in OFR 4.3.
           
           7.           The year ended 30 June 2023 includes two months of production from 1 May 2023, following the acquisition of OZ Minerals on 2 May 2023.
           
           8.           Iron ore production is reported on a wet tonnes basis.
           
           9.           Shown on 100 per cent basis. BHP interest in saleable production is 85 per cent.
           
           10.          Steelmaking coal production is reported on the basis of saleable product. Production figures may include some thermal coal.
           
           11.          BHP completed the sale of the Blackwater and Daunia mines on 2 April 2024. Production reported until their divestment on 2 April 2024.
           
           12.          Shown on 100 per cent basis. BHP completed the sale of its 80 per cent interest in BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) on 3 May 2022. Production reported
                        until 30 April 2022.
           
           13.          BHP completed the sale of our 33.3 per cent interest in Cerrejón on 11 January 2022. Production for Cerrejón reported until 31 December 2021.
           
           14.          Nickel contained in matte and refined nickel metal, including briquette, powder, nickel sulphate and by-product streams.




For personal use only
           
           15.          On 11 July 2024, we announced the temporary suspension of operations at Western Australia Nickel from October 2024, with a transition period
                        to commence from July 2024.


           5 Major projects
           Jansen Stage 1 (JS1) is 52 per cent complete and remains on track for first production in late CY2026 with a two year ramp up period. The engineering
           work and execution of procurement agreements is largely complete. In FY2025, underground and surface construction works will continue, including
           structural, mechanical and electrical activities for the mill areas. We also expect to complete the conversion of the service shaft headframe to a
           permanent structure. In FY2025, we estimate capex of US$1.3 billion for JS1 (FY2024: US$0.9 billion).

           In October 2023, we approved an investment of US$4.9 billion for Jansen Stage 2 (JS2), which when combined with JS1, will increase our total planned
           potash production capacity to approximately 8.5 Mtpa representing around 10 per cent of the estimated market when fully ramped up. JS2 execution
           activity has now commenced and is 2 per cent complete, with first production expected in FY2029, followed by a three year ramp up period. In FY2025,
           the focus will be on detailed engineering, procurement for major equipment and construction packages, and structural steel fabrication. In FY2025, we
           estimate capex of US$0.5 billion for JS2 (FY2024: US$0.2 billion).
           
           
                                                                                                                              Capital         First
                                   Project and                                                                              expenditure    production
           Commodity                ownership       Project scope/capacity                                                    US$M         target date    Progress
           Potash                 Jansen Stage 1    Design, engineering and construction of an underground potash              5,723      End-CY2026     Project is 52%
                                  (Canada)          mine and surface infrastructure, with capacity to produce 4.15 Mtpa                                     complete
                                  100%
           Potash                                   Development of additional mining districts, completion of the              4,859         FY2029        Project is 2%
                                  Jansen Stage 2    second shaft hoist infrastructure, expansion of processing facilities                                    complete
                                  (Canada)          and addition of rail cars to facilitate production of an incremental
                                  100%              4.36 Mtpa

           Capital and exploration expenditure was US$9.3 billion in FY2024. This was made up of investment in organic development of US$5.9 billion, which
           includes approximately US$2.7 billion on copper projects and approximately US$1.1 billion at Jansen, plus an exploration spend of US$0.5 billion
           primarily at Copper South Australia; and maintenance1 and decarbonisation expenditure of US$3.0 billion with US$1.2 billion sustaining capital at
           WAIO to support our medium-term goal of producing >305 Mtpa. In July this year, we signed an agreement with Lundin Mining to jointly acquire Filo
           Corp. and to enter a joint venture with the intent of developing the Filo del Sol and Josemaria copper projects.

           Capital and exploration expenditure of approximately US$10 billion is expected for FY2025, including approximately US$0.5 billion of exploration. In
           FY2026 and the medium term,2 capital and exploration expenditure of approximately US$11 billion per annum on average is expected. We have
           flexibility to adjust capital spend and phasing of projects to accommodate market dynamics and cash flow generation. Guidance is subject to exchange
           rate movements.
           
           1.           Maintenance capital includes non-discretionary spend for the following purposes: deferred development and production stripping; risk reduction,
                        compliance and asset integrity.
           
           2.           Average for FY2027–FY2029.
           
                                                                                              201
           6            Mineral resources and mineral reserves
           Our mineral resources and mineral reserves presented in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with US Securities and Exchange
           Commission (SEC) regulations Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K (S-K 1300).

           Mineral resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth’s crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity
           that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralisation, taking into account relevant
           factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions,
           is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralisation drilled or sampled.

           Our mineral resources have been classified as measured, indicated or inferred depending on the level of geological certainty and confidence in the
           estimates, as defined in Item 1300 of S-K 1300.

           Mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person,
           can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource,
           which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted.

           Our mineral reserves have been classified as proven and probable depending on the mineral resource classification and level of confidence in the
           assumptions, as defined in Item 1300 of S-K 1300.

           To estimate mineral reserves, assumptions are required about a range of technical and economic factors, including quantities, qualities, production and
           processing techniques, recovery efficiency, production and transport costs, commodity supply and demand, commodity prices and exchange rates.
           Estimating the quantity and/or quality of mineral reserves requires the size, shape and depth of ore bodies to be determined by analysing geological data
           such as drilling samples and geophysical survey interpretations. Economic assumptions used to estimate reserves may change from period to period as
           additional technical, financial and operational data becomes available.

           Our mineral resources and mineral reserves are constrained to tenure that we have rights to. Our mineral leases are of sufficient duration (or convey a
           legal right to renew for sufficient duration) to enable all reserves on the leased properties to be mined in accordance with current production schedules.
           Reserves may include areas where some additional approvals remain outstanding, however it is anticipated these approvals will be obtained within the




For personal use only
           timeframe required by the current life of mine schedules.


           Presentation of mineral resources and mineral reserves
           Mineral resources and mineral reserves are presented at the proportion attributable to our economic interest and represent estimates as at 30 June 2024.
           Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves. The specific point of reference and commodity prices defining the mineral resources and
           mineral reserves estimates are provided in the footnotes associated with each of the mineral resources and mineral reserves tables. Quantities of mineral
           reserves and mineral resources are reported in million metric tonnes (Mt). Tonnes are reported as dry metric tonnes (unless otherwise stated). All tonnes
           and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals. Refer to the glossary for definitions of technical terms
           relating to mineral resources, mineral reserves, geology, mining or related matters and abbreviations.

           Our mineral resources and mineral reserves presented in this annual report differ from the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves we report in our home
           jurisdiction of Australia. The jurisdiction of Australia requires reporting in accordance with the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) listing rules and the
           Australasian Code for reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, December 2012 (the JORC Code).

           A key difference in the estimation of our resources and reserves pursuant to the ASX listing rules and S-K 1300 are the economic inputs, commodity
           prices and cost assumptions. Estimates we report in accordance with the ASX listing rules are generally based on cost forecasts and internally-generated,
           projected long-term commodity prices and current operating costs or costs used in studies for development projects.

           S-K 1300 requires mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates to be based on reasonable and justifiable commodity prices selected by a qualified
           person. Further, the prices must provide a reasonable basis for establishing the prospects of economic extraction for mineral resources. Commodity price
           estimates included in this report are based on historical average commodity prices, which may differ from the price estimates used in the estimation of
           our resources and reserves pursuant to the ASX listing rules. Our mineral resources are based on the third-quartile average monthly prices over the
           timeframe of 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023, unless otherwise stated. Our mineral reserves are based on the second-quartile average monthly prices over
           the timeframe of 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023, unless otherwise stated. Exceptions are described in the footnotes associated with each of the mineral
           resources or mineral reserves tables below.
           
                                                                                       202
           Unless otherwise stated, the estimates included in this report are based on average costs over the timeframe of 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023 for
           production-stage properties or, for development-stage properties, costs are determined from first principles.

           For non-operated properties that we have an economic interest in, the commodity prices and costs used are as the operator has advised.

           The qualified persons consider that the use of historic prices and costs are appropriate to demonstrate economic viability of the mineral resources and
           mineral reserves. The prices are factual and the time interval is of sufficient duration to consider a range of price fluctuations. The commodity prices
           used to estimate the mineral resources and mineral reserves are included as footnotes to the mineral resources and mineral reserves tables below.


           Internal controls and assurance programs
           We have internal controls over our mineral resources and mineral reserves estimation efforts that are designed to produce reasonable and reliable
           estimates aligned with industry practice and our regulatory reporting requirements. The governance for our estimation efforts is located at both the asset
           and the BHP Group level within our Resource Centre of Excellence, an internal assurance team independent of our qualified persons and BHP
           employees who are responsible for the estimations. The assets provide first line assurance on estimates through peer review and validation processes.
           The Resource Centre of Excellence is responsible for assurance over the processes implemented by the assets as they relate to mineral resources and
           mineral reserves estimations and the compiling of the mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates to be reported in accordance with S-K 1300.

           Our internal controls utilise management systems, including, but not limited to, formal quality assurance and quality control processes, standardised
           procedures, workflow processes, data security covering record keeping, chain of custody and data storage, supervision and management approval,
           reconciliations, internal and external reviews and audits.

           Our internal requirements and standards provide the basis for the governance over the estimation and reporting of mineral resources and mineral
           reserves and provide technical guidance to all reporting assets. These internal requirements and standards are periodically reviewed and updated for
           alignment with industry practice and reporting regulations.

           Our internal controls for exploration data, as they relate to mineral resources and mineral reserves estimations are managed by our operating assets with
           assurance provided by the Resource Centre of Excellence. These controls include, but are not limited to:




For personal use only
           
           •            Documented procedures and standards defining minimum requirements on critical aspects to support exploration and resource development
                        programs.
           
           •            Peer review of data collection including staged sign off by reviewers.
           
           •            Quality control checks on drill hole positions, collar and down hole surveys.
           
           •            Geological logs verified by either peer review or cross validation from other data sources, such as, sample analysis, downhole geophysical
                        logging, core photography or scanning technologies.
           
           •            Sample security protocols at all stages of handling, from sample collection, transportation, preparation and analysis, including the storage of core
                        or pulps post analysis.
           
           •            Industry standard practices for sample analysis quality control. Insertion of standards, duplicates, and blanks into sample batches at a frequency to
                        enable the assessment of analytical data quality.
           
           •            Commercial or internal laboratories site inspected periodically and their internal quality control data is reviewed. From time to time a selection of
                        samples are analysed at alternate laboratories to monitor laboratory performance.
           
           •            Quality control data reviewed at regular intervals to verify deviations to enable timely remediation.
           
           •            Quality assurance and quality control data validation and verification processes in place to support database integrity. This is based on automatic
                        routines inbuilt into the geological databases. Inconsistencies are reviewed, verified and where required rectified by the responsible geologist.
           
           •            Geological databases periodically audited from source data.
           
           •            Geological data is stored on servers in accordance with BHP security standards, which include controls relating to access and backup routines.
           
           •            Geological models, including interpretation and mineralisation domains, internally peer reviewed prior to estimation.

           Our internal controls for mineral resources and mineral reserves estimations include, but are not limited to:
           
           •            Source data review from database extracts, using exploratory data statistical analysis prior to use in the estimation of mineral resources.
                        Identification of data to exclude, outliers and visual checks against estimation domains.
           
           •            Peer reviews of the estimation inputs based on statistical studies and estimation parameters as applied in industry standard estimation software.
           
                                                                                              203
           •            Visual and statistical validation of the estimates against source data and where available reconciliation to previous models, operational models and
                        production data.
           
           •            Peer review of the classification applied, considering quantitative measures and qualitative considerations.
           
           •            Peer review of assumptions applied that convert resources to reserves.
           
           •            Independent audits or reviews for new or materially changed mineral resources and mineral reserves.

           Operating assets manage internal risk registers relating to uncertainties in the mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates to direct future work
           programs or estimation updates. These may include but are not limited to:
           
           •            Areas of uncertainty in the estimates impacting local interpretations.
           
           •            Bulk density assumptions, based on sample test work or operational results.
           
           •            Metallurgical recovery assumptions, based on test work or plant performance.
           
           •            Changes in commodity prices, costs and exchange rate assumptions.
           
           •            Geotechnical and hydrogeological considerations impacting on underground or open cut mining assumptions.
           
           •            Ore loss and dilution, mining selectivity and production rate assumptions.
           
           •            Cut-off value changes to meet product specifications.
           
           •            Changes in environmental, permitting and social license to operate assumptions.

           Further to assurance activities by the assets specifically relating to the estimation of mineral resources and mineral reserves, the Resource Centre of
           Excellence with subject matter experts have developed standards and guidelines across BHP for reviewing and documenting the information supporting
           our mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates, describing the methods used and verifying the reliability of such estimates. These activities are
           supported by the following controls:




For personal use only
           
           •            The reporting of mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates are required to follow BHP’s standard procedures for public reporting in
                        accordance with current regulatory requirements.
           
           •            Annual risk reviews are conducted with qualified persons and BHP employees on all mineral resources and mineral reserves to be reported.
                        Including year on year change impact assessment, reconciliation performance metrics for the operating mines and control assessment for the
                        estimation inputs. The information and supporting documentation is prepared by the applicable qualified persons relating to the estimates and is
                        evaluated for compliance with BHP’s internal controls. Based on these reviews, recommendations of endorsement are provided to our senior
                        management for the use and reporting of the mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates.
           
           •            Periodic internal technical ‘deep dive’ assessments of mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates are conducted on a frequency that is
                        informed by asset materiality and outcomes of the annual risk reviews.
           
           •            Management and closure reviews of actions assigned to qualified persons and BHP employees resulting from the annual risk reviews and
                        technical ‘deep dive’ assessments are conducted.
           
           •            Assurance is undertaken over the reporting documentation provided by qualified persons for public release and management and verification of
                        inputs into BHP mineral resources and mineral reserves reporting database.

           The Resource Centre of Excellence also provides an annual update on assurance activities and changes relating to our mineral resources and mineral
           reserves estimation efforts to the Risk and Audit Committee (RAC) in connection with the RAC’s responsibility over the effectiveness of systems of
           internal control and risk management of BHP.


           Inherent risks in the estimation of mineral resources and mineral reserves
           The estimation of our mineral resources and mineral reserves are largely based on historical average prices of the commodities we produce or intend to
           produce, primarily iron ore, copper, coal and potash. Estimated annual cash flows from our future operations, estimated production schedules, estimated
           capital expenditure and operating costs, estimated site closure costs, estimated royalty and tax costs, valuation assumptions and interpretations of
           geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques, all of which may not necessarily be indicative of future results. The
           assumptions and interpretations used to estimate our mineral resources and mineral reserves may change from period to period, and, because additional
           geological data generated during the course of our operations may not be consistent with the data on which we based our mineral resources and mineral
           reserves, such estimates may change from period to period or may need to be revised. No assurance can be given that our mineral resources or mineral
           reserves presented in this report will be recovered at the grade, quality or quantities presented or at all.

           There are numerous uncertainties inherent in the estimation of mineral resources and mineral reserves. Areas of uncertainty that may materially impact
           our mineral resources or mineral reserves estimates may include, but are not limited to: (i) changes to long-term commodity prices, external market
           factors, foreign exchange rates and other economic assumptions; (ii) changes in geological interpretations of mineral deposits and geological modelling,
           including estimation input parameters and techniques; (iii) changes to metallurgical or process recovery assumptions which adversely affect the volume,
           grade or qualities of our commodities produced (for example, processing that results in higher deleterious elements that result in penalties) or other
           changes to mining method assumptions; (iv) changes to input assumptions used to derive the potentially mineable shapes applicable to the assumed
           underground or open pit mining methods used to constrain the estimates; (v) changes to life of mine or production rate assumptions; (vi) changes to
           dilution and mining recovery assumptions; (vii) changes to cut-off grades applied to the estimates; (viii) changes to geotechnical data, structures, rock
           mass strength, stress regime, hydrogeological, hydrothermal or geothermal factors; (ix) changes to infrastructure supporting the operations of or access
           to the applicable mine site; (x) changes to mineral, surface, water or other natural resources rights; (xi) changes to royalty, taxes, environmental,
           permitting and social license assumptions in the jurisdictions in which we operate; and (xii) changes in capital or operating costs.
           
                                                                                                 204
           Additionally, the term “mineral resources” does not indicate recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves pursuant to S-K 1300. Estimates of
           mineral resources are subject to further exploration and evaluation of development and operating costs, grades, recoveries and other material factors,
           and, therefore, are subject to considerable uncertainty. Mineral resources do not meet the threshold for mineral reserve modifying factors, such as
           engineering, legal or economic feasibility, that would allow for the conversion to mineral reserves. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that our
           mineral resources not included in mineral reserves will become recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves.

           Refer to “Forward-looking statements” and the risk factors set out in OFR 8.1 for other factors that may affect our mineral resources and mineral
           reserves estimates.
           
                                                                                      205




For personal use only
                        6.1      Copper
                        Mineral resources
                        As at 30 June 2024
                        
                                                                           Measured Mineral Resources                         Indicated Mineral Resources                  Measured + Indicated Mineral Resources                     Inferred Mineral Resources
                                                          Mining Tonnage                Qualities                   Tonnage                 Qualities                   Tonnage                Qualities                    Tonnage                 Qualities
                        Copper1,2                         method   Mt      %Cu      g/tAu                             Mt       %Cu      g/tAu                             Mt    %Cu        g/tAu                              Mt      %Cu       g/tAu
                        Chile
                          Escondida3,4,5,6,7
                            Oxide                         OC         15     0.38         –       –         –            6.0    0.53          –       –         –             21   0.42          –      –            –          1.0     0.51         –        –        –
                            Mixed                         OC         –        –          –       –         –            16     0.48          –       –         –             16   0.48          –      –            –           12     0.45         –        –        –
                            Sulphide                      OC        296     0.43         –       –         –         1,420     0.54          –       –         –          1,720   0.52          –      –            –        5,510     0.53         –        –        –
                          Escondida Total                           311     0.43         –       –         –         1,450     0.54          –       –         –          1,760   0.52          –      –            –        5,520     0.53         –        –        –
                          Pampa Norte8                    OC        402     0.42         –       –         –           634     0.44          –       –         –          1,040   0.43          –      –            –          835     0.41         –        –        –
                        Brazil
                          Pedra Branca9                   UG        0.26    1.48        0.46                            3.1    1.58        0.41                             3.4   1.58        0.42                              5.1    1.48        0.37

                        Australia                                  Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu              g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu               g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu            g/tAg            Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu              g/tAg
                         Olympic Dam10                    UG        527 1.32     0.36 0.54                      2      372 1.30     0.36 0.47                       3      899 1.31     0.36 0.51                       2      190 1.44     0.41 0.63                      3

                                                                   Mt   %Cu         g/tAu   g/tAg                     Mt   %Cu         g/tAu   g/tAg                      Mt   %Cu        g/tAu   g/tAg                       Mt   %Cu         g/tAu   g/tAg
                            Prominent Hill & Carrapateena11 UG       80 0.86           0.39     3          –           430 0.50           0.25     2           –           510 0.56          0.28     2             –          360 0.37           0.26     2          –

                        Peru                                       Mt      %Cu      %Zn        g/tAg ppmMo            Mt      %Cu       %Zn       g/tAg ppmMo             Mt      %Cu      %Zn       g/tAg ppmMo              Mt      %Cu      %Zn        g/tAg ppmMo
                          Antamina12                      OC &
                                                          UG          77    0.76        0.38     10       180          150     0.87        0.70      12       190           227   0.83        0.59     11       190            400     1.03        0.57      11      170
                        Total copper                               1,400    0.81          –      –         –         3,040     0.62          –       –         –          4,440   0.68          –      –         –           7,310     0.56          –       –        –
                        
                        1        Mineral resources are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
                                 interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
                        
                        2        Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
                        
                        3        Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300.
                        
                        4        Escondida point of reference for the mineral resources was mine gate.
                        
                        5        Escondida mineral resources estimates were based on a copper price of US$4.29/lb.




For personal use only
                        
                        6        Escondida mineral resources cut-off criteria used was Oxide ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu; Mixed ≥ 0.30% Cu; Sulphide ≥ 0.25% Cu for mineralisation
                                 assigned to be processed via leaching or ≥ 0.30% Cu for mineralisation assigned to be processed via the concentrator.
                        
                        7        Escondida metallurgical recoveries were Oxide 62%; Mixed 42%; Sulphide 42% for material processed by sulphide leach, Sulphide 77% for
                                 material processed by Full Sal and Sulphider 85% for material processed via the concentrator.
                        
                        8        Pampa Norte, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Cerro Colorado and Spence deposits. The mineral resources estimates were based on a
                                 copper price of US$4.29/lb. The point of reference for the mineral resources was mine gate.
                        
                        9        Pedra Branca mineral resources, in which BHP has a 100% interest, were based on historic asset determined prices with a copper price of
                                 US$4.13/lb and gold price of US$1,650/oz. The point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
                        
                        10       Olympic Dam mineral resources estimates, in which BHP has a 100% interest, were based on a copper price of US$4.29/lb, uranium oxide price
                                 of US$49.74/lb, gold price of US$1,899/troy oz and silver price of US$25.33/troy oz. The point of reference for the mineral resources was mine
                                 gate, ex-processing.
                        
                        11       Prominent Hill & Carrapateena mineral resources estimates, in which BHP has a 100% interest, were based on historic asset determined prices
                                 with a copper price of US$3.40/lb, gold price of US$1450/troy oz and silver price of US$19/troy oz. The point of reference for the mineral
                                 resources was in situ.
                        
                        12       Antamina mineral resources estimates, in which BHP has a 33.75% interest, were based on a copper price of US$3.50/lb, zinc price of
                                 US$1.30/lb, silver price of US$24.60/troy oz and molybdenum price of US$13.30/lb. The point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
                        
                                                                                                                                  206
                    Mineral reserves
                    As at 30 June 2024
                    
                                                                     Proven Mineral Reserves                           Probable Mineral Reserves                       Total Mineral Reserves
                                                      Mining Tonnage            Qualities                      Tonnage             Qualities                   Tonnage            Qualities
                    Copper1                           method   Mt    %Cu                                         Mt     %Cu                                      Mt    %Cu
                    Chile
                     Escondida2,3,4,5,6
                        Full SaL                       OC          113      0.77       –     –        –             13    0.68       –      –         –            126    0.76       –     –        –
                        Sulphide                       OC        1,860      0.64       –     –        –            690    0.54       –      –         –          2,550    0.61       –     –        –
                        Sulphide Leach                 OC          701      0.39       –     –        –            152    0.40       –      –         –            853    0.39       –     –        –
                     Escondida Total                             2,670      0.58       –     –        –            855    0.52       –      –         –          3,530    0.57       –     –        –
                     Pampa Norte7                      OC          607      0.54       –     –        –            383    0.51       –      –         –            990    0.53       –     –        –

                    Brazil                                       Mt    %Cu         g/tAu                         Mt   %Cu        g/tAu                           Mt   %Cu        g/tAu
                      Pedra Branca8                    UG         0.31 1.65           0.49   –        –           2.6 2.07          0.53    –         –           2.9 2.03          0.52   –        –

                    Australia                                    Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu           g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu           g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu         g/tAg
                     Olympic Dam9                      UG         283 1.97     0.61 0.74                   5      268 1.73     0.57 0.59                   3      551 1.85     0.59 0.67                 4

                                                                 Mt        %Cu     g/tAu   g/tAg                 Mt   %Cu        g/tAu   g/tAg                   Mt   %Cu        g/tAu   g/tAg
                         Prominent Hill & Carrapateena10 UG           23    1.18      0.54     3      –           162 1.21          0.53     4        –           185 1.21          0.52     4      –

                    Peru                                         Mt        %Cu     %Zn   g/tAg ppmMo             Mt      %Cu     %Zn   g/tAg ppmMo               Mt      %Cu     %Zn   g/tAg ppmMo
                      Antamina11                       OC           39      0.92    0.49    10    290               27    1.01    0.95    13    230                 66    0.96    0.68    11    270
                    Total copper                                 3,620      0.69      –     –      –             1,700    0.78      –     –      –               5,320    0.72      –     –      –
                    
                    1        Mineral reserves are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest.
                             All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
                    
                    2        Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300.
                    
                    3        Escondida point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate.
                    
                    4




For personal use only
                             Escondida mineral reserves estimates were based on a copper price of US$4.03/lb.
                    
                    5        Escondida mineral reserves cut-off criteria used was Full SaL ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu. For Sulphide ≥ 0.30% Cu and where greater than the variable
                             cut-off of the concentrator. Sulphide ore is processed in the concentrator plants as a result of an optimised mine plan with consideration of
                             technical and economic parameters in order to maximise net present value. Sulphide Leach ≥ 0.25% Cu and 70% or less of copper contained in
                             chalcopyrite and lower than the variable cut-off grade. Sulphide leach ore is processed in the leaching plant as an alternative to the concentrator
                             process.
                    
                    6        Escondida metallurgical recoveries for Full SaL 76% (Oxide 62%, Mixed 42%, Sulphide 77%); Sulphide Leach 42%; Sulphide 85% for material
                             processed via the concentrator.
                    
                    7        Pampa Norte, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Spence deposit. The mineral reserves estimates were based on a copper price of
                             US$4.03/lb. The point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate.
                    
                    8        Pedra Branca mineral reserves estimates, in which BHP has a 100% interest, were based on historic asset determined prices with a copper price of
                             US$7,960/t and gold price of US$1,550/oz. The point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate.
                    
                    9        Olympic Dam mineral reserves estimates, in which BHP has a 100% interest, were based on a copper price of US$4.03/lb, uranium oxide price of
                             US$44.46/lb, gold price of US$1839/troy oz and silver price of US$23.88/troy oz. The point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate,
                             ex-processing.
                    
                    10       Prominent Hill & Carrapateena, in which BHP has a 100% interest, were based on historic asset determined prices with a copper price of
                             US$3.40/lb, gold price of US$1450/troy oz and silver price of US$19/troy oz. The point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate,
                             ex-processing.
                    
                    11       Antamina mineral reserves estimates, in which BHP has a 33.75% interest, were based on a copper price of US$3.50/lb, zinc price of US$1.10/lb,
                             silver price of US$21.50/troy oz and molybdenum price of US$11.10/lb. The point of reference for the mineral reserves was delivery to processing
                             plant.
                    
                                                                                                     207
           6.2          Escondida individual property disclosure
           6.2.1         Property description
           Escondida copper mine (Escondida) is a production stage property operated by Minera Escondida Limitada (MEL) consisting of Escondida and
           Escondida Norte deposits located in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile, approximately 170 km south-east of Antofagasta at an elevation of
           approximately 3,100 m above sea level.

           The location of the operations centred upon the two pits are listed and shown below.
           
           •            Escondida: Latitude 24°16’ S, Longitude 69° 04’ W
           
           •            Escondida Norte: Latitude 24°13’ S, Longitude 69° 03’ W

           




For personal use only
           6.2.2         Infrastructure
           All required infrastructure supporting the current mine plan including roads, rail and port, power and water supply is in place. Access to the property is
           via a company maintained private road available for public use from Antofagasta. The city of Antofagasta is serviced by the regional airport.

           The site infrastructure, centred on the two pits, includes three sulphide concentrator plants, two leaching process facilities, associated cathode production
           plant, tailings storage facility, along with support and service facilities.
           
                                                                                       208
           The nearby Coloso port facility receives copper concentrate via a pipeline from the mine site and processes this to a dry concentrate ready for
           stockpiling and loading via a dedicated concentrate ship loading facility. Both concentrate pipeline and port facilities are owned and operated by MEL.

           Additional third-party owned port infrastructure is located at Antofagasta, including rail, train unloading and ship loading facilities.

           Escondida utilises an existing privately owned railway system to transport copper cathode product from site and consumables to site through the ports of
           Antofagasta and Mejillones. Escondida owns a minor rail spur connecting the mine site into the publicly owned railway.

           The source of water for the mine, processing plants and supporting infrastructure is provided from two seawater desalination plants located at Punta
           Coloso, and pumping facilities to site via two pipelines. Water is recovered from the tailings dam for re-use in the concentrator plants.

           From January FY22 the total energy consumption of Escondida comes from renewable sources. This energy is provided through the current contracts of
           Enel and Colbún with an annual available consumption of 5.8 TWh/year. From FY25 onwards, Escondida is expected to have an available energy
           consumption of 6.0 TWh/year, due to the extension of the Colbún contract, which delivers energy from 100% renewable sources, supporting our goals to
           reduce CO2 emissions.

           The workforce is a combination of employees and contractors supporting the operations. Operational personnel reside on site in MEL accommodation
           and are sourced from Antofagasta or from other parts of Chile.


           6.2.3         Mineral tenure
           MEL holds a total of 764 mining concessions covering an area of 406,018 ha. There are 18 principal mining concessions that provide MEL with the
           right to explore and mine indefinitely, subject to payment of annual license fees. All leases were obtained through the legally established process in
           which judicial requests are presented to the Chilean state.
           
                                                                                                                                 Surface            Annual rent
           Lease name                                      Registered tenement holder                         Expiry date       area (ha)         and rate (UTM)1
           Alexis 1/1424                  Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              7,059                      705.9




For personal use only
           Amelia 1/1049                  Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              5,235                      523.5
           Catita 1/376                   Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              1,732                      173.2
           Claudia 1/70                   Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent                 557                      55.7
           Colorado 501/977               Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              2,385                      238.5
           Costa 1/1861                   Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              9,159                      915.9
           Donaldo 1/612                  Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              3,060                      306.0
           Ela 1/100                      Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent                 500                      50.0
           Gata 1 1/100                   Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent                 400                      40.0
           Gata 2 1/50                    Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent                 200                      20.0
           Guillermo 1/368                Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              1,785                      178.5
           Hole 14                        Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent                   1                       0.1
           Naty 1/46                      Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent                 230                      23.0
           Paola 1/3000                   Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent             15,000                    1,500.0
           Pista 1/22                     Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent                  22                       2.2
           Pistita 1/5                    Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent                   9                       0.9
           Ramón 1/640                    Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              3,200                      320.0
           Rola 1/1680                    Minera Escondida Ltda.                                            Permanent              8,400                      840.0
                                          Total                                                                                   58,934                    5,893.0
           
           1            Unidad Tributaria Mensual (UTM) is a Chilean state tax unit valued in Chilean pesos (CLP) per hectare. The 2024 rate is 0.1 UTM. Annual
                        payments are made at the end of the Chilean tax year (end of March) for concessions.

           In addition to mining concessions, Chilean law also regulates, independently of mining concessions, the rights to the use of the land surface. MEL owns
           155,000 ha of surface rights and these are also renewable on an annual basis. These rights are also obtained through legal process presented to the
           Chilean state and potentially to other third party owners, including the Chilean “Consejo de Defensa del Estado” as required, MEL’s main surface rights
           cover operational activities such as pits, dumps, leach pads, plant and other infrastructure.
           
                                                                                          209
                                                              Surface rights identifier1                                                                    Surface
           Infrastructure                                      Folio Number Year                  Register                     Regional office             area (ha)
           Pits, waste dumps, leach pads, plants               619 V         964 1984 Hipotecas y Gravámenes           Bienes Raíces Antofagasta              22,084
           Energy transmission lines, aqueducts,              1121 V       1117 2018 Hipotecas y Gravámenes            Bienes Raíces Antofagasta              26,988
              mineral pipelines, roads
           
           1            As defined by Chilean legal requirements
           MEL also holds maritime concessions for the Coloso port facilities. These concessions are requested through submission of the proposed project to the
           Chilean Ministry of Defence and are awarded by legal decree.


           6.2.4         Registrant interest
           BHP does not hold any royalty in the Escondida property in addition to its economic interest of 57.5%.


           6.2.5         Present condition of property
           Escondida is a production-stage property actively operating two open cut mines, Escondida and Escondida Norte.

           Continuous resource definition activities are ongoing to upgrade mineral resources understanding to support the mine plans and to develop mineral
           reserves. These activities include drilling and in-pit mapping. Geological understanding of the two deposits is supported by a total of approximately
           2,732 km of drilling undertaken in a total of approximately 8,737 drill holes.

           Surface mining is by drilling and blasting along with shovel/excavator loading and truck haulage from each of the two open pits. Extracted sulphide ore
           undergoes crushing prior to processing in one of three concentrators with concentrate piped to the Coloso port for drying. Lower grade sulphide ore is
           directly dumped onto leach pads and is processed by biological leaching. Oxide and transitional ores are processed using heap leaching. Leached
           products are converted to copper cathode then railed to Antofagasta port.




For personal use only
           6.2.6         Physical condition
           Construction commenced on the Escondida property in 1988 with first production in 1990. A number of expansion phases followed from 1993 onwards
           which included the development of additional infrastructure to increase production. Key milestones subsequent to first production in 1990 relating to the
           development of the operations were:
           
           •            1998 Acid heap leaching of oxides commenced
           
           •            2002 Second concentrator (Phase 4) inaugurated
           
           •            2005 Mining commenced at Escondida Norte
           
           •            2006 Dump bio-leaching of sulphides commenced
           
           •            2007 First desalination plant commenced pumping
           
           •            2016 Third concentrator inaugurated
           
           •            2017 Second desalination plant commenced pumping
           
           •            2020 Operation converted to 100% use of desalination water

           The operations undertake planned maintenance programs and implement scheduled replacement of mine fleet and infrastructure components that is
           intended to maintain the continued reliable operating of equipment, facilities and infrastructure to meet operational requirements.


           6.2.7         Book value
           The total book value for the Escondida property and its associated plant and equipment was US$11.8 billion as of 30 June 2024.


           6.2.8         History of previous operations
           Utah International Inc. (Utah) and Getty Oil Co. (Getty) commenced geochemical exploration in the region in 1978 which led to the discovery of
           Escondida deposit in 1981. In 1984 through corporate acquisitions, BHP acquired the Escondida property. Ownership changed in 1985 to a joint venture
           between BHP (57.5%), Rio Tinto Zinc (30%), JECO Corporation (10%) and World Bank (2.5%). The joint venture undertook all the subsequent
           exploration and development work to bring Escondida into operation in 1990. Current ownership, since 2010, is BHP (57.5%), Rio Tinto (30%), JECO
           Corporation (10%) and JECO 2 Limited (2.5%). Minera Escondida Limitada operates Escondida.
           
                                                                                        210
           6.2.9         Significant encumbrances
           Minera Escondida holds the licenses to operate pursuant to the current mine plan. BHP is not aware of any material encumbrances that would impact the
           current mineral resources or mineral reserves.


           6.2.10         Geology and mineralisation
           The Escondida and Escondida Norte copper deposits lie in the Escondida-Sierra de Varas shear lens of the Domeyko Fault System. The deposits are
           supergene-enriched copper porphyries with primary sulphide mineralisation associated with multiple phase intrusions of monzonite to granodiorite
           composition into host volcanics.

           Primary mineralisation has undergone secondary supergene leaching and enrichment with associated local formation of copper oxide mineralisation,
           predominately brochantite. Supergene enrichment generated laterally-continuous and sub-horizontal high-grade sulphide mineralisation zones across the
           deposit, predominately chalcocite and covellite. The primary hypogene mineralisation, present in the deepest parts of the deposits is chalcopyrite with
           bornite.


           6.2.11         Mineral resources and mineral reserves
           Tables of mineral resources and mineral reserves for Escondida reported by ore type are included in section 6.1 above.


           6.2.12         Changes to mineral resources and mineral reserves
           Total mineral resources as at 30 June 2024 were 7,280 Mt, compared to the previous year as at 30 June 2023 which were 7,540 Mt, a decrease of 3%
           (-260 Mt). The changes were mainly due to mine factors and inclusion of additional drilling results to the estimate.

           Total mineral reserves as at 30 June 2024 were 3,530 Mt, compared to the previous year as at 30 June 2023 which were 3,540 Mt, a decrease of less than
           1% (-10 Mt). The changes were mainly due to depletion and increases in operating costs, partially offset by increase in commodity price.




For personal use only
           6.2.13         Material assumptions and criteria
           Material assumptions in the estimation of mineral resources are:
           
           •            Resources estimated using Ordinary Kriging
           
           •            The sample data preparation including data capping
           
           •            The pit optimisation used to determine the resources that have reasonable prospects of economic extraction
           
           •            Commodity price

           Material assumptions in the estimation of mineral reserves are:
           
           •            The classified resource model
           
           •            Variable cut-off grade strategy that maximises throughput for the concentrator, smelter and refinery
           
           •            Mining dilution and mining recovery
           
           •            Processing plant throughput and yields
           
           •            The exchange rate
           
           •            The geotechnical parameters
           
           •            Commodity prices, operating and capital costs

           Details of the material assumptions are described in the Technical Report Summary (effective 30 June 2022) incorporated as an exhibit to this Annual
           Report by reference to the exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 30 June 2023, sections 11 Mineral Resource Estimates, 12
           Mineral Reserve Estimates, 13 Mining Methods, 14 Processing and Recovery Methods and 18 Capital and Operating Costs.
           
                                                                                             211
6.3       Iron ore
Mineral resources
As at 30 June 2024

                                     Measured Mineral Resources         Indicated Mineral Resources    Measured + Indicated Mineral Resources         Inferred Mineral Resources
                      Mining Tonnage             Qualities      Tonnage               Qualities     Tonnage               Qualities           Tonnage              Qualities
Iron ore1,2           method   Mt    %Fe %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI     Mt    %Fe %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI      Mt    %Fe %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI            Mt    %Fe %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI
Australia
  WAIO3,4,5,6,7,8
    Mt Newman           OC      240   61.3   0.10   3.0   2.2   6.3   1,120   60.2   0.13   4.5   2.7   6.0   1,360   60.4   0.12   4.2   2.6   6.1   1,820   59.6   0.12   4.8   2.6   6.5
    Goldsworthy9        OC       90   57.7   0.11   7.0   3.1   6.8     460   59.5   0.07   5.4   2.9   5.9     550   59.2   0.07   5.6   2.9   6.0   3,870   60.0   0.10   5.0   2.3   6.3
    Yandi               OC      360   58.4   0.11   4.7   2.3   8.8   1,270   59.4   0.14   4.5   2.3   7.5   1,630   59.2   0.14   4.5   2.3   7.8   1,850   58.0   0.13   5.4   2.6   8.2
    Jimblebar           OC       70   57.7   0.20   6.4   3.6   6.0     130   57.0   0.14   6.6   4.2   6.6     200   57.3   0.16   6.5   4.0   6.4     220   58.3   0.10   6.1   3.4   6.2
    BHP (Non-JV)10      OC      220   60.0   0.13   5.1   2.6   5.9     110   58.0   0.11   6.8   2.9   6.7     340   59.3   0.12   5.6   2.7   6.2   2,020   58.9   0.13   4.8   2.8   7.1
  WAIO Total                    980   59.4   0.12   4.7   2.5   7.2   3,090   59.6   0.12   4.8   2.6   6.7   4,070   59.5   0.12   4.8   2.6   6.8   9,780   59.3   0.12   5.0   2.6   6.9
Brazil                          Mt %Fe %Pc                              Mt %Fe %Pc                              Mt %Fe %Pc                              Mt %Fe %Pc
    Samarco11           OC    1,210 38.3 0.05       –     –     –       753 36.8 0.05       –     –     –     1,960 37.7 0.05       –     –     –       210 37.4 0.06       –     –     –
Total iron ore                2,190 47.7   –        –     –     –     3,840 55.1   –        –     –     –     6,030 52.4   –        –     –     –     9,990 58.8   –        –     –     –

1         Mineral resources are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
          interest in the respective joint venture. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.

2         Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.

3         WAIO is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300. BHP interest is 85% for all joint ventures except BHP (Non-JV)
          where it is 100%.

4         WAIO mineral resources qualities are presented as in situ mass percentage on a dry weight basis and tonnage as wet tonnes. Moisture content is
          based on deposit types, Brockman (BKM) – 3%; Marra Mamba (MM) – 4%; Channel Iron Deposit (CID) – 8% and Detrital Iron Deposits (DID) –
          4%.

5         WAIO point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.

6         WAIO mineral resources estimates were based on an iron ore price of US$116/dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index free on board (FOB) Port
          Hedland basis. Based on the median three-year monthly average price over a timeframe of 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023.

7         WAIO mineral resource estimates cut-off criteria was based on deposit types identified in the joint venture. These are BKM and MM 54% Fe; CID
          52% Fe and DID 58% Fe and less than 6% Al2O3.

8         WAIO is predominantly a producer of direct shipping ore and the metallurgical recovery was assumed as 100% for the purpose of reporting all
          mineral resources.

9         Goldsworthy joint venture includes 0.1 Mt indicated mineral resources from the POSMAC joint venture in which BHP has a 65% economic
          interest.

10        BHP (Non-JV) mineral resources are those that are wholly attributable to BHP.

11        Samarco mineral resources estimates, in which BHP has a 50% interest, were based on an iron price of US$130.18. The point of reference for the
          mineral resources was in situ.

                                                                                            212
                                                    For personal use only
Mineral reserves
As at 30 June 2024

                                                Proven Mineral Reserves                 Probable Mineral Reserves                Total Mineral Reserves
                              Mining Tonnage               Qualities         Tonnage                Qualities         Tonnage               Qualities
Iron ore1                     method   Mt      %Fe    %P   %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI   Mt       %Fe    %P   %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI   Mt      %Fe    %P   %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI
Australia
    WAIO2,3,4,5,6,7
          Mt Newman              OC      190   62.9   0.12   3.6   2.0   3.5      490   61.3   0.12   3.9   2.3   5.4     680   61.7   0.12   3.8   2.2   4.9
          Goldsworthy8           OC      840   61.7   0.10   3.5   1.9   5.8      910   60.9   0.08   4.1   1.9   6.4   1,750   61.3   0.09   3.8   1.9   6.1
          Jimblebar              OC      710   61.4   0.11   3.9   2.6   4.9      580   60.4   0.12   4.7   2.7   5.4   1,290   61.0   0.12   4.3   2.7   5.1
    WAIO Total                         1,740   61.7   0.11   3.7   2.2   5.2    1,980   60.9   0.10   4.2   2.2   5.9   3,720   61.3   0.10   4.0   2.2   5.5
Brazil                                   Mt %Fe %Pc                               Mt %Fe %Pc                              Mt %Fe %Pc
          Samarco9               OC       49 40.7 0.07       –      –     –       376 43.0 0.05       –      –     –      425 42.7 0.06       –     –      –
Total iron ore                         1,790 61.1   –        –      –     –     2,360 58.0   –        –      –     –    4,150 59.4   –        –     –      –

1       Mineral reserves are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest
        in the respective joint ventures. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.

2       WAIO is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300. BHP interest is 85% for all joint ventures included in this table.

3       WAIO mineral reserves qualities are presented as in situ mass percentage on a dry weight basis and tonnage as wet tonnes. Moisture content is
        based on deposit types, Brockman (BKM) – 3% and Marra Mamba (MM) – 4%.

4       WAIO point of reference for the mineral reserves was as delivered to the ore handling/process plant.

5       WAIO mineral reserves estimates were based on an iron ore price of US$116/dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index and US$123/dmt for lump, both
        FOB Port Hedland basis.

6       WAIO joint ventures include Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) deposit types. All mineral reserves estimates applied a cut-off criteria of
        58% Fe.

7       WAIO is predominantly a producer of direct shipping ore and the metallurgical recovery was assumed as 99% for Mt Newman and 100% for
        Goldsworthy and Jimblebar joint ventures.

8       Goldsworthy joint venture includes 1 Mt proven and 0.4 Mt of probable mineral reserves from the POSMAC joint venture in which BHP has a
        65% economic interest.

9       Samarco mineral reserves, in which BHP has a 50% interest, were based on an iron price of US$126.68. The point of reference for the mineral
        reserves was to the ore handling/process plant.

                                                                               213
                                               For personal use only
           6.4          WAIO individual property disclosure
           6.4.1         Property description
           WAIO is a production-stage property with mines located in the Pilbara iron ore province in the north-west of Western Australia (WA), Australia and is
           centred on the regional town of Newman located approximately 1,000 km north of WA’s capital city Perth. The property is accessible from Perth by road
           via the Great Northern Highway and by air via regular commercial flights to Newman.

           Mines, processing facilities, railways and port facilities comprising WAIO are spread over a geographical area of 350 km N-S and 250 km E-W between
           Port Hedland and Newman towns in the Pilbara region.

           The geographic coordinates of the central points of the five mines are provided below and their locations shown below.
           
           •            Newman: Latitude: 23°21’40” S, Longitude: 119°40’15” E
           
           •            Jimblebar: Latitude: 23°22’40” S, Longitude: 120°07’45” E
           
           •            Mining Area C: Latitude: 22°55’30” S, Longitude: 118°58’55” E
           
           •            South Flank: Latitude: 22°59’35” S, Longitude: 118°59’45” E
           
           •            Yandi: Latitude: 22°43’15” S, Longitude: 119°05’15” E
           




For personal use only
           
                                                                                        214
           6.4.2         Infrastructure
           Most of the infrastructure required for WAIO to support the current mining operations including roads, airport, rail and port, power and water supply is
           in place. These have been developed by BHP gradually over the last six decades in pace with staged expansion of production capacity.

           WAIO’s mines (Newman, Jimblebar, Mining Area C, South Flank and Yandi) and processing hubs (Newman, Jimblebar, Mining Area C and Yandi) are
           connected to its two ports (Nelson Point and Finucane Island) located at Port Hedland by a network of more than 1,000 km of rail infrastructure.

           The mines have a network of BHP owned roads to service the mining operations and connect to the Great Northern Highway.

           Water is sourced from ground water supplies for all WAIO mines, process plants and mine camps. These water supplies are drawn from BHP managed
           bore fields around mine sites established by WAIO under license for its operations and mine camps. Port Hedland operations are supplied water under
           contract from the municipal provider, sourced from nearby coastal aquifers.

           WAIO has a natural gas-fired power plant (Yarnima Power Station, in Newman town), with an installed generator capacity for 190 megawatt. The plant
           supplies the entire power requirement for all its mining, processing facilities and mine camps. Power consumed for WAIO’s port operations at Port
           Hedland is purchased via a power purchase agreement with APA Energy (formerly Alinta Energy), a large energy supplier in Australia.

           BHP has set up its own accommodation villages / camps at the mines to accommodate its fly-in-fly-out (FIFO) personnel. In addition to the commercial
           airport at Newman, BHP has set up private airports at mine sites and operates regular charter flights from Perth directly to transport FIFO workforce.

           WAIO relies mainly on FIFO workforce sourced primarily from within Western Australia (Perth and other regional towns) and to a lesser extent from
           other states in Australia.


           6.4.3         Mineral tenure
           BHP and its joint venture partners hold mineral rights in 66 mineral titles covering a total area of approximately 4,683 km2. Of this, approximately 2,845
           km2 is contributed by eight mineral titles held pursuant to five State Agreement Acts of the state of Western Australia and the remaining area (1,838
           km2) by 58 mineral titles held pursuant to the Mining Act, 1978 (Western Australia).




For personal use only
           The five State Agreement Acts (incorporating agreements between BHP along with its joint venture partners and the state of Western Australia) are
           ratified by the parliament of Western Australia and provide WAIO long-term tenure security for mineral development. These acts and details of mining
           titles held pursuant to each State Agreement are provided in the list and table below.
           
           1.           Iron Ore (Mount Newman) Agreement Act 1964 (WA) - ML244SA held by the Mount Newman Joint Venture.
           
           2.           Iron Ore (Mount Goldsworthy) Agreement Act 1964 (WA) - ML235SA, ML249SA and ML281SA held by the Mount Goldsworthy Joint Venture.
           
           3.           Iron Ore (Goldsworthy-Nimingarra) Agreement Act 1972 (WA) -M263SA and ML251SA held by the Mount Goldsworthy Joint Venture.
           
           4.           Iron Ore (McCamey’s Monster) Agreement Authorisation Act 1972 (WA) - M266SA held by BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd.
           
           5.           Iron Ore (Marillana Creek) Agreement Act 1991 (WA) - M270SA held by the Yandi Joint Venture.
           
                                                                                                                                              Legal           Rent and
           Lease number                           Registered tenement holders1 / interest                       Grant date     Expiry date2 area (km2)       rate4 (AU$)
           M263SA                   BHP (85%), Itochu (8%), Mitsui (8%)                                        22/01/1989     21/09/2035        143.23         355,540.25
           M266SA                   BHPIOJ (100%) (3)                                                          11/10/1988     10/10/2030        526.06         130,412.06
           M270SA                   BHP (85%), Itochu (8%), Mitsui (8%)                                        4/09/1991      3/09/2033         303.44       1,957,254.44
           ML235SA                  BHP (85%), Itochu (8%), Mitsui (8%)                                        5/08/1965      4/08/2028           41.42          3,109.11
           ML244SA                  BHP (85%), M-Itochu (10%), Itochu (5%)                                     7/04/1967      6/04/2030         789.34         123,629.35
           ML249SA                  BHP (85%), Itochu (8%), Mitsui (8%)                                        8/05/1974      4/08/2028         306.47          24,364.41
           ML251SA                  BHP (85%), Itochu (8%), Mitsui (8%)                                        22/09/1972     21/09/2035        171.30          86,058.00
           ML281SA                  BHP (85%), Itochu (8%), Mitsui (8%)                                        26/04/2002     4/08/2028         563.35         158,201.82
           
           1            Full legal entity names of the registered tenement holders are: (i) BHP: BHP Billiton Minerals Pty Ltd, (ii) M-Itochu: Mitsui-Itochu Iron Pty Ltd,
                        (iii) Itochu: Itochu Minerals & Energy of Australia Pty Ltd, (iv) Mitsui: Mitsui Iron Ore Corporation Pty Ltd and (v) BHPIOJ: BHP Iron Ore
                        (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd.
           
                                                                                            215
           2            All State Agreement Act leases, except M270SA, have right to successive renewals of 21 years each. M270SA has right to only two renewals,
                        each for 21 years ultimately expiring in 2054, from which point the lease would revert to a Mining Act lease, subject to prior renegotiation
                        between BHP and the State Government.
           
           3            M266SA is held by BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of BHP Minerals Pty Ltd (BHP). In 2013, BHP entered into an incorporated
                        Joint Venture (Jimblebar IJV) with Itochu and Mitsui in respect of the Jimblebar mining hub, owned by BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd
                        (BHPIOJ). The Jimblebar IJV is structured so that BHP, Itochu and Mitsui hold A Class Shares in BHPIOJ, which confer an 85:8:7 economic
                        interest, respectively in the “Jimblebar Assets”, being certain assets of BHPIOJ including the Jimblebar mine. BHPIOJ also owns other assets,
                        called “Excluded Assets”, in which BHP alone holds a 100% economic interest through B Class Shares in BHPIOJ.
           
           4            Statutory Rents and Rates are payable annually to the State Government and the Local Government/Shire respectively.

           As at 30 June 2024, all of WAIO’s mineral reserves and 85% of mineral resources (exclusive of mineral reserves) were located on the eight mineral titles
           held pursuant to the five State Agreement Acts. The remaining 15% of mineral resources are located across the 58 tenements held pursuant to the Mining
           Act. All mineral development and extraction activities are currently being undertaken only within tenements held pursuant to the State Agreement Acts.
           Activities within the Mining Act tenements are currently limited to exploration work aimed at defining mineral resources.


           6.4.4         Registrant interest
           In addition to being the majority owner of the property, BHP holds one royalty stream which entitles BHP to earn royalty income in relation to ore
           produced only from Mining Area C and South Flank. This royalty stream contributed 0.1% of free on board (FOB) revenue in FY2024.


           6.4.5         Present condition of property
           WAIO is a production-stage property with a large base of mineral reserves and mineral resources.

           Exploration activities have been ongoing on the property since the 1950s. Drilling is the primary method for exploration and sampling. From the 1950s
           to December 2023, WAIO had completed over 152,000 exploration drill holes for a total of 12,070 km, including 8,870 km reverse circulation and 809
           km diamond core drilling, across its tenements for the purpose of resource identification and definition, resource characterization, modelling of




For personal use only
           geotechnical and hydrogeological parameters, and geometallurgical test work. For the past 15 years, annually 400 to 600 km of drilling was carried out.

           The exploration activities have occurred in areas adjacent to operating mines (brownfield areas) to replenish mineral resources depleted by mine
           production. In addition, some exploration activities have been completed in strategic greenfield areas to provide optionality for future development.

           All mines are open cut, with ore extracted using excavator and truck. After extraction, the ore is crushed before train loading and transporting to the port
           for direct shipping.


           6.4.6         Physical condition
           Production on the WAIO property started in late 1960s from one mine. Currently there are five operating mines, Newman, Yandi, Mining Area C,
           Jimblebar and South Flank, started in 1969, 1992, 2003, 2013 and 2021, respectively.

           Yandi mine has started its end-of-life production ramp down, closure and decommissioning of associated infrastructure commenced in July 2021.

           The operations undertake planned maintenance programs and implement scheduled replacement of equipment and infrastructure that is required to
           maintain the continued reliable operation of the mines and supporting services such as power, port facilities, water supplies and rail.

           Modernisation of rail operations and automation of haul trucks are currently in progress.
           
                                                                                           216
           6.4.7        Book value
           The total book value of the WAIO property and its associated plant and equipment was US$16.0 billion on equity ownership basis, as of 30 June 2024.


           6.4.8        History of previous operations
           Since the 1950s, BHP has been continuously exploring, developing and extracting iron ore at gradually increasing rates of production to keep pace with
           global sea-borne market demands.

           In 1966, BHP’s joint venture partner Goldsworthy Mining Limited (GML) was the first company to develop an iron ore mine in the Pilbara. The mine,
           Mount Goldsworthy ceased operations in 1982 with production entirely for export purposes. BHP was initially a joint venture partner in GML and
           acquired the full ownership of GML in 1990.

           In 1969, BHP developed the Mount Whaleback deposit at Newman entirely for export purposes as a part of the Mount Newman Mining Joint Venture
           (NJV). The majority ownership of NJV was acquired by BHP in 1986.

           In 1991, BHP developed the Yandi deposit and in 1992 acquired the Jimblebar deposits. In the 1990s, subleases tied to ore purchase agreements by a
           Chinese consortium over part of the Jimblebar deposits and by South Korea’s POSCO for C Deposit at Mining Area C increased BHP’s annual
           production.

           Since the 1990s to present day, BHP has been expanding production from its five mining hubs, Newman, Jimblebar, Mining Area C, South Flank and
           Yandi. South Flank commenced production in May 2021 to replace Yandi production. Yandi is decreasing production towards closure and
           decommissioning of infrastructure.


           6.4.9        Significant encumbrances
           BHP is not aware of any significant encumbrances to the property, including current and future permitting requirements and associated timelines or
           permit conditions.




For personal use only
           6.4.10        Geology and mineralisation
           The WAIO iron ore deposits are hosted in the late Archaean to early Proterozoic-age banded iron formations of the Hamersley Group in the Pilbara
           region of Western Australia. The two main hosts for bedrock mineralisation in the Hamersley Group are the Brockman and Marra Mamba iron
           formations.

           Brockman Iron Formation tends to have higher phosphorous and alumina concentration (both deleterious elements) with a lower loss-on ignition than
           the Marra Mamba Iron Formation. These compositional differences are one of reasons for dividing the ore by stratigraphy. The bedded iron deposits are
           further subdivided in terms of their genesis and mineralogy into hypogene martite-microplaty hematite and supergene martite-geothite ores.

           Widespread detrital sequences occur adjacent to the bedded iron deposits in the form of colluvial-alluvial fans. The detrital deposits economic value
           depends on the size and concentration and are mostly exploited when associated with bedrock deposits.

           In addition, mineralisation is found in fluviatile channel iron deposits of the late Eocene to early Miocene age. The iron content in the channel iron
           deposits tends to be lower than the bedrock mineralisation, however, they tend to be lower in phosphorous and alumina.

           The primary iron bearing minerals are hematite and goethite which vary in concentration within the deposits.

           Mineralisation extends over strike lengths of 5-10 km for most deposits, however, may extend for up to 50-60 km. The width of mineralisation at surface
           typically ranges from about 200 m up to 1500 m. Mineralisation extends to depths of between 100 m and 400 m and deposits typically have some form
           of surface expression.


           6.4.11        Mineral resources and mineral reserves
           Tables of mineral resources and mineral reserves for WAIO reported by joint venture are included in section 6.3 above.


           6.4.12        Changes to mineral resources and mineral reserves
           Total mineral resources as at 30 June 2024 were 13,850 Mt compared to the previous year as at 30 June 2023 which were 14,890 Mt, a decrease of 7%
           (-1,040 Mt). The changes were mainly due to conversion of resources to reserves and reasonable prospect of economic extraction assessment.
           
                                                                                       217
           Total mineral reserves as at 30 June 2024 were 3,720 Mt compared to the previous year as at 30 June 2023 which were 3,440 Mt, an increase of 8% (280
           Mt). The changes were mainly due to conversion of resources to reserves.


           6.4.13         Material assumptions and criteria
           Mineral resources estimated for WAIO’s active mines and undeveloped deposits consider the following assumptions:
           
           •            Resources estimated using ordinary kriging and inverse distance weighted methods.
           
           •            Resources are reported exclusive of mineral reserves and are presented as in situ estimates.
           
           •            Resources are reported on a wet tonnage basis for all deposit types associated with the joint ventures.
           
           •            Standard open cut practices are assumed for all ore extraction.
           
           •            Resources are excluded from reporting as appropriate for heritage, environmental, hydrological, tenure, and infrastructure purposes to minimise
                        any potential impacts.

           Mineral reserves are estimated for WAIO’s active mining areas and considers the following assumptions:
           
           •            The latest and approved resource models and mineral resource estimates have been used for mine planning and conversion to mineral reserves by
                        application of all relevant modifying factors.
           
           •            The resource models are converted to mining models (WAIO equivalent of a “reserve” model) by regularising the resource model blocks to
                        SMU-sized blocks
           
           •            The average of the previous three years (FY2021 to FY2023) actual yearly operating and capital costs are used to estimate the cut-off grades and
                        mineral reserves.
           
           •            The median of the three-year trailing calendar monthly average iron ore prices from July 2020 to June 2023 are used to estimate the cut-off grades
                        and mineral reserves.




For personal use only
           
           •            Mineral reserves are estimated using conventional open-cut mining method involving drill and blast with load and haul activities.
           
           •            Pit optimisations are completed to determine economic pit limits using industry standard Lerch-Grossman algorithm.
           
           •            Mine designs including pit, waste dumps and haul roads are generated in industry standard CAD software. The designs incorporate the minimum
                        mining width based on the equipment and slope design parameters from geotechnical models.
           
           •            WAIO’s run-of-mine (ROM) ore is direct shipping ore without the need of concentration or beneficiation. The processing method involves simple
                        crushing and screening of the ore to produce lump and fines products.

           Details of the material assumptions are described in the Technical Report Summary (effective 30 June 2022) incorporated as an exhibit to the Annual
           Report by reference to the exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 30 June 2023, sections 11 Mineral Resource Estimates, 12
           Mineral Reserve Estimates, 13 Mining Methods, 14 Processing and Recovery Methods and 18 Capital and Operating Costs.
           
                                                                                             218
           6.5          Steelmaking coal
           Coal resources1
           As at 30 June 2024
           
                                                                  Measured Coal Resources      Indicated Coal Resources          Measured + Indicated Coal Resources        Inferred Coal Resources
                                                      Mining   Tonnage        Qualities     Tonnage         Qualities            Tonnage             Qualities          Tonnage          Qualities
           Steelmaking coal2,3                        method     Mt    %Ash %VM          %S   Mt     %Ash %VM          %S          Mt      %Ash       %VM       %S        Mt      %Ash %VM          %S
           Australia
                BMA4,5,6                             OC & UG      1,023     9.9         18.6 0.59   544   10.7   18.0 0.67          1,567     10.1        18.3   0.62       438    11.1      19.1   0.66
           Total steelmaking coal                                 1,023     9.9         18.6 0.59   544   10.7   18.0 0.67          1,567     10.1        18.3   0.62       438    11.1      19.1   0.66
           
           1            Coal resources is used as an equivalent term to mineral resources.
           
           2            Coal resources are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest in
                        the respective joint venture. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
           
           3            Coal resources are presented exclusive of coal reserves.
           
           4            BMA mineral resources, in which BHP has a 50% interest, includes Goonyella Complex, Caval Ridge, Peak Downs, Saraji and Saraji South
                        deposits.
           
           5            The point of reference for the coal resources tonnage estimates was in situ. Coal qualities are reported for a clean coal simulated product on an
                        air-dried basis.
           
           6            Coal resources estimates comprise 95% metallurgical and 5% thermal coal product categories. Coal resources prices used for each of the coal
                        categories were hard coking coal US$353.09/t and thermal coal US$331.41/t.


           Coal reserves1
           As at 30 June 2024
           




For personal use only
                                                                   Proven Probable   Total
                                                                    Coal    Coal     Coal
                                                                  Reserves Reserves Reserves Proven Marketable Coal Reserves      Probable Marketable Coal Reserves      Total Marketable Coal Reserves
                                                        Mining    Tonnage Tonnage Tonnage Tonnage            Qualities            Tonnage           Qualities           Tonnage          Qualities
           Steelmaking coal2                            Method       Mt      Mt       Mt       Mt    %Ash      %VM       %S         Mt      %Ash     %VM       %S          Mt    %Ash %VM           %S
           Australia
               BMA3,4,5,6                               OC & UG       741         114        855    480    9.9     21.2   0.58          66     10.4       22.8   0.69       545    10.0      21.4 0.59
           Total steelmaking coal                                     741         114        855    480    9.9     21.2   0.58          66     10.4       22.8   0.69       545    10.0      21.4 0.59
           
           1            Coal reserves is used as an equivalent term to mineral reserves.
           
           2            Coal reserves are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest in the
                        respective joint venture. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
           
           3            BMA mineral reserves, in which BHP has a 50% interest, includes Goonyella Complex, Caval Ridge, Peak Downs, Saraji and Saraji South
                        deposits.
           
           4            Total coal reserves were at a 4% moisture content when mined. Total marketable reserves were at a product specification moisture content
                        (9.5-10% Goonyella Complex; 10.5% Peak Downs; 10.5% Caval Ridge; 10.1% Saraji; 10-11% Saraji South) and at an air-dried quality basis for
                        sale after the beneficiation of the total coal reserves.
           
           5            The point of reference for the coal reserves was delivery to the coal handling and processing plants.
           
           6            Coal reserves estimates comprise 98% hard coking coal and 2% thermal coal product categories. Coal reserves prices used for each of the coal
                        categories were hard coking coal US$253.58/t and thermal coal US$174.04/t. These prices were converted from nominal to real basis aligned to
                        the valuation date and site-specific factors were applied, based on changes in forecast quality over time, before coal reserves were estimated.
           
                                                                                                    219
           6.6          Energy coal
           Coal resources1
           As at 30 June 2024
           
                                                                                                               Measured + Indicated Coal
                                                 Measured Coal Resources        Indicated Coal Resources              Resources                  Inferred Coal Resources
                                   Mining Tonnage           Qualities    Tonnage            Qualities    Tonnage           Qualities     Tonnage             Qualities
           Energy coal2,3          method   Mt    %Ash %VM %S Kcal/kgCV    Mt    %Ash %VM %S Kcal/kgCV     Mt    %Ash %VM %S Kcal/kgCV     Mt     %Ash %VM %S Kcal/kgCV
           Australia
               NSWEC4,5,6,7           OC       5.5   19.0   29.6 0.66   6,170     0.1   19.7   29.3 0.54    6,060     5.6   19.2   29.5 0.63   6,130     6.5   23.3   28.8 0.49    5,700
           Total energy coal                   5.5   19.0   29.6 0.66   6,170     0.1   19.7   29.3 0.54    6,060     5.6   19.2   29.5 0.63   6,130     6.5   23.3   28.8 0.49    5,700
           
           1            Coal resources is used as an equivalent term to mineral resources.
           
           2            Coal resources are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest.
                        All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
           
           3            Coal resources are presented exclusive of coal reserves.
           
           4            NSWEC, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Mt Arthur Coal deposit.
           
           5            Coal qualities are reported on an air-dried in situ basis. Tonnages are reported as in situ.
           
           6            The point of reference for the coal resources was in situ.
           
           7            Coal resources estimates were based on the average three-year historic thermal coal price of US$331.41/t specification Newcastle Free On Board
                        (FOB), 6,000 kcal/t net as received.


           Coal reserves1
           As at 30 June 2024




For personal use only
           
                                            Proven Coal Probable Coal Total Coal
                                             Reserves     Reserves     Reserves   Proven Marketable Coal Reserves   Probable Marketable Coal Reserves     Total Marketable Coal Reserves
                                     Mining Tonnage       Tonnage      Tonnage Tonnage           Qualities        Tonnage           Qualities         Tonnage            Qualities
           Energy coal2              Method     Mt           Mt          Mt      Mt    %Ash %VM %S Kcal/kgCV        Mt    %Ash %VM %S Kcal/kgCV         Mt     %Ash %VM %S Kcal/kgCV
           Australia
               NSWEC3,4,5,6             OC           69            35     104      51   15.5   30.5 0.51    5,910     26    15.5   30.3 0.51    5,910     77   15.5   30.4 0.51    5,910
           Total energy coal                         69            35     104      51   15.5   30.5 0.51    5,910     26    15.5   30.3 0.51    5,910     77   15.5   30.4 0.51    5,910
           
           1            Coal reserves is used as an equivalent term to mineral reserves.
           
           2            Coal reserves are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest. All
                        tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
           
           3            NSWEC, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Mt Arthur Coal deposit.
           
           4            Coal qualities are presented as a potential product on an air-dried basis. Tonnages for the coal reserves are reported on an in situ moisture basis.
                        Moisture when mined was 8.5% and for marketable reserves was 9.5%.
           
           5            The point of reference for the coal reserves was as delivered to the coal handling process plant.
           
           6            Coal reserves estimates were based on the average three-year historic thermal coal price of US$170.04/t specification Newcastle FOB, 6,000
                        kcal/t net as received.
           
                                                                                                   220
           6.7          Potash
           Mineral resources
           As at 30 June 2024
           
                                                                                                                      Measured + Indicated Mineral
                                                        Measured Mineral Resources     Indicated Mineral Resources            Resources                Inferred Mineral Resources
                                              Mining Tonnage        Qualities      Tonnage           Qualities     Tonnage          Qualities      Tonnage          Qualities
           Potash1,2                          method   Mt    %K2O %Insol. %MgO       Mt      %K2O %Insol. %MgO       Mt    %K2O %Insol. %MgO         Mt     %K2O %Insol. %MgO
           Canada
               Jansen3,4,5,6,7,8,9
                     LPL                         UG        –      –       –       –       –      –        –      –       –      –        –      –    1,280   25.6      7.7   0.08
           Total potash                                    –      –       –       –       –      –        –      –       –      –        –      –    1,280   25.6      7.7   0.08
           
           1            Mineral resources are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
                        interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
           
           2            Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
           
           3            Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300.
           
           4            The point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
           
           5            Mineral resources estimates were based on a potash price of US$391/t (real basis). The primary basis was Nutrien’s quarterly published offshore
                        and onshore realised price from 2008 to 2023.
           
           6            Mineral resources are stated for the Lower Patient Lake (LPL) potash unit and using a seam thickness of 3.96 m from the top of 406 clay seam.
           
           7            Mineral resources are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 88%.
           
           8            Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a mineralogical
                        conversion factor of 1.583.
           




For personal use only
           9            Mineral resources tonnages are reported on an in situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.


           Mineral reserves
           As at 30 June 2024
           
                                                                                          Proven Mineral Reserves     Probable Mineral Reserves       Total Mineral Reserves
                                                                              Mining Tonnage         Qualities    Tonnage         Qualities     Tonnage          Qualities
           Potash1                                                            method   Mt     %K2O %Insol. %MgO     Mt    %K2O %Insol. %MgO       Mt     %K2O %Insol. %MgO
           Canada
               Jansen2,3,4,5,6,7,8
                    LPL                                                          UG       –      –        –      –    1,070   24.9      7.5   0.10   1,070   24.9      7.5   0.10
           Total potash                                                                   –      –        –      –    1,070   24.9      7.5   0.10   1,070   24.9      7.5   0.10
           
           1            Mineral reserves are reported in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest.
                        All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
           
           2            Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300.
           
           3            The point of reference for the mineral reserves was ore as delivered to the mill for processing.
           
           4            Mineral reserves estimates were based on a potash price of US$391/t (real basis). The primary basis was Nutrien’s quarterly published offshore
                        and onshore realised price from 2008 to 2023.
           
           5            Mineral reserves estimates cut-off is a function of mining parameters and seam thickness. The calculated cut-off grade from economic modelling
                        where the mine plan would be break-even is 8.1% K2O.
           
           6            Mineral reserves are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 88%.
           
           7            Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a mineralogical
                        conversion factor of 1.583.
           
           8            Mineral reserves tonnages are reported on an in situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
           
                                                                                               221
           6.8          Jansen individual property disclosure
           6.8.1         Property description
           The Jansen potash project is located in the rural municipalities of Leroy and Prairie Rose in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 150
           kilometres east of the city of Saskatoon.

           The geographic coordinate location for the service shaft is Latitude 51°53’56.62“N and Longitude 104°42’53.44“W.
           




For personal use only
           6.8.2         Infrastructure
           The site is accessed by road from provincial Highway 16 approximately 12 kilometres to the south and Highway 5 approximately 32 kilometres to the
           north. Access to the mine site from these highways uses upgraded secondary and/or primary roads from the village of Jansen to the south and the town
           of Leroy to the north. The nearest commercial airport is in the city of Saskatoon.

           Communications, power, water, and natural gas are provided by provincial crown corporations. The pipeline connection to the Saskatoon South East
           Water Supply system for Jansen’s primary water use is complete. The natural gas supply pipeline has been installed. The permanent 230 kV power
           supply has been constructed and commissioned.

           The Jansen site has two mine shafts, the service shaft and the production shaft. The service shaft permanent headframe, hoist houses, and collar house
           are constructed. The production shaft sinking headframe and ground mounted drum winders are installed and in use.

           A third-party rail provider is expected to transport the potash produced from the Jansen site to the port terminal, located in Delta, British Columbia,
           Canada, which is owned and operated by a third-party provider. The port facility will unload the railcars, store the product, and load shipping vessels.
           
                                                                                      222
           The processing facilities to be constructed at Jansen include:
           
           •            Raw ore handling, storage and crushing;
           
           •            Process mill building wet area comprising attrition scrubbing, de-sliming, flotation and de-brining;
           
           •            Process mill building dry area comprising drying, screening, compaction and glazing;
           
           •            Tailings processing and reagents;
           
           •            Product handling, storage and load out.

           Employees of Jansen mine are anticipated to reside in several existing communities located in the area.


           6.8.3         Mineral tenure
           The total area of the Jansen project lease is approximately 1,156 km2. Most mineral rights parcels are owned by the Saskatchewan Crown, the remaining
           mineral parcels are owned by individuals or corporations. To gain access to the potash within mineral parcels owned by individuals or corporations
           (‘freehold mineral lease’), BHP must either purchase the mineral parcels or negotiate mineral lease agreement(s) with the registered owner(s) of the
           mineral parcel(s). The freehold mineral leases secured by BHP have a term of 21 years and are renewable at the option of BHP for successive terms of
           21 years. An annual rental payment of CA$4.94/hectare is also paid to keep these leases in good standing.

           All surface lands that form part of the Jansen mine operations footprint have been acquired by BHP Canada.

           On 23 November 2012, the Government of Saskatchewan and BHP Canada entered into Potash Lease Special Agreement KLSA 011. This agreement
           gives BHP Canada the exclusive right to search for, dig, work, mine, extract, recover, process, and carry away subsurface minerals under or within all of
           the Saskatchewan Crown mineral parcels of KLSA 011. The lease pertains to two categories of lands, ‘KLSA 011 Core Lands’ comprising primarily the
           mineral reserves and ‘KLSA 011 Expansion Lands’, and additional area outside mineral reserves that includes the primarily inferred resources.

           During the first three years of KLSA 011, BHP was required to complete CA$12 million of work on the lease area. This work commitment has been




For personal use only
           met.
           
                                                                                                                         Area                              Annual lease
           Lease description                                                                                             (ha)       %     Expiry date       payment1
           Jansen project total lease area                                                                                115,638   100
           KLSA 011 Core lands                                                                                          63,939.43    55     22/11/2033     1,056,623.66
           KLSA 011 Expansion lands                                                                                     41,724.73    36     22/11/2033
           BHP acquired freehold mineral rights                                                                          8,997.56     8   Not applicable
           Total of Core, Expansion, and acquired freehold mineral rights                                              114,661.72    99
           
           1            Annual lease payment in CA$


           6.8.4         Registrant interest
           BHP does not hold any royalty in Jansen in addition to its economic interest of 100%.


           6.8.5         Present condition of property
           Jansen is currently in construction phase. A substantial portion of the site grading, drainage and road network is in place. The site is connected to natural
           gas supply, permanent electrical power, communication fibre and non-potable water. A 2,600 person construction camp has been constructed and in use.
           The service shaft and the production shaft have been excavated and hydrostatically lined. The service shaft permanent headframe, hoist houses, and
           collar house are constructed. The production shaft sinking headframe and ground mounted drum winders are installed and in use.


           6.8.6         Physical condition
           Jansen is a development stage property that is in the process of construction with board approval to proceed with Stage 2 announced in October 2023.
           Some permanent infrastructure is in place including site facilities, service and production shafts, along with temporary construction infrastructure. BHP
           has a construction program to complete all the necessary requirements such as installation of processing, underground development, mining equipment,
           rail and port facilities to enable the mine to commence operations.


           6.8.7         Book value
           The total book value for the Jansen property and its associated plant and equipment was US$6.5 billion as of 30 June 2024.
           
                                                                                             223
           6.8.8         History of previous operations
           There is no history of previous operations on the Jansen project area.


           6.8.9         Significant encumbrances
           There have been no significant encumbrances to the property identified as of the date of this report. Federal, provincial, municipal permits and approval
           for construction and operation have been received. All material permits that have been applied for to-date have been received.


           6.8.10         Geology and mineralisation
           The Jansen potash deposit is located within the Williston Basin, a large, intracratonic, and horizontally bedded sedimentary basin that has not been
           subject to structural deformation, either faulting or folding.

           The potash beds are hosted within the Prairie Evaporite Formation, in regionally extensive, horizontal layers created by the repeated, cyclical
           evaporation of a shallow, inland sea during the Devonian period. The potash deposit extends from east to west in the province and are relatively uniform,
           except where there are anomalies due to local alterations or disruption of the potash beds.

           In the Jansen area, the potash is at a depth of 800 to 1,050 metres. Two potash members are present the Patience Lake and Belle Plaine members. The
           Patience Lake Member is further subdivided into Upper Patience Lake and Lower Patience Lake sub-members. The Lower Patience Lake sub-member
           is the potash horizon targeted for Jansen. The Lower Patience Lake sub-member is composed of sylvite (KCl), halite (NaCl) with variable amounts of
           disseminated insolubles and clay seams. Carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O), a mineral which can impact processing and ground stability, occasionally occurs
           in place of sylvite within the potash layer. Large carnallite zones can typically be mapped using 3D seismic survey information.

           The Dawson Bay Formation includes the Second Red Beds Member and the Dawson Bay carbonate members which overlay the Prairie Evaporite
           Formation. The Dawson Bay Formation in the Jansen area is expected to have low permeability or relatively low inflow deliverability potential.

           Approximately 400 metres below the Prairie Evaporite Formation are the Cambrian-Ordovician Winnipeg and Deadwood formations. Sediments of
           these formations were deposited in near shore, shallow water marine environments on top of the Precambrian rocks. The coarse to fine sands of the




For personal use only
           formations, host a vast deep saline aquifer that is used for brine disposal.


           6.8.11         Mineral resources and mineral reserves
           Tables of mineral resources and mineral reserves for Jansen reported by ore type are included in section 6.7 above.


           6.8.12         Changes to mineral resources and mineral reserves
           Total mineral resources as at 30 June 2024 has not changed from previous year, as at 30 June 2023 (1,280 Mt).

           Total mineral reserves as at 30 June 2024 has not changed from previous year, as at 30 June 2023 (1,070 Mt).


           6.8.13         Material assumptions and criteria
           The key assumptions in the estimation of mineral resources are summarised as:
           
           •            Cut-off parameter of 3.96 m from the top of the 406 clay seam contact with the top of Lower Patience Lake sub-member, aligned with the mining
                        equipment requirements.
           
           •            Geological anomalies identification including collapses representing potential water ingress hazards, carnallite anomalies impacting extraction and
                        processing and no potash zones creating additional dilution.
           
           •            Exclusion zones sterilising sections of the reserves due to lease boundaries and around drill holes.
           
           •            Brine and solid salt waste estimate for disposal modelling into the aquifer and tailings management area.

           The key assumptions in the estimation of mineral reserves are summarised as:
           
           •            The mining method will be continuous mining using long room and pillar method.
           
           •            Extraction ratios to reduce stress and provide room stability.
           
           •            Thickness of the roof salt beam (horizon) as potential planes of weakness, impacting amount of ground support or dilution estimates.
           
           •            Mine design layout maximising the Mineral Resource extraction based on estimated thicknesses, avoiding anomalies (collapse, massive carnallite
                        and no potash zones) and salt beam modelling.
           
           •            Commodity price and operating costs.
           
                                                                                              224
           Details of the material assumptions are described in the Technical Report Summary (effective 30 June 2024), incorporated as an exhibit to this Annual
           Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 30 June 2024, sections 11 Mineral Resource Estimates, 12 Mineral Reserve Estimates, 13 Mining Methods, 14
           Processing and Recovery Methods and 18 Capital and Operating Costs.


           7            People – performance data1,2,3
           Table 1 – Workforce data and diversity by region FY2024
           
           
                                                                                                                       Employees by gender number and %
                                                                         Number and         Average number and
           Region                                                       % of employees       % of contractors2        Male       Male %      Female     Female %
           Asia                                                          1,651      4.0         4,335        8.5         625        37.9       1,026         62.1
           Australia                                                    31,155     76.2        18,737       36.9      20,501        65.8      10,654         34.2
           Europe                                                           84      0.2             9        0.0          38        45.2          46         54.8
           North America                                                   693      1.7         1,537        3.0         362        52.2         331         47.8
           South America                                                 7,289     17.8        26,097       51.5       4,186        57.4       3,103         42.6
           Total                                                        40,872    100.0        50,715      100.0      25,712        62.9      15,160         37.1


           Table 2 – Employees by category and diversity for FY2024
           
           
                                                                                            Gender                                 Region
                                                                                                                                              North       South
           Employment category                                 Total     % of Total     Male     Female     Asia    Australia     Europe     America     America
           Full time                                           38,962          95.3     25,054    13,908    1,613     29,601          77         676        6,995
           Part time                                            1,132           2.8        444       688        3      1,121           3            5           0




For personal use only
           Fixed term full time                                   672           1.6        182       490       35        327           4          12          294
           Fixed term part time                                    11           0.0          3         8        0         11           0            0           0
           Casual                                                  95           0.2         29        66        0         95           0            0           0
           Total                                               40,872         100.0     25,712    15,160    1,651     31,155          84         693        7,289


           Table 3 – Employees by category and diversity for FY2024
           
           
                                                                                   Gender               Gender %                          Age group %
           Category                                                 Total      Male    Female      Male % Female %             Under 30    30–39 40–49       50+
           Senior leaders                                              262        158      104        60.3       39.7               0.0       6.9   51.9     41.2
           Managers                                                  1,369        828      541        60.5       39.5               0.4      23.4   51.2     25.1
           Supervisory and professional                             18,070     10,723    7,347        59.3       40.7               9.2      39.3   32.9     18.6
           Operators and general support                            21,171     14,003    7,168        66.1       33.9              20.1      28.7   25.2     26.0
           Total                                                    40,872     25,712   15,160        62.9       37.1              14.5      33.0   29.7     22.8
           
                                                                                      225
           Board and executive management diversity
           In accordance with UK Listing Rule 14.3.30(2), these tables set out the Board and executive management diversity data as at 30 June 2024.


           Gender identity
           
                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                                senior
                                                                                                             positions on
                                                                                                              the Board
                                                                 Number of                                   (CEO, CFO,             Number in            Percentage of
                                                                  Board              Percentage of             SID and              executive              executive
                                                                 members              the Board                Chair)4             management5           management5
           Men                                                           6                     60%                      3                     5                     45%
           Women                                                         4                     40%                      –                     6                     55%
           Not specified/prefer not to say                               0                       0%                     –                     0                      0%


           Ethnic background
           
                                                                                                             Number of senior         Number in          Percentage of
                                                            Number of Board         Percentage of the         positions on the        executive            executive
                                                               members                   Board                    Board4             management5         management5
           White British or other White
             (including minority-white
             groups)                                                          8                     80%                        2                   7                   64%
           Mixed/Multiple ethnic groups                                       1                     10%                        1                   3                   27%
           Asian/Asian British                                                1                     10%                        –                   1                    9%




For personal use only
           Black/African/Caribbean/Black
             British                                                          0                      0%                        –                   0                   0%
           Other ethnic group                                                 0                      0%                        –                   0                   0%
           Not specified/prefer not to say                                    0                      0%                        –                   0                   0%
           
           1.           Based on a ‘point-in-time’ snapshot of employees as at 30 June 2024, including employees on extended absence, which was 1,146 in FY2024.
                        There is no significant seasonal variation in employment numbers.
           
           2.           Contractor data is collected from internal organisation systems. Contractor data is averaged for a 10-month period, July 2023 to April 2024.
           
           3.           Figures reported do not include employees and contractors of BHP Billiton Mitsubishi Alliance Blackwater and Daunia operations, sold to
                        Whitehaven Coal during FY2024. Figures reported do not include employees and contractors of the operations located in Brazil, that were
                        acquired as part of the OZ Minerals acquisition completed during FY2023.
           
           4.           These tables are set out in the format prescribed by the UK Listing Rules. For BHP, the senior Board positions are the CEO, Senior Independent
                        Director and Chair as the CFO is not a member of the Board, in line with market practice for Australian listed companies.
           
           5.           In accordance with the UK Listing Rules, executive management includes the Executive Leadership Team (the most senior executive body below
                        the Board) and the Group Company Secretary, excluding administrative and support staff.
           
                                                                                            226
           8            Legal proceedings
           The Group is involved from time to time in legal proceedings and government investigations, including claims and pending actions against it seeking
           damages or clarification or prosecution of legal rights and regulatory inquiries regarding business practices. Insurance or other indemnification
           protection may offset the financial impact on the Group of a successful claim.

           This section summarises the significant legal proceedings, investigations, and associated matters in which the Group is currently involved or has
           finalised since our last Annual Report.


           Legal proceedings relating to the failure of the Fundão tailings dam at the Samarco iron ore operations in Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo
           (Samarco dam failure)
           The Group is engaged in numerous legal proceedings relating to the Samarco dam failure. While there has been progress in priority areas, such as
           individual compensation and indemnification for the damage caused by the dam failure, it is not possible at this time to provide a range of possible
           outcomes for all proceedings or a reliable estimate of potential future exposures. BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda. (BHP Brasil) is a party to approximately 42
           ongoing public civil claims, of which 20 are suspended. The most significant of these proceedings are summarised in this section Additional information
           8. There are numerous additional lawsuits against Samarco relating to the dam failure to which the Group is not a party.


           Public civil actions brought by federal prosecutors and agreements
           Several legal proceedings have been brought by government authorities and civil associations claiming environmental and socioeconomic damages and
           a number of specific remediation measures as a result of the Samarco dam failure, including proceedings in which BHP Brasil is a defendant. Among the
           claims brought against BHP Brasil are:
           
           •             the public civil action brought by the Federal Government of Brazil, states of Espírito Santo and Minas Gerais and other public authorities against
                         Samarco and its shareholders, BHP Brasil and Vale S.A. (Vale) in November 2015, seeking their joint liability for the full reparation of
                         environmental and socioeconomic damages arising from the Samarco dam failure, in the amount of R$20 billion (approximately US$3.6 billion1)
                         (the R$20 billion Public Civil claim)
           




For personal use only
                                                                                             227
           •            the public civil action brought by the Brazilian Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale, as well as other public
                        entities in May 2016, seeking R$155 billion (approximately US$27.9 billion1) for reparation, compensation and social, individual and collective
                        moral damages in relation to the Samarco dam failure (the R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim)

           A number of other proceedings to which BHP Brasil is a party are currently suspended due to their connection with the R$20 billion Public Civil claim
           and R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim.

           Samarco, Vale, BHP Brasil, and other public authorities have entered into agreements for the remediation of damages resulting from the Samarco dam
           failure.
           
           •            In March 2016, Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale (Companies), entered into a Framework Agreement with the Federal Government of Brazil, the
                        states of Espírito Santo and Minas Gerais and certain other public authorities to establish a foundation (Renova Foundation) to develop and
                        execute environmental and socioeconomic programs (Programs) to remediate and provide compensation for damages caused by the Samarco dam
                        failure. The term of the Framework Agreement is 15 years, renewable for periods of one year successively until all obligations under the
                        Framework Agreement have been performed. Under the Framework Agreement, Samarco is responsible, as a primary obligor, for funding Renova
                        Foundation’s annual calendar year budget for the duration of the Framework Agreement. The amount of funding for each calendar year will
                        depend on the remediation and compensation projects to be undertaken in a particular year and judicial decisions. To the extent that Samarco does
                        not meet its funding obligations under the Framework Agreement, BHP Brasil and Vale have funding obligations under the Framework
                        Agreement, as secondary obligors, each in proportion to its 50 per cent shareholding in Samarco in this section Additional Information 8.
           
           •            In June 2018, Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale, the other parties to the Framework Agreement, the Public Prosecutors’ Office2 and the Public Defense
                        Office3 entered into a Governance Agreement (ratified by the Court on 8 August 2018), which settled the merits of the R$20 billion Public Civil
                        claim and established a process to renegotiate the Programs over two years to progress settlement of the R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’
                        Office claim. Under the Governance Agreement, renegotiation of the Programs is based on certain agreed principles, including full reparation
                        consistent with Brazilian law, the requirement for a technical basis for any proposed changes, consideration of findings from experts appointed by
                        Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale, consideration of findings from experts appointed by prosecutors and consideration of feedback from impacted
                        communities.

           In February 2021, the Minas Gerais State Prosecutor filed a public civil action against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and Renova Foundation seeking the




For personal use only
           dissolution of Renova Foundation. The plaintiffs are seeking R$10 billion (approximately US$1.8 billion1) for moral damages. An injunction for the
           immediate intervention in Renova Foundation was also sought, alleging the need to preserve information and documents produced by Renova
           Foundation to evaluate criminal and civil responsibilities. A ruling on the merits is pending.

           Since 7 January 2020, the Federal Court has issued several decisions creating 14 enforcement proceedings and ruled on several proceedings linked to the
           R$20 billion Public Civil claim and R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim, including dismissal without prejudice of some of the
           requests and proceedings. Issues covered by these proceedings include, for example, environmental recovery, tailings management, human health risk
           and ecological risk, resettlement of affected communities, infrastructure and development, registration of certain impacted individuals under the
           Programs, monthly emergency financial aid, loss of profit and indemnities for people impacted by the Samarco dam failure, resumption of economic
           activities, water supply for human consumption and hiring of technical advisers to impacted people, Renova Foundation’s governance and management
           system, and new areas allegedly affected by the dam failure, including freezing orders requests.

           In October 2023, the Federal Court judge rendered a decision determining that the Interfederative Committee (IFC), which is an external and
           independent body responsible for supervising Renova Foundation and its programs, holds the final authority to determine technical issues concerning
           the reparation. This decision was confirmed by the Federal Court of Appeals in April 2024, which upheld that Renova Foundation and the Companies
           must comply with all IFC’s directions, which are presumed to be valid and must prevail, unless the Companies and Renova Foundation can present clear
           proof that they are illegal. In January 2024, the Federal Court rendered a decision (25 January decision) that found Samarco, Vale and BHP Brasil jointly
           and severally liable to pay collective moral damages in the amount of R$47.6 billion (approximately US$8.6 billion1) (to be adjusted for interest and
           inflation). The decision ordered that no payment should occur until the decision is final and unappealable. In March 2024, the Federal Court found that
           the correct historical amount due of collective moral damages is R$46.7 billion (instead of R$47.6 billion). Samarco, Vale, and BHP Brasil appealed the
           decision challenging the merits and amount of damages. In May 2024, the various government parties filed interlocutory appeals to the 25 January
           decision seeking increased damages and the ability to enforce the judgment prior to it becoming final. The Federal Court judge and the Federal Court of
           Appeals issued rulings denying the requests for early enforcement. On 27 June 2024, the Federal Court judge dismissed without prejudice certain claims
           directed at the Companies in the R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim, on the grounds that they are already covered by previous
           agreements and decisions (such as the Framework Agreement). This decision did not dismiss the collective moral damages decision outlined above and
           is subject to appeal.


           Footnotes
           
                         1.       Based on the exchange rate as at 30 June 2024.
                         2.       The Public Prosecutors’ Office includes the Federal, State of Minas Gerais and State of Espírito Santo public prosecutors’ offices.
                         3.       The Public Defense Office includes the Federal, State of Minas Gerais and State of Espírito Santo public defense offices.

           In June 2024, the Public Prosecutors’ Office and the Public Defense Office filed a public civil claim against the Companies and Renova Foundation for
           alleged gender discrimination against women in the reparation process. They requested certain changes in Renova Foundation’s registration program,
           damages and an injunctive relief to implement emergency measures. On 14 August 2024, the Federal Court partially granted the injunctive relief request
           and ordered Renova Foundation to allow the review of the registration of all women who are either registered or have pending registration applications
           in Renova Foundation. The decision is subject to appeal.
           
                                                                                            228
           The parties have been engaging in negotiations to seek a definitive and substantive settlement of claims relating to the Samarco dam failure. The
           negotiations are ongoing and the outcome is uncertain. The potential liabilities resulting from current and future claims, lawsuits, proceedings,
           enforcement actions and Framework Agreement obligations relating to the Samarco dam failure, together with the potential cost of implementing
           remedies sought in the various proceedings, cannot be estimated with certainty at this time and there is a risk that outcomes may be materially higher or
           lower than amounts reflected in BHP Brasil’s provision and contingencies for the Samarco dam failure.


           For more information on BHP Brasil’s provision and contingencies for the Samarco dam failure refer to Financial Statements note 4
           ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’
           Civil public actions commenced by the State Prosecutors’ Office in the state of Minas Gerais (Mariana CPA cases)
           The State Prosecutors of Mariana have commenced several civil public actions (CPAs) against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale.

           On 10 December 2015, the State Prosecutors’ Office in the state of Minas Gerais filed a CPA against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale before the State
           Court in Mariana claiming indemnification (amount not specified) for moral and material damages to an unspecified group of individuals affected by the
           Samarco dam failure, including the payment of costs for housing and social and economic assistance (CPA Mariana I).

           On 2 October 2018, the parties reached a settlement dismissing the claim, which was ratified by the Court. Under this settlement, Renova Foundation
           has reached more than 100 individual agreements with impacted families in Mariana for the payment of damages.

           In connection with CPA Mariana I, the State Prosecutors (Minas Gerais) started enforcement proceedings against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale. There
           are six enforcement proceedings under way, which among other things seek (i) to set a deadline for completion of resettlement of the residents of
           Mariana’s districts and for fines to be imposed for delays to resettlement; (ii) to set the final term that will allow new households to join the resettlement;
           (iii) payment of compensation to affected individuals for delivery of houses below standard; (iv) to guarantee access to water sources for the families of
           the collective resettlements; (v) payment of fines for alleged delays in presenting proposals and making payments to affected individuals; and
           (vi) payment of compensation to impacted individuals who allege they have not yet received compensation and a penalty for the alleged delays in
           making such payments.

           In addition to CPA Mariana I, the State Prosecutors (Minas Gerais) commenced other CPAs in Mariana against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and, in some




For personal use only
           cases, Renova Foundation. The claims presented in those CPAs are related to damages that, according to the State Prosecutors, are not covered by CPA
           Mariana I.

           As to those CPAs, there are proceedings that (i) have been settled by the parties, including BHP Brasil, (ii) have been dismissed or (iii) are still pending
           (9 in total). Renova Foundation is responsible for any pending obligations set forth in the settlement agreements relating to the CPAs and for complying
           with future awards eventually rendered in the remaining CPAs.


           Civil public action commenced by Associations concerning the use of Tanfloc for water treatment (R$120 billion Associations claim)
           On 28 October 2021, the Vila Lenira Residents Association, State of Espírito Santo Rural Producers and Artisans Association, Colatina Velha
           Neighbourhood Residents Association, and United for the Progress of Palmeiras Neighbourhood Association filed a lawsuit against Samarco, BHP
           Brasil and Vale and others, including the State of Minas Gerais, the State of Espírito Santo and the Federal Government. The plaintiffs allege the
           defendants carried out a clandestine study on the citizens of the locations affected by the Samarco dam failure, using Tanfloc, a tannin-based
           flocculant/coagulant that is currently used for wastewater treatment applications. The plaintiffs claim this product allegedly put the population at risk
           due to its alleged experimental qualities.

           On 17 November 2023, the Federal Court dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice due to the Associations’ lack of standing to sue and the defectiveness
           of the complaint. The Associations filed a motion for clarification and the decision is still subject to appeal.


           Indigenous Communities – Civil public action for partial nullity of agreements
           In February 2024, the Federal Prosecutor’s Office filed a collective lawsuit against the Companies, alleging that the settlement agreements entered into
           between Renova Foundation and the Indigenous communities of Tupiniquim Guarani, Mboapy Pindó, and Comboios contain nullities regarding the
           release of monthly Emergency Subsistence Aid (ASE), and requested an injunction ordering the Companies to continue to pay ASE to the Indigenous
           Peoples of the Tupiniquim, Comboios, and Caieiras Velha II, in the Indigenous Lands of Aracruz, State of Espírito Santo in Brazil, following certain
           new rules, including an increase in the monthly payment amount. On 4 March 2024, the Federal Court granted the Federal Prosecutor’s request for a
           preliminary injunction, which was later overturned in April 2024. As of 30 June 2024, a final decision on the merits is pending.
           
                                                                                        229
           Other civil proceedings in Brazil
           As noted above, BHP Brasil has been named as a defendant in numerous lawsuits relating to the Samarco dam failure. In addition, government inquiries
           and investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure have been commenced by the Brazilian Government’s representatives and are ongoing, including
           studies regarding impact of the dam failure.

           BHP Brasil’s potential liabilities, if any, resulting from other pending and future claims, lawsuits and enforcement actions relating to the Samarco dam
           failure, together with the potential cost of implementing remedies sought in the various proceedings, cannot be reliably estimated at this time.
           Ultimately, these could have a material adverse impact on BHP’s business, competitive position, cash flows, prospects, liquidity and shareholder returns.


           For more information on the Samarco dam failure refer to OFR 7
           As of 30 June 2024, Samarco had been named as a defendant in more than 87,200 small claims for moral damages in which people argue their public
           water service was interrupted for between five and 10 days, of which approximately 38,000 claims are still active. BHP Brasil is a co-defendant in more
           than 24,300 of these cases.

           The Brazilian Code of Civil Procedure provides that repetitive claims can be settled through a proceeding known as the Resolution of Repetitive
           Demands Procedure (IRDR). Under the IRDR, a court will hear a ‘pilot case’ representative of such recurring legal matters and the judgment in that
           decision will set a precedent for the resolution of similar cases in that jurisdiction. An IRDR has been established in Minas Gerais and the court in the
           pilot case has ruled that the mandatory parameter for resolution of claims will be the payment of R$2,000 (approximately US$4001) per individual claim
           for moral damages due to the suspension of public water supply. Appeals before higher courts were filed. Meanwhile, as of 30 June 2024, Samarco has
           reached settlement in more than 18,200 individual cases. On 21 May 2024, the Superior Court of Justice granted the State Prosecutor of Minas Gerais
           request to declare null the IRDR due to the alleged failure to satisfy the procedural requirements necessary for its formal admissibility.


           Samarco’s judicial reorganisation
           On 9 April 2021, Samarco filed for judicial reorganisation (JR) with the Second Business State Court for the Belo Horizonte District of Minas Gerais
           (JR Court). On 28 July 2023, Samarco and one of its supporting creditors filed a consensual plan (Consensual Plan), which provided, among other
           things, that the agreements entered into between Samarco and Brazilian public authorities in connection with the Samarco dam failure will not be




For personal use only
           impaired by the Consensual Plan and Samarco will continue to have the primary obligation to fund Renova Foundation. In addition, pursuant to the
           Consensual Plan, between 2024 and full payment of the debt owed by Samarco to the holders of the senior notes, Samarco is permitted to fund
           remediation activities to Renova Foundation up to a US$1 billion cap. This means that BHP Brasil and Vale will pay directly or fund Samarco in the
           form of common equity in respect of remediation obligations, including payments to Renova Foundation, in excess of the US$1 billion cap. The JR
           Court confirmed the Consensual Plan on 1 September 2023. Following the confirmation of the Consensual Plan and satisfaction of other conditions
           precedent set forth therein, the definitive documentation formalising the consummation of Samarco’s financial debt restructuring was executed on
           1 December 2023. Samarco has paid the majority of labour claims, suppliers and other non-financial creditors as provided in the Consensual Plan. BHP
           Brasil participated in Samarco’s JR proceeding in its capacities as a shareholder and creditor of Samarco.


           Class or group action claims
           BHP Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries have been named as defendants in class or group action claims related to the Samarco dam failure.
           The most significant of those claims are summarised in the bullets below.
           
           •            BHP Group Limited is named as a defendant in a shareholder class action in the Federal Court of Australia on behalf of persons who acquired
                        shares in BHP Group Limited or BHP Group Plc (now BHP Group (UK) Ltd) in periods prior to the Samarco dam failure. The amount of damages
                        sought in the class action is unspecified. A trial is scheduled to commence in September 2025.
           
           •            BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly BHP Group Plc) and BHP Group Limited are named as defendants in group action claims for damages filed in the
                        courts of England. These claims were filed on behalf of certain individuals, municipalities, businesses and communities in Brazil allegedly
                        impacted by the Samarco dam failure. The amount of damages sought in these claims is unspecified. In December 2022, the BHP parties filed
                        their defence and a contribution claim against Vale. The contribution claim contended that if the BHP parties’ defence is not successful and they
                        are ordered to pay damages to the claimants, Vale should contribute to any amount payable. A trial in relation to the BHP parties’ liability for the
                        dam failure is set to commence in October 2024.
           
           •            In January 2024, the BHP parties were served with a new group action filed in the courts of England on behalf of additional individuals and
                        businesses in Brazil allegedly impacted by the Samarco dam failure. The new action makes broadly the same claims as the original action and the
                        amount of damages sought in these claims is unspecified.

           In March 2024, a claim was filed in the Netherlands against Vale S.A. and a Dutch subsidiary of Samarco for compensation relating to the Fundão dam
           failure. The claim filed in the Netherlands indicates that these claims were filed on behalf of certain individuals, municipalities, businesses, associations,
           and faith-based institutions allegedly impacted by the Samarco dam failure who are not also claimants in the UK group action claims referred to above.
           BHP is not a defendant in the Netherlands proceedings.
           
                                                                                             230
           In July 2024, BHP Group Limited, BHP Group (UK) Ltd, BHP Brasil Ltda and Vale S.A. entered into an agreement – without any admission of liability
           in any proceedings – whereby: (i) Vale will pay 50 per cent of any amounts that may be payable by the BHP Defendants to the claimants in the UK
           group action claims (or by the BHP Defendants, BHP Brasil or their related parties to claimants in any other proceedings in Brazil, England or the
           Netherlands covered by the agreement); and (ii) BHP Brasil will pay 50 per cent of any amounts that may be payable by Vale to the claimants in the
           Netherlands proceedings (or by Vale or its related parties to claimants in any other proceedings in Brazil, England or the Netherlands covered by the
           agreement). The agreement reinforces the terms of the Framework Agreement entered into in 2016 which require BHP Brasil and Vale to each contribute
           50 per cent to the funding of the Renova Foundation for compensation of persons impacted by the Fundão dam failure where Samarco is unable to
           contribute that funding. The BHP Defendants withdrew the contribution claim against Vale in England as it is no longer necessary given this agreement.


           Criminal charges
           On 20 October 2016, the Federal Prosecutors’ Office in Brazil filed criminal charges against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and certain of their employees
           and former employees in the Federal Court of Ponte Nova, Minas Gerais. On 3 March 2017, BHP Brasil and the charged employees and former
           employees of BHP Brasil (Affected Individuals) filed their preliminary defences. The Federal Court granted Habeas Corpus petitions in favour of all
           eight Affected Individuals, terminating the charges against those individuals. The Federal Prosecutors’ Office appealed seven of the decisions with
           hearings of the appeals still pending. BHP Brasil remains a defendant in the criminal proceeding. The evidentiary phase has been concluded and Federal
           Prosecutors and defendants are expected to present written closing arguments by August 2024. BHP Brasil rejects the charges against BHP Brasil and
           the Affected Individuals and expects to defend against the charges and fully support each of the Affected Individuals in their defences of the charges.

           In several civil proceedings the Federal Court has stated that Renova Foundation has allegedly obstructed the adoption of reparation measures. The
           judge ordered an official notice to be sent to the Prosecutor’s Office to communicate his view on the need for an investigation into Renova Foundation’s
           conduct. On 10 May 2024 the Public Prosecutor’s Office publicly announced that they will conduct an investigation into Renova Foundation, without
           specifying if civil or criminal liability for Renova Foundation, BHP Brasil, Vale, Samarco or any individual will be sought.


           Legal proceedings unrelated to the Samarco dam failure
           South African class action claim
           On 14 August 2023, an application to commence a class action was filed in the High Court of South Africa on behalf of current and former mineworkers




For personal use only
           (and the dependants of certain mineworkers). The mineworkers are alleged to have contracted coal mine dust lung disease and to have worked on
           specified coal mines in South Africa between 1965 and the filing date. ‘BHP Billiton Plc Incorporated’ is named as a respondent, alongside South32 SA
           Holdings Limited and Seriti Power (Proprietary) Limited. The claims against the BHP entity relate to the period from 1999 to 2015. The relevant
           businesses were divested in 2015 as part of the demerger of South32 Limited.

           The matter is currently at the certification stage whereby the South African Court must first grant permission for a class action to proceed. BHP, South32
           and Seriti have filed notices opposing certification. The amount of damages sought by the Applicants on behalf of the putative class is unspecified. BHP
           has notified South32 that it considers any liability to the Applicants arising from the class action to be indemnified under the terms of the Separation
           Deed agreed as part of the demerger of South32 in 2015.


           9            Shareholder information
           9.1           History and development
           BHP Group Limited (formerly BHP Billiton Limited, before then BHP Limited and, before that, The Broken Hill Proprietary Company Limited) was
           incorporated in 1885 and is registered in Australia with ABN 49 004 028 077.


           9.2           Markets
           As at the date of this Annual Report, BHP Group Limited has a primary listing on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) (ticker BHP) in Australia,
           an international secondary listing on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) (ticker BHP), a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (ticker
           BHG) and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in the United States.

           Trading on the NYSE is in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) evidencing American Depositary Shares (ADSs), with each ADS
           representing two ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited. Citibank N.A. (Citibank) is the Depositary for the ADS program. BHP Group Limited’s ADSs
           have been listed for trading on the NYSE (ticker BHP) since 28 May 1987.
           
                                                                                      231
           9.3          Organisational structure
           BHP Group Limited is the ultimate parent company of all subsidiaries within the BHP Group.

           From June 2001 to January 2022, BHP operated under a Dual Listed Company (DLC) structure, with two separate parent companies (BHP Group
           Limited and BHP Group Plc (now BHP Group (UK) Limited) and their respective subsidiaries operating as a single unified economic entity run by a
           unified Board and senior executive management team.

           On 31 January 2022, BHP unified its DLC structure, following which BHP Group Plc (now BHP Group (UK) Limited) became a subsidiary of BHP
           Group Limited.


           9.4          Constitution
           This section sets out a summary of BHP Group Limited’s Constitution, as well as other related arrangements under applicable laws and regulations.

           Provisions of the Constitution of BHP Group Limited can be amended only where such amendment is approved by special resolution. A special
           resolution is a resolution that is passed by at least 75 per cent (i.e. at least three quarters) of the votes cast by BHP shareholders entitled to vote being in
           favour of the resolution.


           Board
           The Board may exercise all powers of BHP, other than those that are reserved for BHP shareholders to exercise in a general meeting.


           Power to issue securities
           Under the Constitution, the Board has the power to issue any BHP shares or other securities (including redeemable shares) with preferred, deferred or
           other special rights, obligations or restrictions. The Board may issue shares on any terms it considers appropriate, provided that:
           
           •            the issue does not affect any special rights of shareholders




For personal use only
           
           •            if required, the issue is approved by shareholders
           
           •            if the issue is of a class other than ordinary shares, the rights attaching to the class are expressed at the date of issue


           Restrictions on voting by Directors
           A Director may not vote in respect of any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which they have a material personal interest except in certain
           prescribed circumstances, including (subject to applicable laws) where the material personal interest:
           
           •            arises because the Director is a shareholder of BHP and is held in common with the other shareholders of BHP
           
           •            arises in relation to the Director’s remuneration as a Director of BHP
           
           •            relates to a contract BHP is proposing to enter into that is subject to approval by the shareholders and will not impose any obligation on BHP if it
                        is not approved by the shareholders
           
           •            arises merely because the Director is a guarantor or has given an indemnity or security for all or part of a loan, or proposed loan, to BHP
           
           •            arises merely because the Director has a right of subrogation in relation to a guarantee or indemnity referred to above
           
           •            relates to a contract that insures or would insure the Director against liabilities the Director incurs as an officer of BHP, but only if the contract
                        does not make BHP or a related body corporate the insurer
           
           •            relates to any payment by BHP or a related body corporate in respect of an indemnity permitted by law, or any contract relating to or containing
                        such an indemnity, or
           
           •            is in a contract or proposed contract with or for the benefit of or on behalf of a related body corporate and arises merely because the Director is a
                        director of a related body corporate

           If a Director has a material personal interest and is not entitled to vote on a proposal, they will not be counted in the quorum for any vote on a resolution
           concerning the material personal interest.


           Loans by Directors
           Any Director may lend money to BHP at interest with or without security or may, for a commission or profit, guarantee the repayment of any money
           borrowed by BHP and underwrite or guarantee the subscription of shares or securities of BHP or of any corporation in which BHP may be interested
           without being disqualified as a Director and without being liable to account to BHP for any commission or profit.
           
                                                                                                 232
           Appointment and retirement of Directors
           Appointment of Directors
           The Constitution provides that a person may be appointed as a Director of BHP Group Limited by the existing Directors of BHP or may be elected by
           the shareholders in a general meeting.

           Any person appointed as a Director of BHP Group Limited by the existing Directors will hold office only until the next general meeting that includes an
           election of Directors.

           A person may be nominated by shareholders as a Director of BHP Group Limited if:
           
           •            a shareholder provides a valid written and signed notice of the nomination
           
           •            the person nominated by the shareholder satisfies candidature for the office and provides written and signed notice of their willingness to be
                        elected as a Director

           and the nomination is provided at least 40 business days before the date of the general meeting. The person nominated as a Director may be elected to
           the Board by ordinary resolution passed in a general meeting.


           Retirement of Directors
           The Board has adopted a policy under which all Non-executive Directors must, if they wish to remain on the Board, seek re-election by shareholders
           annually. This policy took effect in 2011 and replaced the previous system that required Non-executive Directors to submit themselves to shareholders
           for re-election at least every three years.

           A Director may be removed from the Board in accordance with applicable law and must vacate their office as a Director in certain circumstances set out
           in the Constitution. There is no requirement for a Director to retire on reaching a certain age.


           Rights attaching to shares




For personal use only
           Dividend rights
           Under Australian law, dividends on shares may be paid only if the company’s assets exceed its liabilities immediately before the dividend is determined
           and the excess is sufficient for payment of the dividend, the payment of the dividend is fair and reasonable to the company’s shareholders as a whole and
           the payment of the dividend does not materially prejudice the company’s ability to pay its creditors.

           The Constitution provides that payment of any dividend may be made in any manner, by any means and in any currency determined by the Board.

           All unclaimed dividends may be invested or otherwise used by the Board for the benefit of BHP until claimed or otherwise disposed of according to law.
           BHP Group Limited is governed by the Victorian unclaimed monies legislation, which requires BHP to pay to the State Revenue Office any unclaimed
           dividend payments of A$20 or more that have remained unclaimed for over 12 months.


           Voting rights
           For the purposes of determining which shareholders are entitled to attend or vote at a meeting of BHP Group Limited and how many votes such
           shareholder may cast, the Notice of Meeting specifies when a shareholder must be entered on the Register of Shareholders in order to have the right to
           attend or vote at the meeting. The specified time must be not more than 48 hours before the time of the meeting.

           Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxy to attend, vote or speak at a meeting of BHP Group Limited on their behalf must deposit the form appointing
           a proxy so that it is received not less than 48 hours before the time of the meeting.


           Rights to share in profits
           The rights attached to shares of BHP Group Limited, as regards the participation in the profits available for distribution that the Board determines to
           distribute, are as follows:
           
           •            The holders of any preference shares will be entitled, in priority to any payment of dividend to the holders of any other class of shares, to a
                        preferred right to participate as regards dividends up to but not beyond a specified amount in distribution.
           
           •            Any surplus remaining after payment of the distributions above will be payable to the holders of ordinary shares in equal amounts per share.


           Rights on return of assets on liquidation
           On a return of assets on liquidation of BHP Group Limited, the assets of BHP Group Limited remaining available for distribution among shareholders
           after the payment of all prior ranking amounts owed to all creditors and holders of preference shares, and to all prior ranking statutory entitlements, are
           to be applied on an equal priority with any amount paid to the holders of BHP Group Limited ordinary shares. Any surplus remaining is to be applied in
           making payments solely to the holders of BHP Group Limited ordinary shares in accordance with their entitlements.
           
                                                                                              233
           Redemption of preference shares
           If BHP Group Limited at any time proposes to create and issue any preference shares, the terms of the preference shares may give either or both of BHP
           Group Limited and the holder the right to redeem the preference shares.

           The preference shares’ terms may also give the holder the right to convert the preference shares into ordinary shares.

           Under the Constitution, the preference shares must give the holders:
           
           •            the right (on redemption and on a winding-up) to payment in cash in priority to any other class of shares of (i) the amount paid or agreed to be
                        considered as paid on each of the preference shares; and (ii) the amount, if any, equal to the aggregate of any dividends accrued but unpaid and of
                        any arrears of dividends
           
           •            the right, in priority to any payment of dividend on any other class of shares, to the preferential dividend


           Capital calls
           Subject to the terms on which any shares may have been issued, the Board may make calls on the shareholders in respect of all monies unpaid on their
           shares. BHP Group Limited has a lien on every partly paid share for all amounts payable in respect of that share. Each shareholder is liable to pay the
           amount of each call in the manner, at the time and at the place specified by the Board (subject to receiving at least 14 days’ notice specifying the time
           and place for payment). A call is considered to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Board authorising the call was passed.


           Borrowing powers
           Subject to relevant law, the Directors may exercise all powers of BHP to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property, assets (both
           present and future) and all uncalled capital or any part or parts thereof, and to issue debentures and other securities, whether outright or as collateral
           security for any debt, liability or obligation of BHP or of any third party.


           Variation of class rights




For personal use only
           Rights attached to any class of shares issued by BHP Group Limited can only be varied where such variation is approved by:
           
           •            the company as a special resolution, and
           
           •            the holders of the issued shares of the affected class, either by a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the issued shares
                        of the class affected, or with the written consent of members with at least 75 per cent of the votes of that class


           Annual General Meetings
           The Annual General Meeting (AGM) provides a forum to facilitate the sharing of shareholder views and is an important event in the BHP calendar. The
           meeting provides an update for shareholders on our performance and offers an opportunity for shareholders to ask questions and vote. To vote at an
           AGM, a shareholder must be a registered holder of BHP Group Limited shares at a designated time before the relevant AGM.

           Key members of management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer, are present and available to answer questions.
           The External Auditor will also be available to answer questions.

           Proceedings at AGMs are webcast live from our website. Copies of the speeches delivered by the Chair and CEO to the AGM are released to the
           relevant stock exchanges and posted on our website. The outcome of voting on the items of business are released to the relevant stock exchanges and
           posted on our website as soon as they are available following completion of the AGM and finalisation of the polls.

           More information on our AGMs is available at bhp.com/meetings
           Conditions governing general meetings
           The Board may, and must on requisition in accordance with applicable laws, call a general meeting of the shareholders at the time and place or places
           and in the manner determined by the Board. No shareholder may convene a general meeting of BHP Group Limited except where entitled under law to
           do so. Any Director may convene a general meeting whenever the Director thinks fit. General meetings can also be adjourned, cancelled or postponed
           where permitted by law or the Constitution. Notice of a general meeting must be given to each shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting and such
           notice of meeting may be given in the form and manner in which the Board thinks fit subject to any applicable law. Five shareholders of the company
           present in person or by proxy constitute a quorum for a general meeting. A shareholder who is entitled to attend and cast a vote at a general meeting of
           BHP Group Limited may appoint a person as a proxy to attend and vote for the shareholder in accordance with applicable law. All provisions of the
           Constitution relating to general meetings apply with any necessary modifications to any special meeting of any class of shareholders that may be held.
           
                                                                                               234
           Limitations of rights to own securities
           There are no limitations under the Constitution restricting the right to own BHP shares or other securities. The Australian Foreign Acquisitions and
           Takeovers Act 1975 imposes a number of conditions that restrict foreign ownership of Australian-based companies.

           For information on share control limits imposed by relevant laws refer to Additional information 9.8
           Documents on display
           Documents filed by BHP Group Limited on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) are available at asx.com.au and documents filed on the London
           Stock Exchange (LSE) are available at data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism. Documents filed on the ASX or on the LSE are not
           incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. The documents referred to in this Annual Report as being available on our website, bhp.com, are not
           incorporated by reference and do not form part of this Annual Report.

           BHP Group Limited files Annual Reports and other reports and information with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These
           filings are available on the SEC website at sec.gov

           9.5          Share ownership
           Share capital
           The details of the share capital for BHP Group Limited are presented in Financial Statements note 17 ‘Share capital’ and remain current as at 16 July
           2024.

           Substantial shareholders in BHP Group Limited
           BHP Group Limited is not directly or indirectly controlled by another corporation or by any government. No shareholder possesses voting rights that
           differ from those attaching to all of BHP Group Limited’s voting securities.

           The following table shows holdings of 5 per cent or more of voting rights in BHP Group Limited’s shares as notified to BHP Group Limited under the
           Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), Section 671B as at 16 July 2024.




For personal use only
           
                                                                                                Date of last notice
                                                                                                                                                 % of total
           Title of class                          Identity of person or group          Date received        Date of change Number owned voting rights1
           Ordinary shares                      BlackRock Group2                        03 February 2022      31 January 2022      347,008,470          6.85%
           Ordinary shares                      Citigroup Global Markets                    26 April 2022        21 April 2022 318,921,856.17         6.2999%
                                                Australia Pty Limited
           Ordinary shares                      State Street Corporation                    15 May 2024           13 May 2024      310,604,627           6.12%
           Ordinary shares                      The Vanguard Group Inc.               13 September 2022 07 September 2022          253,318,530         5.001%
           
           1.           The percentages quoted are based on the voting rights provided in the last substantial shareholders’ notice.
           
           2.           In addition, on 3 February 2022, BlackRock Group notified that, as of 31 January 2022, it owned 4,152,969 American Depositary Receipts, with a
                        voting power of 0.08 per cent. Each American Depositary Receipt represents two fully paid ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited.
           
                                                                                             235
           Twenty largest shareholders as at 16 July 2024 (as named on the Register of Shareholders)1
           
                                                                                                                                       Number of fully     % of issued
           BHP Group Limited                                                                                                            paid shares         capital
           1.  HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited 2                                                                               1,385,528,644           27.32
           2.  J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                                                   909,805,343           17.94
           3.  Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                                                   379,203,501             7.48
           4.  Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Citibank NY ADR DEP A/C>                                                                     289,613,351             5.71
           5.  Computershare Clearing Pty Ltd <CCNL DI A/C>3                                                                               230,277,141             4.54
           6.  South Africa Control A/C\C4                                                                                                 186,947,112             3.69
           7.  BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending A/C>                                                                           104,509,093             2.06
           8.  National Nominees Limited                                                                                                    75,964,078             1.50
           9.  BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd                                                                                                     68,456,596             1.35
           10. Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>                                                                 45,222,045             0.89
           11. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <Nt-Comnwlth Super Corp A/C>                                                       36,674,802             0.72
           12. BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Clearstream>                                                                                   24,925,705             0.49
           13. Computershare Nominees CI Ltd <ASX Shareplus Control A/C>                                                                    22,796,591             0.45
           14. BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <HUB24 Custodial Serv Ltd>                                                                      18,864,475            0.37
           15. Netwealth Investments Limited <Wrap Services A/C>                                                                            15,707,723             0.31
           16. Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                                             13,413,159             0.26
           17. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                                                    12,593,578             0.25
           18. Argo Investments Limited                                                                                                      9,990,464             0.20
           19. BNP Paribas Noms (NZ) Ltd                                                                                                     5,759,220             0.11
           20. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <Euroclear Bank SA NV A/C>                                                          5,574,343             0.11
                                                                                                                                         3,841,826,964           75.75
           
           1.           Many of the 20 largest shareholders shown for BHP Group Limited hold shares as a nominee or custodian. In accordance with the reporting
                        requirements, the tables reflect the legal ownership of shares and not the details of the underlying beneficial holders.




For personal use only
           
           2.           HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited is listed twice in the above table as they are registered separately under the same name on the share
                        register.
           
           3.           Computershare Clearing Pty Ltd <CCNL DI A/C> represents the Depositary Interest Register (UK).
           
           4.           South Africa Control A/C\C represents the South African branch register.
           
                                                                                           236
           US share ownership as at 16 July 2024
           
                                                                                                                                BHP Group Limited
                                                                                                                                         Number of           % of
                                                                                                                    Number of            fully paid         issued
                                                                                                                   shareholders   %        shares           capital
           Classification of holder
           Registered holders of voting securities                                                                         1,737    0.28      4,354,308          0.09
           ADR holders                                                                                                     1,851    0.30    289,590,7361         5.71
           
           1            The number of shares corresponds to 144,795,368 ADRs.

           Distribution of shareholdings by size as at 16 July 2024
           
                                                                                                                                 BHP Group Limited
                                                                                                                   Number of               Number of
                                                                                                                  shareholders     %         shares1             %
           Size of holding
           1 – 5002                                                                                                    299,724     48.57       58,313,947        1.15
           501 – 1,000                                                                                                 107,646     17.44       82,278,812        1.62
           1,001 – 5,000                                                                                               165,585     26.83      372,175,995        7.34
           5,001 – 10,000                                                                                               26,637      4.32      187,925,361        3.71
           10,001 – 25,000                                                                                              13,366      2.17      200,493,124        3.95
           25,001 – 50,000                                                                                               2,787      0.45       95,487,981        1.88
           50,001 – 100,000                                                                                                912      0.15       62,785,184        1.24
           100,001 – 250,000                                                                                               312      0.05       44,593,549        0.88
           250,001 – 500,000                                                                                                73      0.01       23,970,370        0.47
           500,001 – and over                                                                                               73      0.01    3,943,506,494       77.76




For personal use only
           Total                                                                                                       617,115       100    5,071,530,817         100
           
           1.           One ordinary share entitles the holder to one vote.
           
           2.           The number of BHP Group Limited shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel (A$500) based on the market price of A$43.08 as at
                        16 July 2024 was 7,576.
           
                                                                                         237
           9.6          Dividends
           Policy
           The Group adopted a dividend policy in February 2016 that provides for a minimum 50 per cent payout of Underlying attributable profit (Continuing
           operations) at every reporting period.


           For information on Underlying attributable profit (Continuing operations) for FY2024 refer to OFR 4.2 and OFR 10
           The Board will assess, at each reporting period, the ability to pay amounts additional to the minimum payment, in accordance with the Capital
           Allocation Framework, as described in OFR 2.

           In FY2024, we determined our dividends and other distributions in US dollars as it is our main functional currency.


           Payments
           BHP Group Limited shareholders may have their cash dividends paid directly into their bank account in Australian dollars, UK pounds sterling, New
           Zealand dollars, South African rand or US dollars, provided they have submitted direct credit details and if required, a valid currency election
           nominating a financial institution to the BHP Share Registrar no later than close of business on the dividend reinvestment plan election date. BHP Group
           Limited shareholders who do not provide their direct credit details will receive dividend payments by way of a cheque in Australian dollars. BHP Group
           Limited shareholders who reside in New Zealand must provide valid direct credit details to receive their dividend payment.


           Dividend reinvestment plan
           BHP offers a dividend reinvestment plan to registered shareholders, which provides shareholders the opportunity to reinvest dividends to purchase
           additional BHP shares in the market, rather than receiving dividends in cash. Participation in the plan is entirely optional and is subject to the terms and
           conditions of the plan, which can be found at bhp.com/DRP.


           9.7          American Depositary Receipts fees and charges




For personal use only
           We have an American Depositary Receipts (ADR) program for BHP Group Limited which has a 2:1 ordinary shares to American Depositary Share
           (ADS) ratio.


           Depositary fees
           Citibank serves as the depositary bank for our ADR program. ADR holders agree to the terms in the deposit agreement filed with the SEC for depositing
           ordinary shares or surrendering ADSs for cancellation and for certain services as provided by Citibank. Holders are required to pay certain fees for
           general depositary services provided by Citibank, as set out in the tables below.


           Standard depositary fees
           
           Depositary service                                                                  Fee payable by the ADR holders
           Issuance of ADSs upon deposit of shares                                             Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) issued
           Delivery of Deposited Securities against surrender of ADSs                          Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) surrendered
           Distribution of Cash Dividends                                                      Up to US$1.50 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) held


           Corporate actions depositary fees
           
           Depositary service                                                                  Fee payable by the ADR holders
           Cash Distributions other than Cash Dividends (i.e. sale of rights, other            Up to US$2.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) held
           entitlements, return of capital)
           Distribution of ADSs pursuant to exercise of rights to purchase additional          Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) held
           ADSs. Excludes stock dividends and stock splits
           Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to purchase additional         Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) held
           ADSs (i.e., spin-off shares)
           Distribution of ADSs pursuant to an ADR ratio change in which shares are            No fee
           distributed
           
                                                                                         238
           Fees payable by the Depositary to the Issuer
           Citibank has provided a BHP net reimbursement of US$2,512,358.75 in FY2024 for ADR program-related expenses for BHP’s ADR program. ADR
           program-related expenses include legal and accounting fees, listing fees, expenses related to investor relations in the United States, fees payable to
           service providers for the distribution of material to ADR holders, expenses of Citibank as administrator of the ADS Direct Plan and expenses to remain
           in compliance with applicable laws.

           Citibank has further agreed to waive other ADR program-related expenses for FY2024, amounting to US$5,812.12, which are associated with the
           administration of the ADR program.

           The ADSs issued under our ADR program trade on the NYSE under the stock ticker BHP. As of 16 July 2024, there were 144,795,368 ADSs on issue
           and outstanding in the BHP Group Limited ADR program.


           Charges
           Holders are also required to pay the following charges in connection with depositing of ordinary shares and surrendering ADSs for cancellation and for
           the purpose of withdrawing deposited securities: taxes and other governmental charges, registration fees, transmission and delivery expenses, expenses
           and charges incurred by the depositary in the conversion of foreign currency, fees and expenses of the depositary in connection with compliance with
           exchange control regulations and other regulatory requirements and fees and expenses incurred by the depositary or other nominee in connection with
           servicing or delivery of deposit securities.


           9.8          Supplemental cybersecurity disclosures for US reporting
           Our approach to managing material risks from cyber threats is integrated into our overall risk management processes. Cybersecurity risks are addressed
           by BHP’s Risk Framework, a system of control for identifying and managing risks, implemented by the CEO.

           For information on our Risk Framework refer to OFR 8

           We employ a number of measures designed to protect against, detect and respond to cyber threats, events or attacks, including BHP’s mandatory




For personal use only
           minimum performance requirements for technology and cybersecurity, cybersecurity performance requirements for suppliers and cybersecurity
           resilience programs. In addition, cybersecurity standards, cybersecurity risk and control guidance, security awareness programs and training to build
           capability, security assessments and continuous monitoring, restricted physical access to hardware and crisis management plans are also in place to
           manage cybersecurity.

           We utilise dedicated internal and external cybersecurity personnel to focus on assessing, detecting, identifying, managing, preventing and responding to
           cyber threats, events and attacks. We have a dedicated cybersecurity team, which has been in place since 2016 and has 24/7 monitoring and response
           capability that leverages core in-house capability and external service providers. Our assets, functions and projects are responsible for managing
           localised or project-specific exposure to technology and cyber risks, including risks associated with business-critical technology systems, with guidance
           provided by our cybersecurity team. Enterprise-level risks that are specific to technology, such as those that pose a greater threat to our wider business
           and strategic opportunities, are managed by our global Technology team and other relevant stakeholders.

           We regularly evaluate and assess the threat landscape and our security controls, including through audits and assessments, regular network and endpoint
           monitoring, vulnerability testing, penetration testing and tabletop exercises that include members of BHP’s management team. To assess the design and
           effectiveness of our cybersecurity controls, we engage with assessors, consultants, auditors or other third parties, including through independent third-
           party reviews of our information technology security program conducted on a periodic basis. We have processes in place to consider and remediate any
           findings from these reviews and assessments as required. We also have processes to oversee and identify material cybersecurity risks associated with our
           use of third-party service providers, including performing diligence on certain third parties that have access to our systems, data or facilities that store
           such systems or data and we continually monitor cybersecurity risks identified through such diligence. We also utilise contractual clauses to manage
           cybersecurity risks, including by requiring certain agreements to be subject to periodic cybersecurity audits.

           We have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity threats in the past; however, no prior cybersecurity incident has materially affected our
           business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.

           For information on our risk factors refer to OFR 8.1


           Governance
           The Board, supported by the Risk and Audit Committee (RAC), is responsible for oversight of emerging and principal risks facing the Group. The Board
           and the RAC receive updates on the Group’s cybersecurity position, and the Group has policies in place through the Group’s disclosure process that are
           designed to escalate material incidents.
           
                                                                                       239
           For information on other Board Committee activities that support risk governance at BHP refer to the above ‘Risk governance’ disclosures and
           the Corporate Governance Statement 5
           The CEO is responsible for the effectiveness of BHP’s Risk Framework with oversight from the Board. Primary responsibility for Technology and
           Systems Group Risk (which includes the cybersecurity risks), rests with the Chief Technical Officer under authority delegated by the CEO.

           The Chief Technical Officer is accountable for and establishes the risk appetite for Technology and Systems, while the Vice President (VP) Technology
           Secure & Architecture is responsible for overseeing the performance of cybersecurity risks in the Technology and Systems Group Risk category within
           that risk appetite, and provides reports concerning these matters to the Chief Technical Officer.

           Our VP Technology Secure & Architecture oversees the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their
           management of, and participation in, our cybersecurity risk management and cybersecurity strategy processes described above.

           Our VP Technology Secure & Architecture leads the BHP cybersecurity team involved in monitoring and managing our cyber security threat risk and
           assurance process. That team includes personnel with significant information technology experience. During FY2024, two individuals held the role of
           VP Technology Secure & Architecture, each of whom has more than 25 years of experience in the information technology and information security
           field, including serving as chief information security officer (CISO) and deputy CISO at other large companies. Our current VP Technology Secure &
           Architecture holds a number of qualified technical expert certifications, including Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) since
           2001 and various cybersecurity-related technical certifications, in addition to Master in Information Technology (specialising in Information Security)
           and Master in Business Administration degrees, and is active in various cybersecurity industry collaboration groups internationally.


           9.9          Government regulations
           Our business is subject to a broad range of laws and regulations imposed by governments and regulatory bodies. These laws and regulations touch all
           aspects of our business, including how we extract, process and explore for minerals and how we conduct our operations, including laws and regulations
           governing matters such as environmental protection, land rehabilitation, occupational health and safety, human rights, cultural heritage, the rights and
           interests of Indigenous peoples, competition, foreign investment, export, marketing of minerals, and taxes.

           The ability to extract and process minerals is fundamental to BHP. In most jurisdictions, the rights to extract mineral deposits are owned by the
           government. We obtain the right to access the land and extract the product by entering into licences or leases with the government that owns the mineral




For personal use only
           deposit. We also rely on governments to grant the rights necessary to transport and treat the extracted material to prepare it for sale. The terms of the
           lease or licence, including the time period of the lease or licence, vary depending on the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdiction or terms
           negotiated with the relevant government.

           Generally, we own the product we extract and we are required to pay royalties or other taxes to the government. In Australia and Chile, recent reforms to
           mining royalties laws have been adopted. For example, from 1 July 2022, a progressive system of coal royalties in the State of Queensland was adopted,
           resulting in higher royalty rates as the price of coal passes certain monetary thresholds. In May 2024, the Queensland Government introduced new
           legislation to Parliament which, if passed, would prevent future governments from reversing these higher royalty rates without parliamentary approval.
           Similarly, in September 2023, the State of New South Wales introduced a new coal royalty scheme, replacing the emergency domestic coal cap and
           reservation measures. This increase took effect on 1 July 2024, increasing the royalty rate payable for different methods of extraction by 2.6 percentage
           points. In May 2023, the Chilean Congress approved a mining royalty bill to establish a new regulatory tax framework for copper mining activities,
           which, in general terms, established that mining operators are subject to an ad-valorem component plus a margin component, with a maximum tax rate
           of 46.5 per cent. The new Chilean mining royalties took effect from 1 January 2024, subject to existing tax stability agreements. In most instances, the
           rights to explore for minerals are granted to us by the government that owns the natural resources we wish to explore. Usually, the right to explore
           carries with it the obligation to spend a defined amount of money on the exploration, or to undertake particular exploration activities.

           Environmental protection, mine closure, land rehabilitation, cultural heritage and occupational health and safety are principally regulated by
           governments and to a lesser degree, if applicable, by conditions under leases or licences. These obligations often require us to make substantial
           expenditures to minimise or remediate the environmental impact of our assets and to ensure the safety of our employees, contractors and the
           communities where we operate.

           In many of the jurisdictions where we or our suppliers or customers operate, legislation and regulations are increasingly being enacted in response to the
           potential impacts of climate change and to implement international environmental commitments. For example, as a result of the Paris Agreement a
           number of governments, including Australia, Chile, Canada and the United States, have submitted Nationally Determined Contributions to reduce
           national greenhouse gas emissions (GHG). Further, the governments in a number of regions where we or our suppliers or customers operate have
           advanced targets and goals to reduce GHGs. In Australia, the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) imposes requirements for
           corporations meeting a certain threshold to register and report company information about GHGs and energy production and consumption as part of a
           single, national reporting scheme and establishes the Safeguard Mechanism to keep certain GHG emissions at or below legislated limits, known as
           baselines, for Australia’s largest industrial facilities. On 1 July 2023, amendments to the Safeguard Mechanism commenced operation, which require
           facility baselines for Scope 1 GHG emissions at Australia’s largest industrial facilities to be decreased in accordance with a set decline rate, with a view
           to achieving consistent and gradual emission reductions on a trajectory consistent with achieving Australia’s GHG emission reduction targets of 43 per
           cent below 2005 levels by 2030 and net zero by 2050. Facilities that exceed their progressively declining legislated baselines may apply credits to meet
           the compliance obligations.
           
                                                                                       240
           Regulations setting emissions standards for fuels used to power vehicles and equipment at our assets and the modes of transport used in our supply
           chains can also have a substantial impact, both directly and indirectly, on the markets for these products, with flow-on impacts on our costs.

           A number of governments and regulators in relevant jurisdictions for BHP have proposed or foreshadowed disclosure rules that would require enhanced
           climate-related and broader sustainability-related disclosures. For example, in Australia, the Federal Government has proposed legislation that would
           implement a new mandatory climate-related financial disclosure regime and associated auditing and assurance requirements, intended to be phased in
           from 1 January 2025. There is also growing focus on mandatory corporate due diligence and reporting for climate- and broader sustainability-related
           issues in the value chain. For example, the new European Union (EU) Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive requires in-scope companies to
           conduct human rights and environmental due diligence on the company’s own operations and their business partners’ chain of activities (largely
           upstream). While it is not yet possible to reasonably estimate the exact nature, extent, timing and cost or other impacts of any future climate-related or
           broader sustainability-related regulatory programs or future legislative action that may be enacted, we anticipate we will be required to dedicate more
           resources to address legislative or regulatory changes.

           In Australia, national environmental law is currently undergoing review with the potential for significant reform, including an emphasis on addressing
           environmental decline and achieving nature-positive outcomes, although timing, scope and outcome remain uncertain. Aspects of heritage protection
           laws in Australia have also been reviewed. For example, in November 2023, the Western Australian parliament repealed the Aboriginal Cultural
           Heritage Act 2021 (WA) and reverted to the previous Aboriginal Cultural Heritage Act 1972 (WA) (with limited amendments).

           Our business is also subject to a number of regulations and legal developments relating to employee relations.

           From time to time, certain trade sanctions are adopted by the United Nations (UN) Security Council and/or various governments, including in the United
           Kingdom, the United States, the European Union (EU), China and Australia against certain countries, entities or individuals, that may restrict our ability
           to sell extracted minerals or other products to and/or our ability to purchase goods or services from, these countries, entities or individuals.


           Shareholding limits
           Under current Australian legislation, the payment of any dividends, interest or other payments by BHP Group Limited to non-resident holders of BHP
           Group Limited’s shares is not restricted by exchange controls or other limitations, except that in certain circumstances, BHP Group Limited may be




For personal use only
           required to withhold Australian taxes.

           From time to time, certain sanctions are adopted by the UN Security Council and/or various governments, including in the United Kingdom, the United
           States, the EU and Australia. Those sanctions prohibit, or in some cases impose, certain approval and reporting requirements on transactions involving
           sanctioned countries, entities and individuals and/or assets controlled or owned by them. Certain transfers into or out of Australia of amounts greater
           than A$10,000 in any currency may also be subject to reporting requirements.

           The Australian Foreign Acquisitions and Takeovers Act 1975 (the FATA) restricts certain acquisitions of interests in securities in Australian companies,
           including BHP Group Limited. Generally, under the FATA, the prior approval of the Australian Treasurer must be obtained for proposals by a foreign
           person (either alone or together with its associates) to acquire 20 per cent or more of the voting power or issued securities in an Australian company.
           Lower approval thresholds apply in certain circumstances, including for acquisitions of interests in entities that operate a ‘national security business’,
           and acquisitions of interests by foreign government investors of voting power or issued securities in an Australian company.

           The FATA also empowers the Treasurer to make certain orders prohibiting acquisitions by foreign persons in Australian companies, including BHP
           Group Limited (and requiring divestiture if the acquisition has occurred) where the Treasurer considers the acquisition to be contrary to national security
           or the national interest.

           Except for the restrictions under the FATA, there are no limitations, either under Australian law or under the Constitution of BHP Group Limited, on the
           right of non-residents to hold or vote BHP Group Limited ordinary shares.
           
                                                                                       241
           Post-unification requirements under FATA
           The Treasurer gave approval under the FATA for the actions taken as part of implementation of the unification of BHP’s DLC structure on the conditions
           set out below:
           
           •            BHP Group Limited remains an Australian resident company, incorporated under the Corporations Act, that is listed on the ASX under the name
                        ‘BHP Group Limited’ and trades under that name.
           
           •            BHP Group Limited remains the ultimate holding company of and continues to ultimately manage and control the companies conducting the
                        businesses that are presently conducted by the subsidiaries of BHP Group Limited, including the Minerals and Services businesses, for so long as
                        those businesses form part of the BHP Group.
           
           •            The headquarters of BHP Group Limited (including the BHP Group’s corporate head offices) are in Australia.
           
           •            The Chief Executive Officer of BHP Group Limited has their principal office in Australia.
           
           •            The centre of administrative and practical management of BHP Group Limited is in Australia and BHP Group Limited’s corporate head office
                        activities, of the kind presently carried on in Australia, continue to be managed in Australia.
           
           •            The headquarters of BHP Group Limited is publicly acknowledged as being in Australia in significant public announcements and in all public
                        documents.
           
           •            The Chief Executive Officer of BHP Group Limited has their principal place of residence in Australia.
           
           •            The majority of all regularly scheduled Board meetings of BHP Group Limited in any calendar year occurs in Australia.
           
                                                                                           242




For personal use only
           9.10          Taxation
           The taxation discussion below describes the material Australian and US federal income tax consequences to a US holder owning BHP Group Limited
           ordinary shares or ADSs.

           The following discussion is not relevant to non-US holders of BHP Group Limited ordinary shares or ADSs. By its nature, the commentary below is of a
           general nature and we recommend that holders of ordinary shares or ADSs consult their own tax advisers regarding the Australian and US federal, state
           and local tax and other tax consequences of owning and disposing of ordinary shares and ADSs in their particular circumstances.

           For purposes of this commentary, a US holder is a beneficial owner of ordinary shares or ADSs who is, for US federal income tax purposes:
           
           •            a citizen or resident alien of the US;
           
           •            a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for US federal income tax purposes) that is created or organised under the laws of the US or
                        any political subdivision thereof;
           
           •            an estate, the income of which is subject to US federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
           
           •            a trust:
           
                        (a)        if a court within the US is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more US persons have the authority to
                                   control all of its substantial decisions; or
           
                        (b)        that has made a valid election to be treated as a US person for tax purposes.

           This discussion of material tax consequences for US holders is based on the Australian and US laws currently in effect, the published practice of tax
           authorities in those jurisdictions and the double taxation treaties and conventions currently in existence. These laws are subject to change, possibly on a
           retroactive basis.


           (a) Australian taxation




For personal use only
           Dividends
           Dividends (including other distributions treated as dividends for Australian tax purposes) paid by BHP Group Limited to a US holder that is not an
           Australian resident for Australian tax purposes will generally not be subject to Australian withholding tax if they are fully franked (broadly, where a
           dividend is franked, tax paid by BHP Group Limited is imputed to the shareholders).

           Dividends paid to such US holders, which are not fully franked, will generally be subject to Australian withholding tax not exceeding 15 per cent only to
           the extent (if any) that the dividend is neither:
           
           •            franked; nor
           
           •            declared by BHP Group Limited to be conduit foreign income. Broadly, this means that the relevant part of the dividend is declared to have been
                        paid out of foreign source amounts received by BHP Group Limited that are not subject to tax in Australia, such as dividends remitted to Australia
                        by foreign subsidiaries.

           The Australian withholding tax outcome described above applies to US holders who are eligible for benefits under the Tax Convention between
           Australia and the US as to the Avoidance of Double Taxation (the Australian Tax Treaty) that are not companies that directly hold at least 10 per cent of
           the voting power of BHP Group Limited. If a US holder is not eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty, the rate of Australian withholding
           tax may be 30 per cent. If a US holder is eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty and is a company that directly holds at least 10 per cent of
           the voting power of BHP Group Limited, the rate is 5 per cent.

           In contrast, dividends (including other distributions treated as dividends for Australian tax purposes) paid by BHP Group Limited to a US holder may
           instead be taxed by assessment in Australia if the US holder:
           
           •            is considered to be also an Australian resident for Australian tax purposes. In this case, any franking credits attached to the distribution will be
                        creditable against their Australian income tax liability, and if the US holder is eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty as a treaty
                        resident of the US, any remaining Australian tax will generally be capped at 15 per cent of the gross dividend; or
           
           •            carries on business in Australia through a permanent establishment as defined in the Australian Tax Treaty, or performs personal services from a
                        fixed base in Australia, and the shareholding in respect of which the dividend is paid is effectively connected with that permanent establishment or
                        fixed base. However, in such a case any franking credits may be creditable against the Australian income tax liability.

           The treatment of dividends outlined above may be modified where the shareholding in BHP Group Limited is held through a trust, limited partnership,
           limited liability company, pension fund, sovereign wealth fund or other investment vehicle. Affected US holders should seek their own advice in relation
           to such arrangements.


           Sale of ordinary shares and ADSs
           Gains made by US holders on the sale of ordinary shares or ADSs will generally not be taxed in Australia.

           However, the precise Australian tax treatment of gains made by US holders on the sale of ordinary shares or ADSs generally depends on whether or not
           the gain is an Australian sourced gain of an income nature for Australian income tax purposes.
           
                                                                                                 243
           Where the gain is of an income nature, a US holder will generally only be liable to Australian income tax on an assessment basis (whether or not they
           are also an Australian resident for Australian tax purposes) if:
           
           •            they are not eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty and the gain is sourced in Australia for Australian tax purposes; or
           
           •            they are eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty but the gain constitutes any of the following (in which case the gain will be deemed
                        to have an Australian source):
           
                        –      business profits of an enterprise attributable to a permanent establishment situated in Australia through which the enterprise carries on
                               business in Australia; or
           
                        –      income or gains from the alienation of property that form part of the business property of a permanent establishment of an enterprise that
                               the US holder has in Australia, or pertain to a fixed base available to the US holder in Australia for the purpose of performing independent
                               personal services; or
           
                        –      income derived from the disposition of shares in a company, the assets of which consist wholly or principally of real property (which
                               includes rights to exploit or to explore for natural resources) situated in Australia, whether such assets are held directly or indirectly
                               through one or more interposed entities.

           Where the gain is not taxed as Australian sourced income, the US holder will generally only be liable to Australian capital gains tax on an assessment
           basis if they acquired (or are deemed to have acquired) their shares or ADSs after 19 September 1985 and one or more of the following applies:
           
           •            the US holder is an Australian resident for Australian tax purposes; or
           
           •            the ordinary shares or ADSs have been used by the US holder in carrying on a business through a permanent establishment in Australia; or
           
           •            the ordinary shares or ADSs constitute an ‘indirect Australian real property interest’ for Australian capital gains tax (CGT) purposes. This will
                        generally be the case if the US holder (either alone or together with associates) directly or indirectly owns or owned 10 per cent or more of the
                        issued share capital of BHP Group Limited at the time of the disposal or throughout a 12-month period during the two years prior to the time of
                        disposal and, at the time of the disposal, the sum of the market values of BHP Group Limited’s assets that are taxable Australian real property
                        (held directly or through interposed entities) exceeds the sum of the market values of BHP Group Limited’s assets (held directly or through




For personal use only
                        interposed entities) that are not taxable Australian real property (which, for these purposes includes mining, quarrying or prospecting rights in
                        respect of minerals, petroleum or quarry materials situated in Australia); or
           
           •            the US holder is an individual who is not eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty as a treaty resident of the US and elected on
                        becoming a non-resident of Australia to continue to have the ordinary shares or ADSs subject to Australian capital gains tax.

           In certain circumstances, if the ordinary shares or ADSs constitute an ‘indirect Australian real property interest’ for Australian CGT purposes, the
           purchaser may be required to withhold under the non-resident CGT withholding regime an amount equal to 12.5 per cent of the purchase price in
           situations including where the acquisition is undertaken by way of an off-market transfer. Affected US holders should seek their own advice in relation
           to how this withholding regime may apply to them.

           The comments above on the sale of ordinary shares and ADSs do not apply:
           
           •            to temporary residents of Australia who should seek advice that is specific to their circumstances; or
           
           •            if the Investment Management Regime (IMR) applies to the US holder, which exempts from Australian income tax and CGT gains made on
                        disposals by certain categories of non-resident funds (called IMR entities) of portfolio interests in Australian public companies (subject to a
                        number of conditions). The IMR exemptions broadly apply to widely held IMR entities in relation to their direct investments and indirect
                        investments made through an independent Australian fund manager. The exemptions apply to gains made by IMR entities that are treated as
                        companies for Australian tax purposes as well as gains made by non-resident investors in IMR entities that are treated as trusts and partnerships
                        for Australian tax purposes.


           Stamp duty, gift, estate and inheritance tax
           Australia does not impose any stamp duty, gift, estate or inheritance taxes in relation to transfers or gifts of shares or ADSs or upon the death of a
           shareholder.


           (b) US taxation
           This section describes the material US federal income tax consequences to a US holder of owning ordinary shares or ADSs. It applies only to ordinary
           shares or ADSs that are held as capital assets for tax purposes. This discussion addresses only US federal income taxation and does not discuss all of the
           tax consequences that may be relevant to US holders in light of their individual circumstances, including foreign, state or local tax consequences, estate
           and gift tax consequences, and tax consequences arising under the Medicare contribution tax on net investment income. This section does not apply to a
           holder of ordinary shares or ADSs that is a member of a special class of holders subject to special rules, including a dealer in securities, a trader in
           securities that elects to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for its securities holdings, a tax-exempt organisation, a life insurance company, a
           person liable for alternative minimum tax, a person who actually or constructively owns 10 per cent or more of the combined voting power of the voting
           stock or of the total value of the stock of BHP Group Limited, a person that holds ordinary shares or ADSs as part of a straddle or a hedging or
           conversion transaction, a person that purchases or sells ordinary shares or ADSs as part of a wash sale for tax purposes, or a person whose functional
           currency is not the US dollar.
           
                                                                                              244
           If an entity or arrangement that is treated as a partnership for US federal income tax purposes holds the ordinary shares or ADSs, the US federal income
           tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding
           the ordinary shares or ADSs should consult its tax adviser with regard to the US federal income tax treatment of an investment in the ordinary shares or
           ADSs.

           This section is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations, published rulings and
           court decisions, and the Australian Tax Treaty, all as currently in effect. These authorities are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis.

           This section is in part based on the representations of the Depositary and the assumption that each obligation in the deposit agreement and any related
           agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms.

           In general, for US federal income tax purposes, a holder of ADSs will be treated as the owner of the ordinary shares represented by those ADSs.
           Exchanges of ordinary shares for ADSs, and ADSs for ordinary shares, generally will not be subject to US federal income tax.


           Dividends
           Under US federal income tax laws and subject to the Passive Foreign Investment Company (PFIC) rules discussed below, a US holder must include in
           its gross income the amount of any dividend paid by BHP Group Limited out of its current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for US
           federal income tax purposes) plus any Australian tax withheld from the dividend payment even though the holder does not receive it. The dividend is
           taxable to the holder when the holder, in the case of ordinary shares, or the Depositary, in the case of ADSs, actually or constructively receives the
           dividend.

           Dividends paid to a non-corporate US holder on shares or ADSs will be taxable at the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains provided
           the US holder holds the shares or ADSs for more than 60 days during the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the ex-dividend date and does not
           enter into certain risk reduction transactions with respect to the shares or ADSs during the abovementioned holding period. However, a non-corporate
           US holder that elects to treat the dividend income as ‘investment income’ pursuant to Section 163(d)(4) of the US Internal Revenue Code will not be
           eligible for such preferential rates. In the case of a corporate US holder, dividends on shares and ADSs are taxed as ordinary income and will not be
           eligible for the dividends received deduction generally allowed to US corporations in respect of dividends received from other US corporations.




For personal use only
           Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for US federal income tax purposes, will be treated as a
           non-taxable return of capital to the extent of the holder’s tax basis, determined in US dollars, in the ordinary shares or ADSs and thereafter as a capital
           gain. However, BHP Group Limited does not expect to calculate earnings and profits in accordance with US federal income tax principles. Accordingly,
           holders should expect to generally treat distributions made by BHP Group Limited as dividends.

           The amount of any cash distribution paid in any foreign currency will be equal to the US dollar value of such currency, calculated by reference to the
           spot rate in effect on the date such distribution is received by the US holder or, in the case of ADSs, by the Depositary, regardless of whether and when
           the foreign currency is in fact converted into US dollars. If the foreign currency is converted into US dollars on the date received, the US holder
           generally should not recognise foreign currency gain or loss on such conversion. If the foreign currency is not converted into US dollars on the date
           received, the US holder will have a basis in the foreign currency equal to its US dollar value on the date of the distribution, and generally will recognise
           foreign currency gain or loss on a subsequent conversion or other disposal of such currency. Such foreign currency gain or loss generally will be treated
           as ordinary income or loss ineligible for the preferential tax rate applicable to dividend income and generally will be income or loss from US sources for
           foreign tax credit limitation purposes.

           Subject to certain limitations, Australian tax withheld in accordance with the Australian Tax Treaty and paid over to Australia will be creditable against
           an individual’s US federal income tax liability. Special rules apply in determining the foreign tax credit limitation with respect to dividends that are
           taxed at the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains. To the extent a reduction or refund of the tax withheld is available to a US holder
           under Australian law or under the Australian Tax Treaty, the amount of tax withheld that could have been reduced or that is refundable will not be
           eligible for credit against the holder’s US federal income tax liability. A US holder that does not elect to claim a US foreign tax credit may instead claim
           a deduction for Australian income tax withheld, but only for a taxable year in which the US holder elects to do so with respect to all foreign income
           taxes paid or accrued in such taxable year.

           Dividends will be income from sources outside the US, and generally will be ‘passive category’ income for the purpose of computing the foreign tax
           credit allowable to a US holder. In general, a taxpayer’s ability to use foreign tax credits may be limited and is dependent on the particular
           circumstances. US holders should consult their tax advisers with respect to these matters.


           Sale of ordinary shares and ADSs
           Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a US holder who sells or otherwise disposes of ordinary shares or ADSs will recognise a capital gain or loss
           for US federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the US dollar value of the amount realised and the holder’s tax basis, determined in
           US dollars, in those ordinary shares or ADSs. The gain or loss will generally be income or loss from sources within the US for foreign tax credit
           limitation purposes. The capital gain of a non-corporate US holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period greater
           than 12 months in the shares or ADSs sold. There are limitations on the deductibility of capital losses.

           The US dollar value of any foreign currency received upon a sale or other disposition of ordinary shares or ADSs will be calculated by reference to the
           spot rate in effect on the date of sale or other disposal (or, in the case of a cash basis or electing accrual basis taxpayer, on the settlement date). A US
           holder will have a tax basis in the foreign currency received equal to that US dollar amount, and generally will recognise foreign currency gain or loss
           on a subsequent conversion or other disposal of the foreign currency. This foreign currency gain or loss generally will be treated as US source ordinary
           income or loss for foreign tax credit limitation purposes.
           
                                                                                        245
           Passive Foreign Investment Company rules
           We do not believe that the BHP Group Limited ordinary shares or ADSs will be treated as stock of a PFIC for US federal income tax purposes, but this
           conclusion is a factual determination that was made at the end of FY2024 and thus may be subject to change. If BHP Group Limited were treated as a
           PFIC, any gain realised on the sale or other disposition of ordinary shares or ADSs would in general not be treated as a capital gain. Instead, a US holder
           would be treated as if it had realised such gain and certain ‘excess distributions’ ratably over its holding period for the ordinary shares or ADSs and
           would be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for each such year to which the gain was allocated, together with an interest charge in respect of the tax
           attributable to each such year. In addition, dividends received with respect to ordinary shares or ADSs would not be eligible for the preferential tax rates
           applicable to dividend income if BHP Group Limited were a PFIC either in the taxable year of the distribution or the preceding taxable year, but instead
           would be taxable at rates applicable to ordinary income. Assuming the shares or ADSs are ‘marketable stock’, a US holder may mitigate the adverse tax
           consequences described above by electing to be taxed annually on a mark-to-market basis with respect to such shares or ADSs.
           
                                                                                       246




For personal use only
           10.          Glossary
           10.1         Mining-related terms
           3D
           Three dimensional.


           APEGS
           Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Saskatchewan.


           ASPB
           Alberta Society of Professional Biologists


           AusIMM
           The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.


           Beneficiation
           The process of physically separating ore from waste material prior to subsequent processing of the improved ore.


           Bituminous
           Coal of intermediate rank with relatively high carbon content.


           Block cave




For personal use only
           An area resulting from an underground mining method where the orebody is undermined to make it collapse under its own weight.


           Brownfield
           The development or exploration located inside the area of influence of existing mine operations which can share infrastructure/management.


           Coal reserves
           Equivalent to mineral reserves, but specifically concerning coal.


           Coal resources
           Equivalent to mineral resources, but specifically concerning coal.


           Coking coal
           Used in the manufacture of coke, which is used in the steelmaking process by virtue of its carbonisation properties. Coking coal may also be referred to
           as metallurgical coal.


           Copper cathode
           Electrolytically refined copper that has been deposited on the cathode of an electrolytic bath of acidified copper sulphate solution. The refined copper
           may also be produced through leaching and electrowinning.


           Cut-off grade
           Cut-off grade is the grade (i.e., the concentration of metal or mineral in rock) that determines the destination of the material during mining. For purposes
           of establishing “prospects of economic extraction,” the cut-off grade is the grade that distinguishes material deemed to have no economic value (it will
           not be mined in underground mining or if mined in surface mining, its destination will be the waste dump) from material deemed to have economic
           value (its ultimate destination during mining will be a processing facility). Other terms used in similar fashion as cut-off grade include net smelter
           return, pay limit, and break-even stripping ratio.


           Development stage
           Development stage, as used in “Additional Information — Information on mining operations”, refers to a property that has mineral reserves disclosed,
           pursuant to S-K 1300, but no material extraction.


           Economically viable
           Economically viable, when used in the context of mineral reserve determination, means that the qualified person has determined, using a discounted
           cash flow analysis, or has otherwise analytically determined, that extraction of the mineral reserve is economically viable under reasonable investment
           and market assumptions.


           Electrowinning/electrowon
           An electrochemical process in which metal is recovered by dissolving a metal within an electrolyte and plating it onto an electrode.


           Energy coal
           Used as a fuel source in electrical power generation, cement manufacture and various industrial applications. Energy coal may also be referred to as
           steaming or thermal coal.
           
                                                                                       247
           Exploration stage
           Exploration stage, as used in “Additional Information — Information on mining operations”, refers to a property that has no mineral reserves disclosed.


           Feasibility study
           Feasibility study is a comprehensive technical and economic study of the selected development option for a mineral project, which includes detailed
           assessments of all applicable modifying factors, together with any other relevant operational factors, and detailed financial analysis that are necessary to
           demonstrate, at the time of reporting, that extraction is economically viable. The results of the study may serve as the basis for a final decision by a
           proponent or financial institution to proceed with, or finance, the development of the project.


           First principles
           First principles refers to building up the costs for a piece of work considering all the parts and activities needed to put it together.


           Flotation
           A method of selectively recovering minerals from finely ground ore using a froth created in water by specific reagents. In the flotation process, certain
           mineral particles are induced to float by becoming attached to bubbles of froth and the unwanted mineral particles sink.


           Full SaL
           A processing technology which allows the extraction of copper using chlorine-assisted leaching predominantly for sulphidic material.


           Grade or Quality
           Any physical or chemical measurement of the characteristics of the material of interest in samples or product.




For personal use only
           Greenfield
           The development or exploration located outside the area of influence of existing mine operations/infrastructure.


           Hypogene Sulphide
           Hypogene mineralisation is formed by fluids at high temperature and pressure derived from magmatic activity. Copper in Hypogene Sulphide is mainly
           provident from the copper bearing mineral chalcopyrite and higher metal recoveries are achieved via grinding/flotation concentration processes.


           Indicated mineral resources
           Indicated mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity, grade or quality are estimated on the basis of adequate geological
           evidence and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with an indicated mineral resource is sufficient to allow a qualified person to apply
           modifying factors in in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Because an indicated mineral
           resource has a lower level of confidence than the level of confidence of a measured mineral resource, an indicated mineral resource may only be
           converted to a probable mineral reserve.


           Inferred mineral resources
           Inferred mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological
           evidence and sampling. The level of geological uncertainty associated with an inferred mineral resource is too high to apply relevant technical and
           economic factors likely to influence the prospects of economic extraction in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability. Because an inferred
           mineral resource has the lowest level of geological confidence of all mineral resources, which prevents the application of the modifying factors in a
           manner useful for evaluation of economic viability, an inferred mineral resource may not be considered when assessing the economic viability of a
           mining project, and may not be converted to a mineral reserve.


           In situ
           Situated in the original place.


           JORC
           The Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee.


           JORC Code
           A set of minimum standards, recommendations and guidelines for public reporting in Australasia of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
           Reserves. The guidelines are defined by JORC, which is sponsored by the Australian mining industry and its professional organisations.


           Leaching
           The process by which a soluble metal can be economically recovered from minerals in ore by dissolution.


           Limited geological evidence
           Limited geological evidence, when used in the context of mineral resource determination, means evidence that is only sufficient to establish that
           geological and grade or quality continuity are more likely than not.


           LOI (loss on ignition)
           A measure of the percentage of volatile matter (liquid or gas) contained within a mineral or rock. LOI is determined to calculate loss in mass when
           subjected to high temperatures.
           
                                                                                         248
           Marketable coal reserves
           Tonnes of coal available, at specified moisture content and air-dried qualities, for sale after the beneficiation of coal reserves.


           Material of economic interest
           Material of economic interest, when used in the context of mineral resource determination, includes mineralisation, including dumps and tailings,
           mineral brines, and other resources extracted on or within the earth’s crust. It does not include oil and gas resources resulting from oil and gas producing
           activities, gases (e.g., helium and carbon dioxide), geothermal fields, and water.


           Measured mineral resources
           Measured mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity, grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive geological
           evidence and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with a measured mineral resource is sufficient to allow a qualified person to apply
           modifying factors in sufficient detail to support detailed mine planning and final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Because a measured
           mineral resource has a higher level of confidence than the level of confidence of either an indicated mineral resource or an inferred mineral resource, a
           measured mineral resource may be converted to a proven mineral reserve or to a probable mineral reserve.


           Metallurgical coal
           A broader term than coking coal, which includes all coals used in steelmaking, such as coal used for the pulverised coal injection process.


           Mineral resources
           A mineral resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth’s crust in such form, grade or quality, and
           quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralisation, taking into account
           relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, locations or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic
           conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralisation drilled or sampled.




For personal use only
           Mineralisation
           Any single mineral or combination of minerals occurring in a mass, or deposit, of economic interest.


           Mineral reserve
           Mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person,
           can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource,
           which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted.


           Mixed (ore type)
           Mixed ore type is a term used to describe the zone of mineralisation that is a gradation between Supergene Sulphide and Hypogene Sulphide resulting
           from the incomplete development of the former as it overprints the latter. This results in a more irregular distribution of the three main copper bearing
           minerals and is amenable to both grinding/flotation concentration and leaching processes.


           Modifying Factors
           Modifying factors are the factors that a qualified person must apply to indicated and measured mineral resources and then evaluate in order to establish
           the economic viability of mineral reserves. A qualified person must apply and evaluate modifying factors to convert measured and indicated mineral
           resources to proven and probable mineral reserves. These factors include, but are not restricted to: Mining; processing; metallurgical; infrastructure;
           economic; marketing; legal; environmental compliance; plans, negotiations, or agreements with local individuals or groups; and governmental factors.
           The number, type and specific characteristics of the modifying factors applied will necessarily be a function of and depend upon the mineral, mine,
           property, or project.


           Open cut (OC)
           Surface working in which the working area is kept open to the sky, equivalent term is open pit.


           Probable mineral reserve
           Probable mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some circumstances, a measured mineral resource.


           Production stage
           Production stage, as used in “Additional Information—Information on mining operations”, refers to a property with material extraction of mineral
           reserves.


           Proven mineral reserve
           Proven mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of a measured mineral resource and can only result from conversion of a measured mineral
           resource.


           Qualified Person
           Defined by US SEC as an individual who is both (1) a mineral industry professional with at least five years of relevant experience in the type of
           mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and in the specific type of activity that person is undertaking on behalf of the registrant; and
           (2) an eligible member or licensee in good standing of a recognised professional organisation at the time the technical report is prepared.
           
                                                                                         249
           ROM (run of mine)
           Run of mine product mined in the course of regular mining activities. Tonnes include allowances for diluting materials and for losses that occur when
           the material is mined.


           Smelting
           The process of extracting metal from its ore by heating and melting.


           Solvent extraction
           A method of separating one or more metals from a leach solution by treating with a solvent that will extract the required metal, leaving the others. The
           metal is recovered from the solvent by further treatment.


           Sub-level cave
           An area within an underground mine which uses the sub-level cave method. This is where an orebody is extracted from the upper horizons first and
           mining progresses downwards level by level.


           Supergene Sulphide
           Supergene is a term used to describe near-surface processes and their products, formed at low temperature and pressure by the activity of meteoric or
           surface water. Copper in Supergene Sulphide is mainly provident from the copper bearing minerals chalcocite and covellite and is amenable to both
           grinding/flotation concentration and leaching processes.


           Tailings
           Those portions of washed or milled ore that are too poor to be treated further or remain after the required metals and minerals have been extracted.




For personal use only
           Total mineral resources
           The sum of inferred, indicated and measured mineral resources.


           Troy oz
           Troy ounce is a unit of measure of precious metals.


           TSF
           Tailings storage facility/facilities.


           Underground (UG)
           Below the surface mining activities.


           Wet tonnes
           Production is usually quoted in terms of wet metric tonnes (wmt). To adjust from wmt to dry metric tonnes (dmt) a factor is applied based on moisture
           content.


           Yield
           The percentage of material of interest that is extracted during mining and/or processing.
           
                                                                                      250
           10.2         Terms used in reserves and resources
           
           Ag                         silver
           Al2O3                      alumina
           Ash                        inorganic material remaining after combustion
           Au                         gold
           Cu                         copper
           CV                         calorific value
           Fe                         iron
           Insol.                     insolubles
           K2O                        potassium oxide
           KCl                        potassium chloride
           KCl.MgCl2.6H2O             carnallite
           LOI                        loss on ignition
           LPL                        Lower Patience Lake (stratigraphic unit)
           MgO                        magnesium oxide
           Mo                         molybdenum
           Ni                         nickel
           P                          phosphorous
           Pc                         phosphorous in concentrate




For personal use only
           S                          sulphur
           SiO2                       silica
           Th                         thermal coal
           U3O8                       uranium oxide
           VM                         volatile matter
           Zn                         zinc
           
                                                                                      251
           10.3         Units of measure
           
           %                         percentage or per cent
           CO2-e                     carbon-dioxide equivalent
           dmt                       dry metric tonne
           Gj                        gigajoule
           g/t                       grams per tonne
           ha                        hectare
           kcal/kg                   kilocalories per kilogram
           kg/tonne or kg/t          kilograms per tonne
           km                        kilometre
           ktoz                      thousand troy ounces
           kt                        kilotonnes
           ktpa                      kilotonnes per annum
           ktpd                      kilotonnes per day
           kV                        kilovolt
           kW                        kilowatt
           kWh                       kilowatt hour
           lb                        pound
           m                         metre




For personal use only
           m3                        cubic metre
           ML                        megalitre
           Mt                        million tonnes
           MtCO2-e                   million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
           Mtpa                      million tonnes per annum
           MW                        megawatt
           oz                        troy ounce
           ppm                       parts per million
           t                         tonne
           tCO2-e                    tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
           tpa                       tonnes per annum
           tpd                       tonnes per day
           TW                        terawatt
           TWh                       terawatt hour
           wmt                       wet metric tonnes
           
                                                                                   252
           10.4 Other terms
           2030 goals
           Our aspirational goals for FY2030 under the pillars of our 2030 social value scorecard: Decarbonisation; Healthy environment; Indigenous partnerships;
           Safe, inclusive and future-ready workforce, Thriving, empowered communities and Responsible supply chains.


           AASB (Australian Accounting Standards Board)
           Accounting standards as issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board.


           Activity data (in relation to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data)
           A quantitative measure of a level of activity that results in GHG emissions. Activity data is multiplied by an energy and/or emissions factor to derive the
           energy consumption and GHG emissions associated with a process or an operation. Examples of activity data include kilowatt-hours of electricity used,
           quantity of fuel used, output of a process, hours equipment is operated, distance travelled and floor area of a building.


           Adjusted/unadjusted (in respect to GHG emissions data)
           Adjusted means calculated to present the GHG emissions data for a time period (such as a baseline year or reporting year) as though relevant changes
           took effect from the start of that period even though they occurred during or not until after the end of the period. Unless expressly stated otherwise,
           relevant changes are all acquisitions, divestments and/or GHG emission calculation methodology changes. For example, when we adjust the FY2020
           baseline year for our operational GHG emission target and goal to compare our adjusted FY2024 performance data against it:
           
           •            the FY2020 data is presented with Scopes 1 and 2 emissions for operated assets that have been acquired or divested by BHP added or removed
                        (respectively), and applying methodology changes that took effect, between 1 July 2019 and 30 June 2024; and
           
           •            the FY2024 data is presented as though any acquisitions, divestments and/or methodology changes that occurred during the year took effect from
                        the start of the year




For personal use only
           This enables a ‘like for like’ comparison that provides the information most relevant to assessing progress against our GHG emissions targets and goals.

           Unadjusted means calculated to present the GHG emissions data for a reporting year so that any relevant changes that occurred during the year
           (including acquisitions, divestments and/or methodology changes) are applied only from the date they took effect.


           Adjustments (in respect of our GHG emissions targets and goals)
           Calculations to present GHG emissions data on an adjusted basis.


           ADR (American Depositary Receipt)
           An instrument evidencing American Depositary Shares or ADSs, which trades on a stock exchange in the United States.


           ADS (American Depositary Share)
           A share issued under a deposit agreement that has been created to permit US-resident investors to hold shares in non-US companies and, if listed, trade
           them on the stock exchanges in the United States. ADSs are evidenced by American Depositary Receipts, or ADRs, which are the instruments that, if
           listed, trade on a stock exchange in the United States.


           ASIC (Australian Securities and Investments Commission)
           The Australian Government agency that enforces laws relating to companies, securities, financial services and credit in order to protect consumers,
           investors and creditors.
           
                                                                                          253
           Assets
           Assets are a set of one or more geographically proximate operations (including open-cut mines and underground mines). Assets include our operated and
           non-operated assets.


           ASX (Australian Securities Exchange)
           ASX is a multi-asset class vertically integrated exchange group that functions as a market operator, clearing house and payments system facilitator. It
           oversees compliance with its listing and operating rules, promotes standards of corporate governance among Australia’s listed companies and helps
           educate retail investors.


           Baseline/baseline year (in relation to GHG emissions targets and goals)
           A year used as a basis to compare and measure performance of future years.


           BHP
           BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries.


           BHP Group Limited
           BHP Group Limited.


           BHP Group Limited share
           A fully paid ordinary share in the capital of BHP Group Limited.


           BHP Group Limited shareholders




For personal use only
           The holders of BHP Group Limited shares.


           BHP Group Plc
           BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) and its subsidiaries.


           BHP Group Plc share
           A fully paid ordinary share in the capital of BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd).


           BHP Group Plc shareholders
           The holders of BHP Group Plc shares (prior to unification of the DLC structure).


           BHP Group (UK) Ltd
           BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly known as BHP Group Plc) and its subsidiaries.


           BHP Healthy environment goal roadmap
           Our Group-level framework for nature-positive plans to achieve the 2030 Healthy environment goal under our social value scorecard, which is intended
           to apply to our operated assets in Australia, Chile and Canada.


           BHP shareholders
           In the context of BHP’s financial results, BHP shareholders refers to the holders of shares in BHP Group Limited.


           Biofuel
           A fuel, usually a liquid fuel, produced from renewable biological feedstock sources, such as plant material, vegetation or agricultural waste.


           Biodiversity
           The variability among living organisms from all sources, including, inter alia, terrestrial, marine and other aquatic ecosystems and the ecological
           complexes of which they are part; this includes diversity within species, between species and of ecosystems. (Convention on Biological Diversity
           (1992) Article 2).


           BMA
           The BHP Mitsubishi Alliance.


           Board
           The Board of Directors of BHP.


           BOS
           BHP Operating System.


           CAF
           BHP’s Capital Allocation Framework.
           
                                                                                      254
           Carbon credit
           The reduction or removal of carbon dioxide, or the equivalent amount of a different GHG, using a process that measures, tracks and captures GHGs to
           compensate for an entity’s GHG emissions emitted elsewhere. Credits may be generated through projects in which GHG emissions are avoided,
           reduced, removed from the atmosphere or permanently stored (sequestration). Carbon credits are generally created and independently verified in
           accordance with either a voluntary program or under a regulatory program. The purchaser of a carbon credit can ‘retire’ or ‘surrender’ it to claim the
           underlying reduction towards their own GHG emissions reduction targets or goals or to meet legal obligations, which is also referred to as carbon
           offsetting or offsetting.

           We define regulatory carbon credits to mean carbon credits used to offset GHG emissions for regulatory compliance in our operational locations (such as
           the Safeguard Mechanism in Australia).

           We define voluntary carbon credits to mean carbon credits generated through projects that reduce or remove GHG emissions outside the scope of
           regulatory compliance (including Australian Carbon Credit Units not used for regulatory compliance).

           Carbon dioxide equivalent
           The universal unit of measurement to indicate the global warming potential (GWP) of each GHG, expressed in terms of the GWP of one unit of carbon
           dioxide. It is used to evaluate releasing (or avoiding releasing) different GHGs against a common basis.

           Carbon neutral
           Making or resulting in no net release of GHG emissions into the atmosphere, including as a result of offsetting. Carbon neutral includes all those GHG
           emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.

           CBWT (context-based water targets)
           Context-based water targets aim to address the water challenges shared by BHP and other stakeholders in the regions where we operate. These targets
           are based on what we heard from others and our own assessment of water-related risks and opportunities.




For personal use only
           CMD
           Coal mine dust.

           CEO Water Mandate
           The CEO Water Mandate is a UN Global Compact initiative that mobilises business leaders on water, sanitation, and the Sustainable Development
           Goals. Companies that endorse the CEO Water Mandate commit to continuous progress against six core elements of their water stewardship practice and
           in so doing, better understand and manage their own water risks. The six core areas are: Direct Operations, Supply Chain & Watershed Management,
           Collective Action, Public Policy, Community Engagement and Transparency. BHP is an active signatory of the Mandate.

           Commercial
           Our Commercial function seeks to maximise commercial and social value across our end-to-end supply chain. It provides effective and efficient service
           levels to our assets and customers through world-class insights and market intelligence, deep subject-matter expertise, simple processes and centralised
           standard activities. The function is organised around the core activities in our inbound and outbound value chains, supported by credit and market risk
           management, and strategy and planning activities.

           Community concern
           Broadly classified as any communication to a BHP representative by a member of the community where an issue has not yet necessarily occurred but
           has the potential/likelihood to escalate into a formal complaint.

           Community complaint
           A verbal or written notification made directly to a BHP representative by a member of the community relating to an alleged adverse impact on the
           community arising from BHP’s activities and/or employee or contractor behaviour in part or in whole.

           Company
           BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries.

           Continuing operations
           Assets/operations/entities that are owned and/or operated by BHP, excluding assets/operations/ entities classified as Discontinued operations.

           Convention of Biological Diversity
           The Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) is the international legal instrument for ‘the conservation of biological diversity, the sustainable use of
           its components and the fair and equitable sharing of the benefits arising out of the utilisation of genetic resources’ that has been ratified by 196 nations.

           CTAP 2024
           BHP’s second Climate Transition Action Plan, published on 27 August 2024.

           Directions (Directions for Coal Mines)
           The New South Wales Government Coal Market Price Emergency Directions.

           Discontinued operations
           Assets/operations/entities that have either been disposed of or are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5/AASB 5 Non-current Assets Held
           for Sale and Discontinued operations.
           
                                                                                        255
           Dividend record date
           The date, determined by a company’s board of directors, by when an investor must be recorded as an owner of shares in order to qualify for a
           forthcoming dividend.


           DLC (Dual Listed Company)
           BHP’s Dual Listed Company structure had two parent companies (BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd))
           operating as a single economic entity as a result of the DLC merger. The DLC structure was unified on 31 January 2022.


           DLC merger
           The Dual Listed Company merger between BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) on 29 June 2001.


           ECR (Economic Contribution Report)
           BHP’s Economic Contribution Report for the year ended 30 June 2024.


           Ecosystem
           A dynamic complex of plant, animal and microorganism communities and the non-living environment, interacting as a functional unit. (Convention on
           Biological Diversity (1992) Article 2; Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (2019) Global Assessment
           Report on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services).


           Ecosystem function
           The flow of energy and materials through the biotic and abiotic components of an ecosystem. This includes many processes such as biomass production,
           trophic transfer through plants and animals, nutrient cycling, water dynamics and heat transfer. (Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on
           Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (2019) Global Assessment Report on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services).




For personal use only
           Ecosystem services
           The contributions of ecosystems to the benefits that are used in economic and other human activity. (United Nations et al. (2021) System of
           Environmental-Economic Accounting—Ecosystem Accounting).


           ELT (Executive Leadership Team)
           The Executive Leadership Team directly reports to the Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for the day-to-day management of BHP and leading
           the delivery of our strategic objectives.


           Emission factor
           A factor that converts activity data into GHG emissions data (e.g. kg CO2-e emitted per GJ of fuel consumed, kg CO2-e emitted per KWh of electricity
           used).


           Energy (in relation to BHP)
           Energy means all forms of energy products where ‘energy products’ means combustible fuels, heat, renewable energy, electricity or any other form of
           energy from operations that are owned or controlled by BHP. The primary sources of energy consumption come from fuel consumed by haul trucks at
           our operated assets, as well as purchased electricity used at our operated assets.


           Energy content factor
           The energy content of a fuel is an inherent chemical property that is a function of the number and types of chemical bonds in the fuel.


           Entrained water
           Entrained water includes water incorporated into product and/or waste streams, such as tailings, that cannot be easily recovered.


           Equity share approach (in relation to GHG emissions data)
           A consolidation approach whereby a company accounts for GHG emissions from operations according to its share of equity in the operation. The equity
           share reflects economic interest, which is the extent of rights a company has to the risks and rewards flowing from an operation. Also see the definition
           for Operational control approach.


           ESG
           Environmental, social and governance.


           Executive KMP (Key Management Personnel)
           Executive Key Management Personnel includes the Executive Director (our CEO), the Chief Financial Officer, President Australia, President Americas,
           and the Chief Operating Officer. It does not include the Non-executive Directors (on our Board).


           Fatality Elimination Program (FEL)
           The Fatality Elimination Program involves all Assets developing control implementation plans. These plans identify the relevant controls required to
           address their respective operations fatality risks, including timeframes for when control implementation is possible. Progress against these plans is
           monitored monthly via the BHP FEL dashboard. The aim is to implement and sustain as many ‘hard’ controls as possible, whilst also recognising that to
           build a robust control framework it will rely on all elements of the hierarchy of control being available, including soft/administrative controls (i.e.
           human-dependent controls).
           
                                                                                      256
           Fugitive methane emissions
           Methane emissions that are not physically controlled but result from the intentional or unintentional releases of methane from coal mining.

           Functions
           Functions operate along global reporting lines to provide support to all areas of the organisation. Functions have specific accountabilities and deep
           expertise in areas such as finance, legal, governance, technology, human resources, corporate affairs, health, safety and community.

           Future-facing commodity
           A commodity that BHP determines to be positively leveraged in the energy transition and broader global response to climate change, with potential for
           decades-long demand growth to support emerging megatrends like electrification and decarbonisation. Currently, the major commodities in the BHP
           portfolio that fall within this criterion include copper, nickel and potash.

           GBF (Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework)
           The Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework is a set of targets and goals adopted by the 15th Conference of Parties (COP15) to the United
           Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in December 2022 that aims to address the loss of biodiversity and restore natural ecosystems by
           2030.

           Gearing ratio
           The ratio of net debt to net debt plus net assets.

           GHG (greenhouse gas)
           For BHP reporting purposes, these are the aggregate anthropogenic carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4),
           nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF6). Nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) GHG emissions
           are currently not relevant for BHP reporting purposes. GHG emissions in this report are presented in tonnes CO2-e or its multiples, unless otherwise




For personal use only
           stated.

           GISTM
           Global Industry Standards on Tailings Management.

           Global goal for nature
           The global goal for nature defines what is needed to halt and reverse today’s current state of loss of nature. It is supported by a number of organisations
           that ask governments to adopt the goal at the international level, which each country, the private sector, communities and others can contribute to
           achieving.

           Goal (for BHP with respect to GHG emissions)
           An ambition to seek an outcome for which there is no current pathway(s), but for which efforts are being or will be pursued towards addressing that
           challenge, subject to certain assumptions or conditions. Such efforts may include the resolution of existing potential or emerging pathways.

           Goals of the Paris Agreement
           The central objective of the Paris Agreement is its long-term temperature goal to hold the global average temperature increase to well below 2°C above
           pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.

           Grievance
           An event or community complaint relating to an adverse impact/event that has escalated to the point where a third-party intervention or adjudication is
           required to resolve.

           GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)
           The Global Reporting Initiative works with businesses and governments to understand and communicate their impact on critical sustainability issues.

           Groundwater
           Water beneath the earth’s surface, including beneath the seabed, which fills pores or cracks between porous media, such as soil, rock, coal, and sand,
           often forming aquifers. Groundwater may be abstracted for use from bore fields or accessed via dewatering to access ore. For accounting purposes,
           water that is entrained in the ore can be considered as groundwater.

           Group
           BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries.

           GWP (global warming potential)
           A factor describing the radiative forcing impact (degree of harm to the atmosphere) of one unit of a given GHG relative to one unit of CO2. BHP
           currently uses GWP from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report 5 (AR5) based on a 100-year timeframe.

           HPI (high-potential injuries)
           High-potential injuries are recordable injuries and first aid cases where there was the potential for a fatality.

           ICMM (International Council on Mining and Metals)
           The International Council on Mining and Metals is an international organisation dedicated to a safe, fair and sustainable mining and metals industry.
           
                                                                                         257
           IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards)
           Accounting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

           Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement
           Articulates BHP’s approach to engaging with and supporting Indigenous peoples.

           IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change)
           The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is the United Nations body for assessing the science related to climate change.

           IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature)
           The International Union for Conservation of Nature is an international organisation working in the field of nature conservation and sustainable use of
           natural resources.

           KMP (Key Management Personnel)
           Key Management Personnel includes the roles which have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of BHP.
           These are Non-executive Directors, the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the President Australia, the President Americas.

           KPI (key performance indicator)
           Used to measure the performance of the Group, individual businesses and executives in any one year.

           Legacy assets
           Legacy assets refer to those BHP operated assets, or part thereof, located in the Americas that are in the closure phase.




For personal use only
           LME (London Metal Exchange)
           A major futures exchange for the trading of industrial metals.

           Location-based reporting (in relation to GHG emissions data)
           Scope 2 emissions based on average energy generation emission factors for defined geographic locations, including local, subnational, or national
           boundaries (i.e. grid factors). In the case of a direct line transfer, the location-based emissions are equivalent to the market-based emissions.

           Lower GHG emission(s) (for shipping)
           Capable of between 5 per cent to 80 per cent lower GHG emissions intensity (gCO2 -e/joule) on a well-to-wake basis compared to conventional fossil
           fuels used in shipping.

           Lower GHG emission(s) (other than shipping fuels)
           Capable of lower absolute GHG emissions or GHG emissions intensity than the current state or the conventional or incumbent technology, as applicable.
           Low to zero GHG emission(s) (for shipping)
           Capable of between 81 per cent to 100 per cent lower GHG emissions intensity (gCO2 -e/joule) on a well-to-wake basis compared to conventional fossil
           fuels used in shipping.

           Low to zero GHG emission(s) (for energy products other than shipping fuels)
           Capable of between 90 per cent to 100 per cent lower GHG emissions intensity during generation and/or combustion (as applicable) compared to
           conventional fossil fuel generation and/or combustion.

           Market-based method/reporting (in relation to GHG emissions data)
           Scope 2 emissions based on the generators (and therefore the generation fuel mix from which the reporter contractually purchases electricity and/or is
           directly provided electricity via a direct line transfer).

           MFL (Maximum Foreseeable Loss)
           The MFL is the estimated impact to BHP if a risk were to materialise in a worst-case scenario without regard to probability and assuming all controls are
           ineffective.

           Nature
           The natural world, with an emphasis on the diversity of living organisms (including people) and their interactions among themselves and with their
           environment. (Adapted from Díaz, S et al. (2015) The IPBES Conceptual Framework – Connecting Nature and People).

           Nature-positive
           A high-level goal and concept describing a future state of nature (e.g. biodiversity, ecosystem services and natural capital) which is greater than the
           current state. This definition comes from the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) Framework – Beta release v0.1.

           Near zero emissions (for steelmaking or ironmaking)
           0.40 tonnes of CO2 -e per tonne of crude steel for 100 per cent ore-based production (no scrap), as defined by the International Energy Agency (IEA)
           and implemented in ResponsibleSteel International Standard V2.0 (‘near zero’ performance level 4 threshold). IEA (2022), Achieving Net Zero Heavy
           Industry Sectors in G7 Members, IEA, Paris, License: CC BY 4.0, which also describes the boundary for the emission intensity calculation (including in
           relation to upstream emissions).
           
                                                                                       258
           Net zero (for a BHP GHG emissions target, goal or pathway, or similar)
           Net zero includes the use of carbon credits as governed by BHP’s approach to carbon offsetting, available at bhp.com/climate.


           Net zero (for industry sectors, the global economy, transition or future, or similar)
           Net zero refers to a state in which the GHGs (as defined in this Glossary) going into the atmosphere are balanced by removal out of the atmosphere.


           NGER (National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Scheme)
           The Australian National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting scheme is a single national framework for reporting and disseminating company information
           about GHG emissions, energy production, energy consumption and other information specified under the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting
           Act 2007.


           NOJV (non-operated asset/non-operated joint venture)
           Non-operated assets/non-operated joint ventures are our interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated by BHP. References in this
           Annual Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP. Such references are not
           intended to characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.


           NSWEC
           New South Wales Energy Coal.


           Occupational illness
           An illness that occurs as a consequence of work-related activities or exposure. It includes acute or chronic illnesses or diseases, which may be caused by
           inhalation, absorption, ingestion or direct contact.




For personal use only
           OELs (occupational exposure limits)
           An OEL is an upper limit on the acceptable concentration of a hazardous substance in workplace air for a particular material or class of materials. OELs
           may also be set for exposure to physical agents such as noise, vibration or radiation.


           Offsetting (in relation to GHG emissions)
           The use of carbon credits. Refer to the definition of carbon credit.


           OFR
           BHP’s Operating and Financial Review for the year ended 30 June 2024.


           Onshore US
           BHP’s Petroleum asset (divested in the year ended 30 June 2019) in four US shale areas (Eagle Ford, Permian, Haynesville and Fayetteville), where we
           produced oil, condensate, gas and natural gas liquids.


           Operated assets
           Operated assets are our assets (including those under exploration, projects in development or execution phases, sites and operations that are closed or in
           the closure phase) that are wholly owned and operated by BHP or that are owned as a BHP-operated joint venture. References in this Annual Report to a
           ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP. Such references are not intended to
           characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.


           Operational control approach (in relation to GHG emissions data)
           A consolidation approach whereby a company accounts for 100 per cent of the GHG emissions over which it has operational control (a company is
           considered to have operational control over an operation if it or one of its subsidiaries has the full authority to introduce and implement its operating
           policies at the operation). It does not account for GHG emissions from operations in which it owns an interest but does not have operational control.
           Also see the definition for Equity share approach.


           Operational GHG emissions
           Our operational GHG emissions are the Scope 1 emissions and Scope 2 emissions from our operated assets.


           Operations
           Open-cut mines, underground mines and processing facilities, which in the case of BHP are within our operated assets.


           Other (with respect to water consumption volumes)
           This includes water volumes used for purposes such as potable water consumption and amenity facilities at our operated assets.


           Paris Agreement
           The Paris Agreement is an agreement between countries party to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change to strengthen efforts to
           combat climate change and adapt to its effects, with enhanced support to assist developing countries to do so.
           
                                                                                        259
           Petroleum (asset group)
           A group of oil and gas assets formerly operated by BHP before its merger with Woodside in June 2022. Petroleum’s core production operations were
           located in the US Gulf of Mexico, Australia and Trinidad and Tobago. Petroleum produced crude oil and condensate, gas and natural gas liquids.


           PPA (power purchasing agreement)
           An agreement between a vendor and purchaser for the sale of electricity, which may be wholly or partially renewable or other low to zero GHG
           emissions energy and either physically supplied directly to the purchaser or for supply from an electricity grid.


           PPE (personal protective equipment)
           PPE means anything used or worn to minimise risk to a worker’s health and safety, including air supplied respiratory equipment.


           Physical climate-related risk
           Acute risks that are event-driven, including increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events and chronic risks resulting from longer-term
           changes in climate patterns.


           Reference year (for a BHP GHG emissions target or goal)
           A year used to track progress towards GHG emissions targets and goals. It is not a baseline for GHG emissions targets and goals.


           Residual mix
           The mix of energy generation resources and associated attributes, such as GHG emissions in a defined geographic boundary left after contractual
           instruments have been claimed/retired/cancelled. The residual mix can provide an emission factor for companies without contractual instruments to use
           in a market-based method calculation. A residual mix is currently unavailable to account for voluntary purchases and this may result in double counting
           between electricity consumers.




For personal use only
           Safeguard Mechanism
           A mechanism established in Australia under the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 to keep certain GHG emissions at or below
           legislated limits, known as baselines, for Australia’s largest industrial facilities. Reforms to the Safeguard Mechanism that applied from 1 July 2023 are
           intended to reduce Scope 1 emissions at Australia’s largest industrial facilities on a trajectory consistent with achieving Australia’s GHG emission
           reduction targets of 43 per cent below 2005 levels by 2030 and net zero by 2050. Facilities that exceed their progressively declining legislated baselines
           may apply Australian Carbon Credit Units to meet the compliance obligations.


           SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board)
           The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board is a non-profit organisation that develops standards focused on the financial impacts of sustainability.


           Scope 1 emissions (GHG emissions)
           Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from operations that are owned or controlled by the reporting company. For BHP, these are primarily GHG
           emissions from fuel consumed by haul trucks at our operated assets, as well as fugitive methane emissions from coal production at our operated assets.


           Scope 2 emissions (GHG emissions)
           Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat or cooling that is consumed by
           operations that are owned or controlled by the reporting company. BHP’s Scope 2 emissions have been calculated using the market-based method unless
           otherwise specified.


           Scope 3 emissions (GHG emissions)
           Scope 3 are all other indirect GHG emissions (not included in Scope 2 emissions) that occur in the reporting company’s value chain. For BHP, these are
           primarily emissions resulting from our customers using and processing the commodities we sell, as well as upstream emissions associated with the
           extraction, production and transportation of the goods, services, fuels and energy we purchase for use at our operations; emissions resulting from the
           transportation and distribution of our products; and operational emissions (on an equity basis) from our non-operated joint ventures.


           SEC (United States Securities and Exchange Commission)
           The US regulatory commission that aims to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly and efficient markets and facilitate capital formation.


           Senior manager
           An employee who has responsibility for planning, directing or controlling the activities of the entity or a strategically significant part of it. In the OFR,
           senior manager includes senior leaders and any persons who are directors of any subsidiary company even if they are not senior leaders.


           Shareplus
           BHP’s all-employee share purchase plan.


           Social investment
           Social investment is our voluntary contribution towards projects or donations with the primary purpose of contributing to the resilience of the
           communities where we operate and the environment, aligned with our broader business priorities.
           
                                                                                        260
           Social value
           Our positive contribution to society through the creation of mutual benefit for BHP, our shareholders, Indigenous partners and the broader community.


           South32
           During FY2015, BHP demerged a selection of our alumina, aluminium, coal, manganese, nickel, silver, lead and zinc assets into a new company –
           South32 Limited.


           Steelmaking coal
           Metallurgical coal of a sufficient high quality (grade) that it is suitable for use in steelmaking. Refer to Additional information 10.1 for the definition of
           metallurgical coal and coking coal.


           Surface water
           All water naturally open to the atmosphere, including rivers, lakes and creeks and external water dams but excluding water from oceans, seas and
           estuaries (e.g. precipitation and runoff, including snow and hail).


           Sustainability (including sustainable and sustainably)
           We describe our approach to sustainability and its governance in this Report, including OFR 6. Our references to sustainability (including sustainable
           and sustainably) in this Report and our other disclosures do not mean we will not have any adverse impact on the economy, the environment or society,
           and do not imply we will necessarily give primacy to consideration of or achieve any absolute outcome in relation to, any one economic, environmental
           or social issue (such as zero GHG emissions or other environmental effects).


           Structural GHG emissions abatement
           Actions taken at a source of GHG emissions to avoid generating GHG emissions. For BHP, this includes contractual power purchase agreements.




For personal use only
           Target (for BHP with respect to GHG emissions)
           An intended outcome in relation to which we have identified one or more pathways for delivery of that outcome, subject to certain assumptions or
           conditions.


           TCFD (Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures)
           The task force created by the Financial Stability Board to improve and increase reporting of climate-related financial information, which has released
           recommendations designed to help companies provide better information to investors and others about how they think about and assess climate-related
           risks and opportunities.


           Third-party water
           Water supplied by an entity external to the operational facility. Third-party water may contain water from three sources, surface water, groundwater and
           seawater.


           Tier 1 asset
           An asset that we believe is large, long life and low cost.


           TNFD (Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures)
           The Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures is a global, market-led initiative that aims to develop a risk management and disclosure
           framework for organisations to report and act on evolving nature-related dependencies, impacts, risks and opportunities.


           Transition risk (climate-related)
           Risks that arise from existing and emerging policy, regulatory, legal, technological, market and other societal responses to the challenges posed by
           climate change and the transition to a net zero global economy.


           TRIF (total recordable injury frequency)
           The sum of (fatalities + lost-time cases + restricted work cases + medical treatment cases) x 1,000,000 ÷ actual hours worked. Stated in units of per
           million hours worked. BHP adopts the US Government Occupational Safety and Health Administration guidelines for the recording and reporting of
           occupational injury and illnesses. TRIF statistics exclude non-operated assets.


           TSR (total shareholder return)
           Measures the return delivered to shareholders over a certain period through the movements in share price and dividends paid (which are assumed to be
           reinvested). It is the measure used to compare BHP’s performance to that of other relevant companies under the Long-Term Incentive Plan.


           Underlying attributable profit
           Profit/(loss) after taxation attributable to BHP shareholders excluding any exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders as described in Financial
           Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’. For more information refer to OFR 10.


           Underlying EBIT
           Earnings before net finance costs, taxation expense, Discontinued operations and any exceptional items. Underlying EBIT includes BHP’s share of
           profit/(loss) from investments accounted for using the equity method including net finance costs and taxation expense/(benefit). For more information
           refer to OFR 10.
           
                                                                                        261
           Underlying EBITDA
           Earnings before net finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairments, taxation expense, Discontinued operations and any exceptional items.
           Underlying EBITDA includes BHP’s share of profit/(loss) from investments accounted for using the equity method including net finance costs,
           depreciation, amortisation and impairments and taxation expense/(benefit). For more information refer to OFR 10.


           Unification
           The unification of BHP’s corporate structure under BHP Group Limited as effected on 31 January 2022.


           Unit costs
           One of the financial measures BHP uses to monitor the performance of individual assets. Unit costs are calculated as ratio of net costs of the assets to the
           equity share of sales tonnage. Net costs is defined as revenue less Underlying EBITDA and excluding freight, and other costs, depending on the nature
           of each asset. For information on the method of calculation of the unit costs refer to OFR 10.1.


           United Nations SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals)
           The Sustainable Development Goals, also known as the Global Goals, were adopted by the United Nations in 2015 as a universal call to action to end
           poverty, protect the planet, and ensure that by 2030 all people enjoy peace and prosperity.


           Value chain GHG emissions
           Scope 3 emissions in our reported GHG emissions inventory.


           WAF (Water Accounting Framework)
           A common mining and metals industry approach to water accounting in Australia.




For personal use only
           Water quality – Type 1
           Water of high quality that would require minimal (if any) treatment to meet drinking water standards. This water is considered high quality/high grade in
           the ICMM ‘Good Practice’ Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).


           Water quality – Type 2
           Water of medium quality that would require moderate treatment to meet drinking water standards (it may have a high salinity threshold of no higher than
           5,000 milligrams per litre total dissolved solids and other individual constituents). This water is considered high quality/high grade in the ICMM ‘Good
           Practice’ Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).


           Water quality – Type 3
           Water of low quality that would require significant treatment to meet drinking water standards. It may have individual constituents with high values of
           total dissolved solids, elevated levels of metals or extreme levels of pH. This type of water also includes seawater. This water is considered low
           quality/low grade in the ICMM ‘Good Practice’ Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).


           Well-to-wake basis
           Inclusive of the GHG emissions across the entire process of fuel production, delivery and use onboard vessels.


           WRSA (Water Resource Situational Analysis)
           A Water Resource Situational Analysis is a holistic assessment of the water situation where an operated asset operates. The process is designed to
           describe the water challenges that partners and stakeholders share and the opportunities for collective action to address those challenges. The WRSA is
           prepared by a credible third party and draws on publicly available information and direct partner and stakeholder input. Within a defined area that
           includes the water resources that BHP interacts with, each WRSA includes assessment of:
           
           •            the ongoing stability of the volume and quality of the water resources, taking into account interactions of all other parties and any related
                        environmental, social or cultural values and climate change forecasts
           
           •            the state of water infrastructure, water access, sanitation and hygiene of local communities
           
           •            the environmental health of the water catchments that feed the water resources taking into account the extent of vegetation, runoff, and any
                        conservation of the area
           
           •            external water governance arrangements and their effectiveness
           
                                                                                              262
           Exhibits
           Exhibits marked “*” have been filed as exhibits to this annual report on Form 20-F. Remaining exhibits have been incorporated by reference as
           indicated.

           The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with
           respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. Some agreements and other
           documents contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been
           made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement or other arrangement and (i) should not be treated as categorical statements of
           fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified by disclosures
           that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the
           agreement; (iii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and
           (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or document or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are
           subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they
           were made or at any other time.
           
           Exhibit 1        Constitution
           1.1              Constitution of BHP Group Limited, incorporating the amendments approved by shareholders at the 2022 General Meeting of BHP
                            Group Limited on 20 January 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to BHP’s Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No.:
                            001-09526) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on 6 September 2022)

           Exhibit 2        Securities
           *2.1             Description of Securities

           Exhibit 4        Material Contracts
           *4.1             Form of Service Agreement for Specified Executive (referred to in this Annual Report as the Key Management Personnel)
           *4.2             BHP Group Limited Equity and Cash Incentive Plan Rules, adopted on 25 September 2023




For personal use only
           4.3              Framework Agreement entered into on 2 March 2016 between Samarco Mineração S.A., Vale S.A. and BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda, the
                            Federal Government of Brazil, the states of Espirito Santo and Minas Gerais and certain other public authorities in Brazil (incorporated
                            by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to BHP’s Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No.: 001-09526) filed with the Securities and Exchange
                            Commission on 6 September 2022)

           Exhibit 8        List of Subsidiaries
           *8.1             List of subsidiaries of BHP Group Limited

           Exhibit 11       Insider Trading Policies
           *11.1            Securities Dealing Policy of BHP Group Limited

           Exhibit 12       Certifications (section 302)
           *12.1            Certification by Chief Executive Officer, Mr Mike Henry, dated 30 August 2024
           *12.2            Certification by Chief Financial Officer, Ms Vandita Pant, dated 30 August 2024

           Exhibit 13       Certifications (section 906)
           *13.1            Certification by Chief Executive Officer, Mr Mike Henry, dated 30 August 2024(1)
           *13.2            Certification by Chief Financial Officer, Ms Vandita Pant, dated 30 August 2024(1)

           Exhibit 15       Consents
           *15.1            Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting firms Ernst & Young for incorporation by reference of audit reports in
                            registration statements on Form F-3 and Form S-8
           *15.2            Consents of Qualified Persons for Technical Report Summary for Jansen Potash Project
           
                                                                                        263
           Exhibit 17              Guaranteed Securities
           *17.1                   List of subsidiary guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities

           Exhibit 96              Technical Report Summaries
           96.1                    Technical Report Summary for Minera Escondida Limitada, effective 30 June 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 96.1 to
                                   BHP’s Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No.: 001-09526) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on 5 September 2023)
           96.2                    Technical Report Summary for Western Australia Iron Ore, effective 30 June 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 96.2 to
                                   BHP’s Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No.: 001-09526) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on 5 September 2023)
           *96.3                   Technical Report Summary for Jansen Potash Project, effective 30 June 2024

           Exhibit 101             Clawback Policy
           *97.1                   Malus and Clawback Policy of BHP Group Limited, October 2021 (updated by the People and Remuneration Committee on
                                   1 November 2022)

           Exhibit 101             Interactive Data File
           *101.INS                Inline XBRL Instance Document
           *101.SCH                Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
           *101.CAL                Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
           *101.DEF                Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
           *101.LAB                Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
           *101.PRE                Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

           Exhibit 104             Cover Page Interactive Data File




For personal use only
           *104                    Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
           
           Footnotes
           
           (1)          Furnished only.

           The total amount of long-term debt securities of BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries authorised under instruments other than those listed above does
           not exceed 10% of the total assets of BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The company agrees to furnish copies of any such
           instruments to the Commission upon request.
           
                                                                                            264
           SIGNATURE
           The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorised the undersigned to
           sign this annual report on its behalf.

           BHP GROUP LIMITED

           
           By: /s/ Vandita Pant
           Name: Vandita Pant
           Title: Chief Financial Officer
           Date: 30 August 2024




For personal use only
           Financial Statements
           

           1            Consolidated Financial Statements                                                       F-1
                        1.1 Consolidated Income Statement                                                       F-1
                        1.2 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                      F-2
                        1.3 Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                          F-3
                        1.4 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                                    F-4
                        1.5 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                         F-5
                        1.6 Notes to the Financial Statements                                                   F-9
           1A           Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Auditor Firm ID: 1435)       F-78
           2            Not required for US reporting                                                          F-83
           3            Directors’ declaration                                                                 F-84
           4            Not required for US reporting                                                          F-85
           5            Included as section 1A                                                                 F-85

           Notes to the Financial Statements
           Performance
           1     Segment reporting                                                                              F-9
           2     Revenue                                                                                       F-12
           3     Exceptional items                                                                             F-13
           4     Significant events – Samarco dam failure                                                      F-16
           5     Expenses and other income                                                                     F-24
           6     Income tax expense                                                                            F-25
           7     Earnings per share                                                                            F-28
           Working capital
           8    Trade and other receivables                                                                    F-29
           9    Trade and other payables                                                                       F-29
           10   Inventories                                                                                    F-30




For personal use only
           Resource assets
           11   Property, plant and equipment                                                                  F-30
           12   Intangible assets                                                                              F-33
           13   Impairment of non-current assets                                                               F-34
           14   Deferred tax balances                                                                          F-37
           15   Closure and rehabilitation provisions                                                          F-39
           16   Climate change                                                                                 F-42
           Capital structure
           17    Share capital                                                                                 F-47
           18    Other equity                                                                                  F-48
           19    Dividends                                                                                     F-49
           20    Provisions for dividends and other liabilities                                                F-49
           Financial management
           21   Net debt                                                                                       F-50
           22   Leases                                                                                         F-53
           23   Net finance costs                                                                              F-55
           24   Financial risk management                                                                      F-56
           Employee matters
           25   Key management personnel                                                                       F-62
           26   Employee share ownership plans                                                                 F-62
           27   Employee benefits, restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits provisions              F-65
           Group and related party information
           28   Discontinued operations                                                                        F-67
           29   Business combinations                                                                          F-69
           30   Subsidiaries                                                                                   F-70
           31   Investments accounted for using the equity method                                              F-71
           32   Interests in joint operations                                                                  F-74
           33   Related party transactions                                                                     F-74
           Unrecognised items and uncertain events
           34   Contingent liabilities                                                                         F-75
           35   Subsequent events                                                                              F-75
           Other items
           36    Auditor’s remuneration                                                                        F-76
           37    Not required for US reporting                                                                 F-76
           38    Not required for US reporting                                                                 F-76
           39    New and amended accounting standards and interpretations and changes to accounting policies   F-77
           1            Consolidated Financial Statements
           1.1          Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended 30 June 2024
           
                                                                                                                                 2024      2023       2022
                                                                                                                        Notes   US$M       US$M       US$M
           Continuing operations
           Revenue                                                                                                         2     55,658     53,817     65,098
           Other income                                                                                                    5      1,285        394      1,398
           Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                                            5    (36,750)   (31,873)   (32,371)
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                              31     (2,656)       594        (19)
           Profit from operations                                                                                                17,537     22,932     34,106
           Financial expenses                                                                                                    (2,198)    (2,060)    (1,050)
           Financial income                                                                                                         709        529         81
           Net finance costs                                                                                              23     (1,489)    (1,531)      (969)
           Profit before taxation                                                                                                16,048     21,401     33,137
           Income tax expense                                                                                                    (6,015)    (6,691)   (10,430)
           Royalty-related taxation (net of income tax benefit)                                                                    (432)      (386)      (307)
           Total taxation expense                                                                                          6     (6,447)    (7,077)   (10,737)
           Profit after taxation from Continuing operations                                                                       9,601     14,324     22,400
           Discontinued operations
           Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations                                                      28         –          –     10,655
           Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                     9,601     14,324     33,055
                Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                        1,704      1,403      2,155
                Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                 7,897     12,921     30,900
           Basic earnings per ordinary share (cents)                                                                       7     155.8      255.2      610.6
           Diluted earnings per ordinary share (cents)                                                                     7     155.5      254.7      609.3




For personal use only
           Basic earnings from Continuing operations per ordinary share (cents)                                            7     155.8      255.2      400.0
           Diluted earnings from Continuing operations per ordinary share (cents)                                          7     155.5      254.7      399.2

                                                      The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.
           
                                                                                   F-1
           1.2          Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 30 June 2024
           
                                                                                                                               2024     2023      2022
                                                                                                                        Notes US$M      US$M      US$M
           Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                   9,601    14,324    33,055
           Other comprehensive income
           Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement:
           Hedges:
                (Losses)/gains taken to equity                                                                                   (33)       95      (914)
                Losses/(gains) transferred to the income statement                                                                49      (148)      881
                Loss transferred to initial carrying amount of hedged item                                                         –        35         –
           Exchange fluctuations on translation of foreign operations taken to equity                                              –         –        (5)
           Exchange fluctuations on translation of foreign operations transferred to income statement                              –         –       (54)
           Tax recognised within other comprehensive income                                                                6      (5)        5        10
           Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement                                              11       (13)      (82)
           Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement:
           Re-measurement gains/(losses) on pension and medical schemes                                                           41       (18)       24
           Equity investments held at fair value                                                                                 (30)       17        (8)
           Tax recognised within other comprehensive income                                                                6     (13)        7        (9)
           Total items that will not be reclassified to the income statement                                                      (2)        6         7
           Total other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                                 9        (7)      (75)
           Total comprehensive income                                                                                          9,610    14,317    32,980
                Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                      1,708     1,400     2,160
                Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                               7,902    12,917    30,820

                                                      The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.
           




For personal use only
                                                                                     F-2
           1.3          Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2024
           
                                                                                                                                          2024       2023
                                                                                                                                 Notes    US$M       US$M
           ASSETS
           Current assets
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                21     12,501     12,428
           Trade and other receivables                                                                                               8      5,169      4,594
           Other financial assets                                                                                                   24        381        470
           Inventories                                                                                                              10      5,828      5,220
           Current tax assets                                                                                                                 314        508
           Other                                                                                                                              145        131
           Total current assets                                                                                                            24,338     23,351
           Non-current assets
           Trade and other receivables                                                                                               8        170        148
           Other financial assets                                                                                                   24      1,229      1,115
           Inventories                                                                                                              10      1,211      1,403
           Property, plant and equipment                                                                                            11     71,629     71,818
           Intangible assets                                                                                                        12      1,718      1,610
           Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                                        31      1,662      1,620
           Deferred tax assets                                                                                                      14         67         56
           Other                                                                                                                              338        175
           Total non-current assets                                                                                                        78,024     77,945
           Total assets                                                                                                                   102,362    101,296
           LIABILITIES
           Current liabilities
           Trade and other payables                                                                                                  9      6,719      6,296




For personal use only
           Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                             21      2,084      7,173
           Other financial liabilities                                                                                              24        512        402
           Current tax payable                                                                                                                884        611
           Provisions                                                                                                        4,15,20,27     4,007      4,514
           Deferred income                                                                                                                     90         47
           Total current liabilities                                                                                                       14,296     19,043
           Non-current liabilities
           Trade and other payables                                                                                                  9         45          4
           Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                             21     18,634     15,172
           Other financial liabilities                                                                                              24      1,759      2,157
           Non-current tax payable                                                                                                             40         68
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                  14     3,332      4,299
           Provisions                                                                                                        4,15,20,27    15,088     11,973
           Deferred income                                                                                                                     48         50
           Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                   38,946     33,723
           Total liabilities                                                                                                               53,242     52,766
           Net assets                                                                                                                      49,120     48,530
           EQUITY
           Share capital                                                                                                            17      4,899      4,737
           Treasury shares                                                                                                          17        (36)       (41)
           Reserves                                                                                                                 18        (15)        13
           Retained earnings                                                                                                               39,963     39,787
           Total equity attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                   44,811     44,496
           Non-controlling interests                                                                                                18      4,309      4,034
           Total equity                                                                                                                    49,120     48,530

                                                      The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

           The Financial Statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 August 2024 and signed on its behalf by:
           
           Ken MacKenzie                                                                 Mike Henry
           Chair                                                                         Chief Executive Officer
           
                                                                                   F-3
           1.4          Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 30 June 2024
           
                                                                                                                                 2024       2023       2022
                                                                                                                         Notes   US$M       US$M       US$M
           Operating activities
           Profit before taxation from Continuing operations                                                                     16,048     21,401     33,137
           Adjustments for:
                Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                             5,295      5,061      5,683
                Impairments of property, plant and equipment, financial assets and intangibles                                    3,890         75        515
                Net finance costs                                                                                                 1,489      1,531        969
                Loss/(profit) from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                                 2,656       (594)        19
                Other                                                                                                              (243)       546       (350)
           Changes in assets and liabilities:
                Trade and other receivables                                                                                        (290)       867        (703)
                Inventories                                                                                                        (530)       (44)       (865)
                Trade and other payables                                                                                            (27)    (1,086)        727
                Provisions and other assets and liabilities                                                                        (469)       131        (248)
           Cash generated from operations                                                                                        27,819     27,888      38,884
           Dividends received                                                                                                       397        347       1,018
           Interest received                                                                                                        724        545          58
           Interest paid                                                                                                         (1,680)    (1,090)       (657)
           Proceeds of cash management related instruments                                                                          361        331         378
           Net income tax and royalty-related taxation refunded                                                                     547        232         105
           Net income tax and royalty-related taxation paid                                                                      (7,503)    (9,552)    (10,501)
           Net operating cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                   20,665     18,701      29,285
           Net operating cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                           28         –          –       2,889
           Net operating cash flows                                                                                              20,665     18,701      32,174
           Investing activities
           Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                                             (8,816)    (6,733)    (5,855)




For personal use only
           Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                                                   (457)      (350)      (256)
           Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed and included in operating cash flows                                      399        294        199
           Investment in subsidiaries, operations and joint operations, net of cash                                        29          –     (5,868)         –
           Net investment and funding of equity accounted investments                                                               (701)      (557)      (266)
           Proceeds from sale of assets                                                                                              149        444        221
           Proceeds from sale of subsidiaries, operations and joint operations net of their cash                                   1,072         82      1,255
           Other investing                                                                                                          (408)      (377)      (271)
           Net investing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                    (8,762)   (13,065)    (4,973)
           Net investing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                           28          –          –       (904)
           Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                28          –          –       (683)
           Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                         28          –          –       (399)
           Net investing cash flows                                                                                               (8,762)   (13,065)    (6,959)
           Financing activities
           Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities                                                                              5,091      8,182      1,164
           Settlements of debt related instruments                                                                                  (321)      (677)         –
           Repayment of interest bearing liabilities                                                                              (7,327)    (3,289)    (3,358)
           Distributions to non-controlling interests                                                                                (13)         –          –
           Purchase of shares by Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) Trusts                                                           –        (88)      (149)
           Dividends paid                                                                                                         (7,675)   (13,268)   (17,851)
           Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                            (1,424)    (1,175)    (2,540)
           Net financing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                   (11,669)   (10,315)   (22,734)
           Net financing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                           28          –          –        (33)
           Net financing cash flows                                                                                              (11,669)   (10,315)   (22,767)
           Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Continuing operations                                           234     (4,679)     1,578
           Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from Discontinued operations                                                      –          –      1,952
           Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                            –          –       (683)
           Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                     –          –       (399)
           Cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts, at the beginning of the financial year                                   12,423     17,236     15,246
           Foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                      (159)      (134)      (458)
           Cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts, at the end of the financial year                                  21     12,498     12,423     17,236

                                                       The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.
           
                                                                                       F-4
           1.5          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 30 June 2024
           
                                                                                                                   Attributable to BHP shareholders
                                                                                                         BHP Group Limited
                                                                                                                                                                 Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                 attributable        Non-
                                                                                                          Share      Treasury             Retained                 to BHP         controlling    Total
           US$M                                                                                           capital     shares    Reserves earnings                shareholders      interests    equity
           Balance as at 1 July 2023                                                                        4,737          (41)       13    39,787                     44,496           4,034    48,530
           Total comprehensive income                                                                           –            –       (18)    7,920                      7,902           1,708     9,610
           Transactions with owners:
                Shares issued                                                                                 162            (162)            –           –                 –              –         –
                Purchase of shares by ESOP Trusts                                                               –               –             –           –                 –              –         –
                Employee share awards exercised net of employee contributions net of tax                        –             167          (134)        (33)                –              –         –
                Vested employee share awards that have lapsed, been cancelled or forfeited                      –               –            (1)          1                 –              –         –
                Accrued employee entitlement for unexercised awards net of tax                                  –               –           129           –               129              –       129
                Dividends                                                                                       –               –             –      (7,712)           (7,712)        (1,424)   (9,136)
                Distribution to non-controlling interests                                                       –               –            (4)          –                (4)            (9)      (13)
           Balance as at 30 June 2024                                                                       4,899             (36)          (15)     39,963            44,811          4,309    49,120
           Balance as at 1 July 2022                                                                        4,638             (31)           12      40,338            44,957          3,809    48,766
           Total comprehensive income                                                                           –               –             4      12,913            12,917          1,400    14,317
           Transactions with owners:
                Shares issued                                                                                  99            (99)             –            –                –              –          –
                Purchase of shares by ESOP Trusts                                                               –            (88)             –            –              (88)             –        (88)
                Employee share awards exercised net of employee contributions net of tax                        –            177           (132)         (45)               –              –          –
                Vested employee share awards that have lapsed, been cancelled or forfeited                      –              –             (1)           1                –              –          –
                Accrued employee entitlement for unexercised awards net of tax                                  –              –            130            –              130              –        130
                Dividends                                                                                       –              –              –      (13,420)         (13,420)        (1,175)   (14,595)
           Balance as at 30 June 2023                                                                       4,737            (41)            13       39,787           44,496          4,034     48,530
           
                                                                                                                   Attributable to BHP shareholders
                                                                                                Share capital     Treasury shares                                 Total equity
                                                                                               BHP      BHP        BHP       BHP                                   attributable      Non-
                                                                                              Group Group         Group Group                   Retained             to BHP       controlling    Total
           US$M                                                                               Limited    Plc      Limited     Plc    Reserves earnings            shareholders     interests    equity
           Balance as at 1 July 2021                                                            1,111 1,057           (32)       (1)    2,350     46,779                 51,264        4,341    55,605
           Total comprehensive income                                                               –         –         –         –       (90)    30,910                 30,820        2,160    32,980




For personal use only
           Transactions with owners:
                BHP Group Limited shares issued                                                   172        –       (172)            –         –           –                –             –          –
                Purchase of shares by ESOP Trusts                                                   –        –       (148)           (1)        –           –             (149)            –       (149)
                Employee share awards exercised net of employee contributions net of tax            –        –        321             2      (207)       (116)               –             –          –
                Vested employee share awards that have lapsed, been cancelled or forfeited          –        –          –             –       (30)         30                –             –          –
                Accrued employee entitlement for unexercised awards net of tax                      –        –          –             –       143           –              143             –        143
                Corporate structure unification                                                 3,355   (1,057)         –             –    (2,298)          –                –             –          –
                Dividends                                                                           –        –          –             –         –     (17,720)         (17,720)       (2,540)   (20,260)
                In specie dividend on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                             –        –          –             –         –     (19,559)         (19,559)            –    (19,559)
                Divestment of subsidiaries, operations and joint operations                         –        –          –             –         –           –                –          (157)      (157)
                Transfers within equity on divestment of subsidiaries, operations and joint
                   operations                                                                       –        –          –            –        (14)         14               –              –         –
                Equity contributed net of tax                                                       –        –          –            –        158           –             158              5       163
           Balance as at 30 June 2022                                                           4,638        –        (31)           –         12      40,338          44,957          3,809    48,766


                                                                 The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.
           
                                                                                                  F-5
           Basis of preparation
           The Consolidated Financial Statements (Financial Statements) comprise BHP Group Limited (BHP or the Company) together with its controlled entities
           (Group) for the year ended 30 June 2024. BHP Group Limited, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a for-profit company limited by shares which
           are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange. BHP Group Limited also has an international secondary listing on the London Stock
           Exchange (LSE), a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in the United States.

           Prior to 31 January 2022, BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc, an incorporated UK-listed company, operated together as a single-for-profit
           economic entity under a Dual Listed Company (DLC) structure comprising a common Board of Directors, unified management structure and joint
           objectives. On 31 January 2022, BHP unified its corporate structure under BHP Group Limited.

           Directors of BHP have included information in the Financial Statements they deem to be material and relevant to the understanding of the Financial
           Statements. Disclosure may be considered material and relevant if the dollar amount is significant due to its size or nature, or the information is
           important to understand the:
           
           •            Group’s current year results
           
           •            impact of significant changes in the Group’s business or
           
           •            aspects of the Group’s operations that are important to future performance

           The Board of Directors resolved to authorise the issue of the financial report on 27 August 2024.


           Basis of preparation and measurement
           The Group’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2024:
           
           •            are a consolidated general purpose financial report
           
           •            have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of:
           




For personal use only
                        {      the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Corporations Act 2001)
           
                        {      Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and
                               International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) (collectively referred to as
                               IFRS)
           
           •            are prepared on a going concern basis as the Directors:
           
                        {      have made an assessment of the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern for the 12 months from the date of this report
           
                        {      consider it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the Group’s Financial Statements
           
           •            measure items on the basis of historical cost principles, except for the following items:
           
                        {      derivative financial instruments and certain other financial assets and liabilities, which are carried at fair value
           
                        {      non-current assets or disposal groups that are classified as held-for-sale or held-for-distribution, which are measured at the lower of
                               carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell
           
           •            include material accounting policies in the notes to the Financial Statements, specifically where accounting policy choices have been made in
                        relation to the recognition and measurement basis used and are relevant to an understanding of the Financial Statements
           
           •            apply a presentation currency of US dollars, consistent with the predominant functional currency of the Group’s operations. Amounts are rounded
                        to the nearest million dollars, unless otherwise stated, in accordance with ASIC (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191
           
           •            present reclassified comparative information where required for consistency with the current year’s presentation
           
           •            adopt all new and amended standards and interpretations under IFRS that are mandatory for application in periods beginning on 1 July 2023. None
                        had a significant impact on the Financial Statements. Refer note 39 ‘New and amended accounting standards and interpretations and changes to
                        accounting policies’ for details
           
           •            have not early adopted any standards and interpretations that have been issued or amended but are not yet effective, other than as outlined in
                        note 39 ‘New and amended accounting standards and interpretations and changes to accounting policies’

           The accounting policies are consistently applied by all entities included in the Financial Statements.

           In assessing the appropriateness of the going concern assumption over the going concern period, management has stress tested BHP’s most recent
           financial projections to incorporate a range of potential future outcomes by considering BHP’s principal risks. The Group’s financial forecasts, including
           downside commodity price and production scenarios, demonstrate that the Group believes that it has sufficient financial resources to meet its obligations
           as they fall due throughout the going concern period. As such, the Financial Statements continue to be prepared on the going concern basis.


           Principles of consolidation
           A list of significant entities in the Group, including subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates at 30 June 2024 is contained in note 30 ‘Subsidiaries’,
           note 31 ‘Investments accounted for using the equity method’ and note 32 ‘Interests in joint operations’.
           
                                                                                               F-6
           Subsidiaries: The Financial Statements of the Group include the consolidation of BHP Group Limited (the Company or parent entity) and its
           subsidiaries, being the entities controlled by the parent entity during the year (and prior to 31 January 2022, BHP Group Plc and its subsidiaries while
           the DLC was in effect). Control exists where the Group:
           
           •            has power over the investee
           
           •            is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity
           
           •            has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity

           The ability to approve the operating and capital budget of an entity and the ability to appoint key management personnel are decisions that demonstrate
           that the Group has the existing rights to direct the relevant activities of an entity.

           The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in profit or loss from the date the Company gains control until the date
           when the Company ceases to control the subsidiary. When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the gain or loss on disposal is recognised in profit or
           loss.

           Where the Group’s interest is less than 100 per cent, the interest attributable to outside shareholders is reflected in non-controlling interests.

           Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amount of the
           Group’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference
           between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in
           equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.

           The financial information of subsidiaries is prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. The acquisition method of accounting is used to
           account for the Group’s business combinations.

           Joint arrangements: The Group undertakes a number of business activities through joint arrangements, which exist when two or more parties have
           joint control. Joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures, based on the contractual rights and obligations between the




For personal use only
           parties to the arrangement:
           
           •            Joint operations: A joint operation is an arrangement in which the Group shares joint control, primarily via contractual arrangements with other
                        parties. In a joint operation, the Group has rights to the underlying assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement. This
                        includes situations where the parties benefit from the joint activity through a share of the output, rather than by receiving a share of the results of
                        trading. In relation to the Group’s interest in a joint operation, the Group recognises: its assets and liabilities, including its share of any assets and
                        liabilities held or incurred jointly; revenue from the sale of its share of the output and its share of any revenue generated from the sale of the
                        output by the joint operation; and its expenses including its share of expenses incurred jointly. All such amounts are allocated in accordance with
                        the terms of the arrangement, which is usually in proportion to the Group’s interest in the joint operation.
                        The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in accordance with the IFRS
                        Standards applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses.
           
           •            Joint ventures: A joint venture is a joint arrangement in which the parties that share joint control have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.
                        A separate vehicle, not the parties, will have the rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement. More than an
                        insignificant share of output from a joint venture is sold to third parties, which indicates the joint venture is not dependent on the parties to the
                        arrangement for funding, nor do the parties have an obligation for the liabilities of the arrangement. Joint ventures are accounted for using the
                        equity method as outlined below.

           Associates: The Group accounts for investments in associates using the equity method as outlined below. An entity is considered an associate where the
           Group is deemed to have significant influence but not control or joint control. Significant influence is presumed to exist where the Group:
           
           •            has over 20 per cent but less than 50 per cent of the voting rights of an entity, unless it can be clearly demonstrated that this is not the case or
           
           •            holds less than 20 per cent of the voting rights of an entity; however, has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions
                        affecting the entity

           The Group uses the term ‘equity accounted investments’ to refer to joint ventures and associates collectively.

           Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is recognised initially at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s
           share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint
           venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture, the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses
           are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint
           venture.


           Foreign currencies
           Transactions related to the Group’s worldwide operations are conducted in a number of foreign currencies. The majority of the subsidiaries, joint
           arrangements and associates within each of the operations have assessed US dollars as the functional currency. Subsidiaries, joint arrangements and
           associates that have functional currencies other than US dollars are not material to the financial performance or the financial position of the Group.
           
                                                                                                 F-7
           Foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the income statement, except for qualifying cash flow hedges (which are deferred to equity) and
           foreign exchange gains or losses on foreign currency provisions for site closure and rehabilitation costs (which are capitalised in property, plant and
           equipment for operating sites).
           
               Significant judgements and estimates
               The Group’s accounting policies require the use of judgement, estimates and assumptions. All judgements, estimates and assumptions are based on
               the most current facts and circumstances and are reassessed on an ongoing basis. Actual results in future reporting periods may differ for these
               estimates under different assumptions and conditions.

               Further information regarding the Group’s significant judgements and key estimates and assumptions, being those where changes may materially
               affect financial results and the carrying amount of assets and liabilities to be reported in the next reporting period, are embedded within the following
               notes:

               Note
                4              Significant events – Samarco dam failure
                6              Taxation
               11              Overburden removal costs
               11              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
               13              Impairment of non-current assets
               15              Closure and rehabilitation provisions
               22              Leases
               29              Business combinations

               Additional information including sensitivity analysis, where appropriate, has been provided in the relevant notes to enhance an understanding of the
               impact of key estimates and assumptions on the Group’s financial position and performance.




For personal use only
               Reserve estimates
               Estimates are used in the determination of stripping ratios and mineral reserves by component. For purposes of the Group’s Financial Statements,
               reserves estimates are based on internally generated, projected long-term commodity prices and current operating costs used in studies for
               development projects. In order to estimate reserves, assumptions are required about a range of technical and economic factors, including quantities,
               qualities, production techniques, recovery efficiency, production and transport costs, commodity supply and demand, commodity and carbon prices
               and exchange rates.

               Estimating the quantity and/or quality of reserves requires the size, shape and depth of ore bodies to be determined by analysing geological data, such
               as drilling samples and geophysical survey interpretations. Economic assumptions used to estimate reserves change from period-to-period as
               additional technical and operational data is generated. This process may require complex and difficult geological judgements to interpret the data.


               Reserve impact on financial reporting
               Estimates of reserves may change from period-to-period as the economic assumptions used to estimate reserves change and additional geological data
               is generated during the course of operations. Changes in reserves may affect the Group’s financial results and financial position in a number of ways,
               including:
               •        asset carrying values may be affected due to changes in estimated future production levels
               •        depreciation, depletion and amortisation charged to the income statement may change where such charges are determined on the units of
                        production basis, or where the useful economic lives of assets change
               •        overburden removal costs recorded on the balance sheet or charged to the income statement may change due to changes in stripping ratios or the
                        units of production basis of depreciation
               •        closure and rehabilitation provisions may change where changes in estimated reserves affect expectations about the timing or cost of these
                        activities
               •        the carrying amount of deferred tax assets may change due to changes in estimates of the likely recovery of the tax benefits
           
                                                                                             F-8
           1.6          Notes to the Financial Statements
           Performance
           1            Segment reporting
           Reportable segments
           The Group operated three reportable segments during FY2024, which are aligned with the commodities that are extracted and marketed and reflect the
           structure used by the Group’s management to assess the performance of the Group.
           
           Reportable segment                               Principal activities
           Copper                                           Mining of copper, uranium, gold, zinc, molybdenum and silver

           Iron Ore                                         Mining of iron ore
           Coal                                             Mining of steelmaking coal and energy coal

           Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Western Australia Nickel (which comprises the Nickel
           West operations and, following the OZ Minerals Ltd (OZL) acquisition on 2 May 2023, the West Musgrave project), legacy assets and consolidation
           adjustments. Revenue not attributable to reportable segments comprises the sale of freight and fuel to third parties, as well as revenues from unallocated
           operations. Exploration and technology activities are recognised within relevant segments.
           
                                                                                                                                           Group and
                                                                                                                                          unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                                           items/         Group
           US$M                                                                                      Copper      Iron Ore       Coal      eliminations       total
           Revenue                                                                                    18,566       27,952       7,666            1,474       55,658
           Inter-segment revenue                                                                           –             –          –                 –            –




For personal use only
           Total revenue                                                                              18,566       27,952       7,666            1,474       55,658
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                           8,564       18,913       2,290             (751)      29,016
           Depreciation and amortisation                                                              (2,023)       (2,027)      (611)            (634)      (5,295)
           Impairment losses1                                                                            (17)          (61)        (2)              (10)        (90)
           Underlying EBIT                                                                             6,524       16,825       1,677           (1,395)      23,631
           Exceptional items2                                                                              –        (3,066)       880           (3,908)      (6,094)
           Net finance costs                                                                                                                                 (1,489)
           Profit before taxation                                                                                                                            16,048
           Capital expenditure (cash basis)                                                              3,711       2,033        646            2,426        8,816
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and
              expenses                                                                                   377        (3,032)         –               (1)      (2,656)
           Investments accounted for using the equity method                                           1,573             –          –               89        1,662
           Total assets                                                                               42,145        25,569      9,528           25,120      102,362
           Total liabilities                                                                           5,777        11,757      3,056           32,652       53,242
           
                                                                                      F-9
                                                                                                                                                Group and
                                                                                                                                               unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2023                                                                                                                items/        Group
           US$M                                                                                          Copper      Iron Ore        Coal      eliminations      total
           Revenue                                                                                       16,027        24,812       10,958            2,020      53,817
           Inter-segment revenue                                                                               –            –             –               –            –
           Total revenue                                                                                 16,027        24,812       10,958            2,020      53,817
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                               6,653       16,692        4,998             (387)     27,956
           Depreciation and amortisation                                                                  (1,810)      (1,993)        (697)            (561)     (5,061)
           Impairment losses1                                                                                (33)         (28)          (6)              (8)         (75)
           Underlying EBIT                                                                                 4,810       14,671        4,295             (956)     22,820
           Exceptional items2                                                                                  –          176             –             (64)        112
           Net finance costs                                                                                                                                     (1,531)
           Profit before taxation                                                                                                                                21,401
           Capital expenditure (cash basis)                                                                2,698       1,966           657           1,412        6,733
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                 383         215             –              (4)         594
           Investments accounted for using the equity method                                               1,530           –             –              90        1,620
           Total assets                                                                                   39,864      25,527        11,087          24,818      101,296
           Total liabilities                                                                               5,635       8,571         3,821          34,739       52,766

           
                                                                                                                                                 Group and
                                                                                                                                                unallocated
           Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                                 items/        Group
           US$M                                                                                           Copper      Iron Ore        Coal      eliminations      total
           Revenue                                                                                        16,849        30,767       15,549            1,933     65,098
           Inter-segment revenue                                                                                –            –             –               –            –




For personal use only
           Total revenue                                                                                  16,849        30,767       15,549            1,933     65,098
           Underlying EBITDA                                                                                8,565       21,707        9,504              858     40,634
           Depreciation and amortisation                                                                   (1,765)      (2,203)        (762)            (953)    (5,683)
           Impairment losses1                                                                                (470)         (33)          (9)              (3)       (515)
           Underlying EBIT                                                                                  6,330       19,471        8,733              (98)    34,436
           Exceptional items2                                                                                   –         (729)         849             (450)       (330)
           Net finance costs                                                                                                                                        (969)
           Profit before taxation                                                                                                                                33,137
           Capital expenditure (cash basis)                                                                 2,528          1,848        621             858        5,855
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                  658           (676)         –              (1)         (19)
           Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                1,415              –          –               5        1,420
           Total assets                                                                                    32,693         24,682     11,524          26,267      95,166
           Total liabilities                                                                                5,248          7,884      3,874          29,394      46,400
           
           1            Impairment losses exclude exceptional items of US$3,800 million (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil).
           
           2            Exceptional items reported in Group and unallocated include Samarco dam failure related costs of US$(105) million (2023: US$(64) million;
                        2022: US$(13) million). Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for further information.
           
                                                                                         F-10
           Geographical information
           
                                                                                                                                          Revenue by location
                                                                                                                                              of customer
                                                                                                                                       2024       2023     2022
                                                                                                                                       US$M      US$M      US$M
           Australia                                                                                                                    2,393      1,702    1,649
           Europe                                                                                                                       1,702      1,961    2,129
           China                                                                                                                       34,752    31,205    36,618
           Japan                                                                                                                        4,557      6,971    8,401
           India                                                                                                                        3,371      3,447    5,215
           South Korea                                                                                                                  3,069      2,997    4,786
           Rest of Asia                                                                                                                 3,749      3,583    4,303
           North America                                                                                                                1,601      1,382    1,282
           South America                                                                                                                  464        569      715
                                                                                                                                       55,658    53,817    65,098

                                                                                                                                         Non-current assets by
                                                                                                                                            location of assets
                                                                                                                                       2024       2023        2022
                                                                                                                                       US$M       US$M       US$M
           Australia                                                                                                                   48,991     51,961     43,250
           North America                                                                                                                6,979      5,081       3,964
           South America                                                                                                               19,927     19,047     18,280
           Rest of world                                                                                                                  831        685         150
           Unallocated assets1                                                                                                          1,296      1,171         858
                                                                                                                                       78,024     77,945     66,502
           




For personal use only
           1            Unallocated assets comprise deferred tax assets and other financial assets.


           Underlying EBITDA
           Underlying EBITDA is earnings before net finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairments, taxation expense, Discontinued operations and
           any exceptional items. Underlying EBITDA includes BHP’s share of profit/(loss) from investments accounted for using the equity method including net
           finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairments and taxation expense/(benefit).

           Exceptional items are excluded from Underlying EBITDA in order to enhance the comparability of such measures from period-to-period and provide
           investors with further clarity in order to assess the performance of the Group’s operations. Management monitors exceptional items separately. Refer to
           note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for additional detail.


           Segment assets and liabilities
           Total segment assets and liabilities of reportable segments represents operating assets and operating liabilities, including the carrying amount of equity
           accounted investments and predominantly excludes cash balances, loans to associates, interest bearing liabilities and deferred tax balances. The carrying
           value of investments accounted for using the equity method represents the balance of the Group’s investment in equity accounted investments, with no
           adjustment for any cash balances, interest bearing liabilities or deferred tax balances of the equity accounted investment.
           
                                                                                             F-11
           2            Revenue
           Revenue by segment and asset
           
                                                                                                                                                  2024      2023      2022
                                                                                                                                                  US$M      US$M     US$M
           Escondida                                                                                                                              10,013     8,847     9,500
           Pampa Norte                                                                                                                             2,375     2,491     2,670
           Copper South Australia1                                                                                                                 4,085     2,806     1,776
           Third-party products                                                                                                                    2,021     1,863     2,903
           Other                                                                                                                                      72        20         –
           Total Copper2                                                                                                                          18,566    16,027   16,849
           Western Australia Iron Ore                                                                                                             27,805    24,678   30,632
           Third-party products                                                                                                                       25        21        19
           Other                                                                                                                                     122       113       116
           Total Iron Ore                                                                                                                         27,952    24,812   30,767
           BHP Mitsubishi Alliance                                                                                                                 5,873     7,652   10,254
           New South Wales Energy Coal                                                                                                             1,793     3,306     3,035
           Other3                                                                                                                                      –         –     2,260
           Total Coal4                                                                                                                             7,666    10,958   15,549
           Group and unallocated items5                                                                                                            1,474     2,020     1,933
           Inter-segment adjustment                                                                                                                    –         –         –
           Total revenue                                                                                                                          55,658    53,817   65,098
           
           1            Includes Olympic Dam as well as Prominent Hill and Carrapateena since acquisition on 2 May 2023.
           
           2            Total Copper revenue includes: copper US$17,229 million (2023: US$14,902 million; 2022: US$15,992 million) and other US$1,337 million
                        (2023: US$1,125 million; 2022: US$857 million). Other consists of direct sales of uranium, gold, zinc, molybdenum and silver.




For personal use only
           
           3            FY2022 includes revenue related to BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) divested in May 2022.
           
           4            Total Coal revenue includes: steelmaking coal US$5,793 million (2023: US$7,430 million; 2022: US$11,990 million) and energy coal
                        US$1,873 million (2023: US$3,528 million; 2022: US$3,559 million).
           
           5            Group and unallocated items revenue includes: Western Australia Nickel US$1,473 million (2023: US$2,009 million; 2022: US$1,926 million)
                        and other revenue US$1 million (2023: US$11 million; 2022: US$7 million).

           Revenue consists of revenue from contracts with customers of US$55,375 million (2023: US$53,910 million; 2022: US$65,504 million) and other
           revenue predominantly relating to provisionally priced sales of US$283 million (2023: US$(93) million; 2022: US$(406) million).


           Recognition and measurement
           The Group generates revenue from the production and sale of commodities. Revenue is recognised when or as control of the promised goods or services
           passes to the customer. In most instances, control passes when the goods are delivered to a destination specified by the customer, typically on board the
           customer’s appointed vessel. Revenue from the provision of services is recognised over time as the services are provided, but does not represent a
           significant proportion of total revenue and is aggregated with the respective asset and product revenue for disclosure purposes.

           The amount of revenue recognised reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services.

           Where the Group’s sales are provisionally priced, the final price depends on future index prices. The amount of revenue initially recognised is based on
           the relevant forward market price. Adjustments between the provisional and final price are accounted for under IFRS 9/AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’
           (IFRS 9), separately recorded as other revenue and presented as part of the total revenue of each asset. The period between provisional pricing and final
           invoicing is typically between 60 and 120 days.

           Revenue from the sale of significant by-products is included within revenue.

           The Group applies the following practical expedients:
           
           •            expected consideration is not adjusted for the effects of the time value of money if the period between the delivery and when the customer pays for
                        the promised good or service is one year or less
           
           •            no disclosure is provided for information relating to unfulfilled performance obligations, either due to the expected duration of the contract term
                        being one year or less, or for longer term contracts, because the entity has a right to consideration (and can recognise revenue) for goods delivered
           
                                                                                             F-12
           3 Exceptional items
           Exceptional items are those gains or losses where their nature, including the expected frequency of the events giving rise to them, and impact is
           considered material to the Financial Statements. Such items included within the Group’s profit from Continuing operations for the year are detailed
           below. Exceptional items attributable to Discontinued operations are detailed in note 28 ‘Discontinued operations’.
           
           Year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                                      Gross      Tax       Net
                                                                                                                                        US$M      US$M      US$M
           Exceptional items by category
           Samarco dam failure                                                                                                          (3,677)      (85)      (3,762)
           Impairment of Western Australia Nickel assets                                                                                (3,800)    1,125       (2,675)
           Blackwater and Daunia gain on divestment                                                                                        877      (203)         674
           Total                                                                                                                        (6,600)      837       (5,763)
           Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                         –         –            –
           Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                             (6,600)      837       (5,763)


           Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) dam failure
           The loss of US$3,762 million (after tax) relates to the Samarco dam failure, which occurred in November 2015, and comprises the following:
           
           Year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                                                          US$M
           Expenses excluding net finance costs:
                Costs incurred directly by BHP Brasil and other BHP entities in relation to the Samarco dam failure                                             (139)
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses:
                Samarco dam failure provision                                                                                                                  (2,833)
                Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                                                                                                (199)
           Net finance costs                                                                                                                                     (506)




For personal use only
           Income tax expense                                                                                                                                     (85)
           Total1                                                                                                                                              (3,762)
           
           1            Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information.

           Western Australia Nickel impairment
           The Group recognised an impairment charge of US$2,675 million (after tax) in relation to the Western Australia Nickel assets. The impairment charge
           reflects the oversupply in the global nickel market that has seen a sharp decline in forward nickel prices in the short to medium term, escalation in
           capital costs for Western Australia Nickel, and changes to development plans including the Group’s decision, announced on 11 July 2024, to temporarily
           suspend Nickel West operations and the West Musgrave project at Western Australia Nickel. Refer to note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’ for
           further information.


           Blackwater and Daunia gain on divestment
           On 2 April 2024 BHP and Mitsubishi Development Pty Ltd (MDP) completed the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines (which were part of
           the BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA)) to Whitehaven Coal. Each of BHP and MDP hold a 50% interest in BMA.

           Whitehaven Coal paid a US$100 million deposit on signing of the Asset Sale Agreement on 18 October 2023 and a further US$2 billion cash on
           completion plus a preliminary completion adjustment of US$44.1 million for working capital and other agreed adjustments (100% interest basis).

           US$1.1 billion in cash remains payable over 3 years after completion and a potential additional amount up to US$0.9 billion in a price-linked earnout
           may also be payable over 3 years (100% interest basis). The price-linked earnout is subject to a cap of US$350 million each year and depends on
           average realised pricing exceeding agreed thresholds for each of the 3 years following completion on 2 April 2024.

           The total cash consideration for the transaction could be up to US$4.1 billion plus the final completion adjustment amount (100% interest basis).
           
                                                                                            F-13
           Details of the gain on divestment is as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                                             US$M
           Assets
           Inventories                                                                                                                                          113
           Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                      1,453
           Intangible assets                                                                                                                                     45
           Other                                                                                                                                                  3
           Total assets                                                                                                                                       1,614
           Liabilities
           Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                                          60
           Other financial liabilities                                                                                                                           43
           Provisions                                                                                                                                           691
           Total liabilities                                                                                                                                    794
           Net assets disposed                                                                                                                                  820
           Cash consideration – BHP share                                                                                                                     1,072
           Deferred and contingent consideration1                                                                                                               690
           Transaction and other directly attributable costs                                                                                                    (65)
           Income tax expense                                                                                                                                  (203)
           Gain on divestment                                                                                                                                   674
           
           1            Includes the fair value of contingent payments based on 35% revenue share to BMA, subject to average realised prices achieved by the Assets
                        exceeding thresholds of US$159/tonne in the 12 month period 12 months post completion, US$134/tonne in the 12 month period 24 months post
                        completion and US$134/tonne in the 12 month period 36 months post completion.

           The exceptional items relating to the years ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022 are detailed below.




For personal use only
           30 June 2023
           
           Year ended 30 June 2023                                                                                                        Gross      Tax      Net
                                                                                                                                          US$M      US$M     US$M
           Exceptional items by category
           Samarco dam failure                                                                                                              (340)      17      (323)
           Chilean tax reform                                                                                                                  –     (283)     (283)
           Total                                                                                                                            (340)    (266)     (606)
           Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                           –     (107)     (107)
           Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                                 (340)    (159)     (499)


           Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) dam failure
           The loss of US$323 million (after tax) related to the Samarco dam failure, which occurred in November 2015, and comprised the following:
           
           Year ended 30 June 2023                                                                                                                           US$M
           Expenses excluding net finance costs:
                Costs incurred directly by BHP Brasil and other BHP entities in relation to the Samarco dam failure                                            (103)
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses:
                Samarco dam failure provision                                                                                                                  (256)
                Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                                                                                               471
           Net finance costs                                                                                                                                   (452)
           Income tax benefit                                                                                                                                    17
           Total1                                                                                                                                              (323)
           
           1            Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information.


           Chilean tax reform
           On 17 May 2023, the Chilean Lower House approved a Royalty Bill which would implement a 1 per cent royalty on revenues, a margin based tax with
           rates ranging between 8 per cent and 26 per cent, and a 46.5 per cent cap to the overall Chilean tax burden of mining companies.

           The President of the Lower House formally declared the legislative process complete on 12 June 2023, following receipt of the Chilean President’s
           formal confirmation that he had waived his veto power to oppose any of the provisions of the Royalty Bill. On 13 July 2023, the Constitutional Court
           finalised its review of certain aspects of the Royalty Bill, relating only to the distribution of proceeds.

           Applying judgement, it was determined that the proposed tax rates were substantively enacted prior to 30 June 2023, as the scope of the Constitutional
           Court review did not extend to reviewing the tax rates.
           
                                                                                            F-14
           While the timing of when the Group’s operations will be impacted by the reform depends on existing stability agreements, relevant deferred tax
           positions were remeasured by US$283 million in the Group’s FY2023 Financial Statements.


           30 June 2022
           
           Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                     Gross       Tax       Net
                                                                                                                                       US$M       US$M      US$M
           Exceptional items by category
           Samarco dam failure                                                                                                          (1,032)     (31)    (1,063)
           Impairment of US deferred tax assets                                                                                              –     (423)      (423)
           Corporate structure unification costs                                                                                          (428)       –       (428)
           BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) gain on disposal                                                                                          840        –        840
           Total                                                                                                                          (620)    (454)    (1,074)
           Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                         –        –          –
           Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                               (620)    (454)    (1,074)


           Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) dam failure
           The loss of US$1,063 million (after tax) related to the Samarco dam failure, which occurred in November 2015, and comprises the following:
           
           Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                                          US$M
           Expenses excluding net finance costs:
                Costs incurred directly by BHP Brasil and other BHP entities in relation to the Samarco dam failure                                            (66)
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses:
                Samarco dam failure provision                                                                                                                 (595)
                Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                                                                                              (81)
           Net finance costs                                                                                                                                  (290)




For personal use only
           Income tax expense                                                                                                                                  (31)
           Total1                                                                                                                                           (1,063)
           
           1            Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information.


           Impairment of US deferred tax assets
           The Group recognised an impairment charge of US$423 million (after tax) in relation to deferred tax assets where the recoverability had historically
           been reliant on Petroleum earnings in the same tax group. While these tax assets remained with the Group following the merger of the Group’s oil and
           gas portfolio with Woodside, the impairment charge reflected the extent of other forecasted future earnings against which the assets can be recovered.


           Corporate structure unification costs
           The Group incurred transaction costs associated with the unification of the Group corporate structure under its existing Australian parent company, BHP
           Group Limited, which was completed on 31 January 2022.


           BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) gain on disposal
           On 3 May 2022 the Group sold its 80 per cent interest in BHP Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd (BMC) to Stanmore SMC Holdings Pty Ltd, a wholly owned
           subsidiary of Stanmore Resources Limited (Stanmore Resources).

           Stanmore Resources paid US$1.1 billion cash consideration at completion plus a preliminary completion adjustment of US$218 million for working
           capital. Deferred consideration of US$222 million comprised US$100 million in cash, outstanding at 30 June 2022 and subsequently received on
           3 November 2022, with potential for an additional amount of up to US$150 million (US$122 million discounted) in a price-linked earnout payable in the
           2024 calendar year.
           
           Details of the gain on disposal is as follows:                                                                                                   US$M
           BHP share of net assets disposed                                                                                                                    631
           Gross consideration                                                                                                                               1,318
           Transaction and other directly applicable costs                                                                                                     (69)
           Income tax expense                                                                                                                                    –
           Deferred consideration                                                                                                                              222
           Gain on disposal                                                                                                                                    840
           
                                                                                            F-15
           4            Significant events – Samarco dam failure
           On 5 November 2015, the Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) iron ore operation in Minas Gerais, Brazil, experienced a tailings dam failure that
           resulted in a release of mine tailings, flooding the communities of Bento Rodrigues, Gesteira and Paracatu and impacting other communities
           downstream (the Samarco dam failure). Refer to section on ‘Samarco’ in the Operating and Financial Review.

           Samarco is jointly owned by BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda (BHP Brasil) and Vale S.A. (Vale). BHP Brasil’s 50 per cent interest is accounted for as an equity
           accounted joint venture investment. BHP Brasil does not separately recognise its share of the underlying assets and liabilities of Samarco, but instead
           records the investment as one line on the balance sheet. Each period, BHP Brasil recognised its 50 per cent share of Samarco’s profit or loss and
           adjusted the carrying value of the investment in Samarco accordingly. Such adjustment continued until the investment carrying value was reduced to
           US$ nil, with any additional share of Samarco losses only recognised to the extent that BHP Brasil has an obligation to fund the losses. After applying
           equity accounting, any remaining carrying value of the investment is tested for impairment.

           Any charges relating to the Samarco dam failure incurred directly by BHP Brasil or other BHP entities are recognised 100 per cent in the Group’s
           results.

           The financial impacts of the Samarco dam failure on the Group’s income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement for the year ended 30 June
           2024 are shown in the tables below and have been treated as an exceptional item.
           
           Financial impacts of Samarco dam failure                                                                                          2024        2023       2022
                                                                                                                                             US$M        US$M       US$M
           Income statement
           Expenses excluding net finance costs:
                Costs incurred directly by BHP Brasil and other BHP entities in relation to the Samarco dam failure1                             (139)      (103)     (66)
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses:
                Samarco dam failure provision2                                                                                               (2,833)        (256)     (595)
                Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives3                                                                             (199)         471       (81)
           (Loss)/profit from operations                                                                                                     (3,171)         112      (742)




For personal use only
           Net finance costs4                                                                                                                  (506)        (452)     (290)
           Loss before taxation                                                                                                              (3,677)        (340)   (1,032)
           Income tax (expense)/benefit5                                                                                                        (85)          17       (31)
           Loss after taxation                                                                                                               (3,762)        (323)   (1,063)
           Balance sheet movement
           Other financial assets6                                                                                                             (280)         337     (160)
           Trade and other payables                                                                                                              (4)          (6)      (1)
           Tax liabilities                                                                                                                      (85)          17      (31)
           Provisions                                                                                                                        (2,824)        (260)    (629)
           Net (increase)/decrease in liabilities                                                                                            (3,193)          88     (821)
           
                                                                                                                               2024               2023              2022
                                                                                                                               US$M               US$M              US$M
           Cash flow statement
           Loss before taxation                                                                                                (3,677)              (340)           (1,032)
           Adjustments for:
           Samarco dam failure provision2                                                                              2,833              256                595
           Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives3                                                            199             (471)                81
           Proceeds of cash management related instruments                                                               218              134                 79
           Net finance costs4                                                                                            506              452                290
           Changes in assets and liabilities:
           Trade and other payables                                                                                        4                 6                 1
           Net operating cash flows                                                                                                83                 37               14
           Net investment and funding of equity accounted investments7                                                           (640)              (448)            (256)
           Net investing cash flows                                                                                              (640)              (448)            (256)
           Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                             (557)              (411)            (242)
           
           1            Includes legal and advisor costs incurred.
           
           2            US$3,700 million (2023: US$(33) million; 2022: US$691 million) change in estimate and US$(867) million (2023: US$289 million; 2022:
                        US$(96) million) exchange translation.
           
           3            The Group enters into forward exchange contracts to limit the Brazilian reais exposure on the dam failure provision. While not applying hedge
                        accounting, the fair value changes in the forward exchange instruments are recorded within (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments,
                        related impairments and expenses in the Income Statement.
           
           4            Amortisation of discounting of provision.
           
           5            Includes tax on forward exchange derivatives and other taxes incurred during the period.
           
           6            Includes forward exchange contracts described in item 3 above, and Senior notes issued by Samarco as part of its Judicial Reorganisation.
           
           7            Includes US$(515) million (2023: US$(448) million; 2022: US$(256) million) utilisation of the Samarco dam failure provision and US$(125)
                        million provided to Samarco following approval of the Judicial Reorganisation (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil).
           
                                                                                           F-16
           Equity accounted investment in Samarco
           BHP Brasil’s investment in Samarco remains at US$ nil. No dividends have been received by BHP Brasil from Samarco during the period and Samarco
           currently does not have profits available for distribution.


           Provision related to the Samarco dam failure
           
                                                                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                                                                             US$M             US$M
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                             3,681            3,421
           Movement in provision                                                                                                              2,824              260
           Comprising:
           Utilised                                                                                                                 (515)             (448)
           Adjustments charged to the income statement:
                Change in cost estimate                                                                                            3,700               (33)
                Amortisation of discounting impacting net finance costs                                                              506               452
                Exchange translation                                                                                                (867)              289
           At the end of the financial year                                                                                                   6,505              3,681
           Comprising:
                Current                                                                                                                       1,500              1,876
                Non-current                                                                                                                   5,005              1,805
           At the end of the financial year                                                                                                   6,505              3,681


           Samarco dam failure provision and contingencies
           As at 30 June 2024, BHP Brasil has identified a provision and certain contingent liabilities arising as a consequence of the Samarco dam failure. The
           provision related to the Samarco dam failure recognised as at 30 June 2024 is US$6,505 million and reflects the Group’s best estimate of the potential
           outflows necessary to resolve all aspects of the Federal Public Prosecution Office BRL$155 billion claim and Framework Agreement obligations (see




For personal use only
           below).

           Contingent liabilities will only be resolved when one or more uncertain future events occur or related impacts become capable of reliable measurement
           and, as such, determination of contingent liabilities disclosed in the Financial Statements requires significant judgement regarding the outcome of future
           events. A number of the claims below do not specify the amount of damages sought and, where this is specified, amounts could change as the matter
           progresses.

           Ultimately, future changes in any matters for which a provision has been recognised or contingent liability disclosed could have a material adverse
           impact on BHP’s business, competitive position, cash flows, prospects, liquidity and shareholder returns.
           
                                                                                      F-17
           The following table summarises the current status of significant ongoing matters relating to the Samarco dam failure, along with developments during
           the financial year, and the associated treatment in the Financial Statements:
           
                                                                                                                                                               Contingent
                 Item                                                                                                                              Provision    liability
                 Samarco dam failure – Framework Agreement                                                                                            ✔          X
                 On 2 March 2016, BHP Brasil, Samarco and Vale S.A. (Vale) entered into a Framework Agreement with the Federal Government of Brazil, the
                 states of Espirito Santo and Minas Gerais, and certain other public authorities to establish a foundation (Fundação Renova) that is developing and
                 executing environmental and socio-economic programs (Programs) to remediate and provide compensation for damage caused by the Samarco dam
                 failure (the Framework Agreement).

                 Key Programs include those for financial assistance and compensation of impacted persons and those for remediation of impacted areas and
                 resettlement of impacted communities.

                 Uncertainty exists around the scope and cost of the Programs, including as a result of ongoing legal actions in relation to the number of individuals
                 eligible for compensation and the amount of damages to which they are entitled. Further information on the key areas of estimation uncertainty is
                 provided in the ‘Key judgements and estimates’ section below.

                 Samarco has primary responsibility for funding Fundação Renova with each of BHP Brasil and Vale having secondary funding obligations in
                 proportion to their 50 per cent shareholding in Samarco. While Samarco has recommenced operations, Samarco’s long-term cash flow generation
                 remains highly sensitive to factors including returning to full production capacity, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates.

                 Further, under the Samarco Judicial Reorganisation (refer to Samarco Judicial Reorganisation (JR) below), Samarco’s funding of obligations to
                 remediate and compensate the damages resulting from the dam failure, including funding Fundação Renova, is capped at US$1 billion for the
                 period CY2024 to CY2030. Notwithstanding this cap, and subject to certain conditions, to the extent that Samarco each year has a positive cash
                 balance after meeting its various obligations, during this period Samarco’s shareholders are able to direct 50 per cent of Samarco’s year end excess
                 cash balance to fund remediation and compensation obligations.




For personal use only
                 Execution of the Programs is a key component in the resolution of the reparation process, including the Federal Public Prosecution Office claim
                 and, therefore, the expected cost of executing the Programs and Samarco’s potential ability to contribute to remediation and compensation
                 obligations have been considered when determining BHP Brasil’s provision in relation to the Samarco dam failure at 30 June 2024 (as outlined
                 below).
           
                                                                                         F-18
                                                                                                                                                              Contingent
                 Item                                                                                                                             Provision    liability
                 Federal Public Prosecution Office claim                                                                                        ✔                 X
                 BHP Brasil is among the defendants named in a claim brought by the Brazilian Federal Public Prosecution Office on 3 May 2016, seeking
                 R$155 billion (approximately US$28 billion) for reparation, compensation and moral damages in relation to the Samarco dam failure.

                 Since early CY2021, BHP Brasil, Samarco and Vale have been engaging in negotiations with the Brazilian State and Federal Government and other
                 public entities to seek a settlement of obligations under the Framework Agreement, the Federal Public Prosecution Office Claim, and other claims
                 by government entities relating to the Samarco dam failure (the ‘Settlement Negotiations’). The Settlement Negotiations are ongoing and the
                 outcome is uncertain.

                 As at 30 June 2023, the Group disclosed a contingent liability in relation to the Federal Public Prosecution Office claim as, given the status of the
                 claim and ongoing settlement negotiations, it was not possible to reliably estimate the potential outcomes of the claim beyond the estimated costs of
                 completing the Programs under the Framework Agreement, which are being executed in relation to financial assistance and compensation of
                 impacted persons, remediation of impacted areas and resettlement of impacted communities.

                 On 25 January 2024, the Federal Court of Brazil issued a decision in relation to the Federal Public Prosecution Office Claim finding Samarco, Vale
                 and BHP Brasil jointly and severally liable to pay collective moral damages arising from the Samarco dam failure in the amount of R$47.6 billion
                 (US$8.6 billion) (to be adjusted for interest and inflation). The decision also determined that payment will only occur when any and all appeals are
                 finally determined.

                 In March 2024, the Federal Court found that the correct historical amount due of collective moral damages is R$46.7 billion (instead of R$47.6
                 billion). In April and May 2024, Samarco, Vale, BHP Brasil and various governmental parties appealed the decision. The appeal process is
                 estimated to take approximately two to five years. The Federal Court issued rulings on 8 May 2024 and 20 May 2024 denying the requests for early
                 enforcement.

                 On 27 June 2024, the Federal Court dismissed without prejudice certain claims directed at the Companies in the Federal Public Prosecution Office
                 Claim, on the grounds that they are already covered by previous agreements and decisions (such as the Framework Agreement). This decision did




For personal use only
                 not dismiss the collective moral damages decision outlined above and is also subject to appeal.

                 In June 2024, the Public Prosecutors’ Office and the Public Defense Office filed a public civil claim against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and
                 Fundação Renova for alleged gender discrimination against women in the reparation process. They requested certain changes in Fundação Renova’s
                 registration program, damages and an injunctive relief to implement emergency measures. On 14 August 2024, the Federal Court partially granted
                 the injunctive relief request and ordered Fundação Renova to allow the review of the registration of all women who are either registered or have
                 pending registration applications in Fundação Renova. The decision is subject to appeal.

                 The Group has considered the additional information available from the status of the Settlement Negotiations (including all offers made by BHP
                 Brasil, Samarco and Vale to date), updates to the estimated costs of executing the Framework Agreement Programs, the extent to which Samarco
                 may be in a position to fund any future outflows and the judicial decision regarding collective moral damages to increase the provision related to the
                 Samarco dam failure to US$6,505 million at 30 June 2024.

                 The provision at 30 June 2024 reflects the Group’s best estimate of outflows required to resolve all aspects of the Federal Public Prosecution Office
                 claim, being reparation, compensation and moral damages, and the Framework Agreement.

                 Significant uncertainty remains around the resolution of the Federal Public Prosecution Office Claim and the Framework Agreement obligations,
                 and there is a risk that outcomes may be materially higher or lower than amounts reflected in BHP Brasil’s provision for the Samarco dam failure.

                 Key areas of uncertainty include the terms of any potential future outcome of the Settlement Negotiations, the extent to which Samarco is able to
                 directly fund any future obligations relating to reparation, compensation and moral damages and the outcomes of appeals relating to the judicial
                 decision regarding collective moral damages. Further information on the key areas of estimation uncertainty is provided in the ‘Key judgements and
                 estimates’ section below.

                 BHP Brasil, Samarco and Vale continue to maintain security, as required by a Governance Agreement, ratified on 8 August 2018, with the security
                 currently comprising insurance bonds and a charge over certain Samarco assets.
                 Australian class action complaint                                                                                                  X         ✔
                 BHP Group Limited is named as a defendant in a shareholder class action filed in the Federal Court of Australia on behalf of persons who acquired
                 shares in BHP Group Limited or BHP Group Plc (now BHP Group (UK) Ltd) in periods prior to the Samarco dam failure.

                 The amount of damages sought is unspecified. A trial is scheduled to commence in September 2025.
           
                                                                                         F-19
                                                                                                                                                                Contingent
                 Item                                                                                                                               Provision    liability
                 United Kingdom group action complaint and Vale and Samarco’s Netherlands collective action complaint                                  X           ✔
                 BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly BHP Group Plc) and BHP Group Limited (BHP Defendants) are named as defendants in group action claims for
                 damages filed in the courts of England. These claims were filed on behalf of certain individuals, municipalities, businesses, faith-based institutions
                 and communities in Brazil allegedly impacted by the Samarco dam failure.

                 The amount of damages sought in these claims is unspecified. A trial in relation to the BHP Defendants’ liability for the dam failure is listed to
                 commence in October 2024 and therefore a present obligation in relation to this matter is yet to be determined.

                 In December 2022, the BHP Defendants filed their defence and a contribution claim against Vale. The contribution claim contended that if the BHP
                 Defendants’ defence is not successful and the BHP Defendants are ordered to pay damages to the claimants, Vale should contribute to any amount
                 payable. Vale contested the jurisdiction of the English courts to determine the contribution claim, with those challenges ultimately dismissed in
                 December 2023.

                 In January 2024, the BHP Defendants were served with a new group action filed in the courts of England on behalf of additional individuals and
                 businesses in Brazil allegedly impacted by the Samarco dam failure. The new action makes broadly the same claims as the original action and the
                 amount of damages sought in these claims is unspecified.

                 In March 2024, a collective action complaint was filed in the Netherlands against Vale and a Dutch subsidiary of Samarco for compensation relating
                 to the Fundão Dam failure. The claim filed in the Netherlands indicates that these claims were filed on behalf of certain individuals, municipalities,
                 businesses, associations and faith-based institutions allegedly impacted by the Samarco dam failure who are not also claimants in the UK group
                 action claims referred to above. BHP is not a defendant in the Netherlands proceedings.

                 In July 2024, the BHP Defendants, BHP Brasil and Vale entered into an agreement – without any admission of liability in any proceedings –
                 whereby: (i) Vale will pay 50% of any amounts that may be payable by the BHP Defendants to the claimants in the UK group action claims (or by
                 the BHP Defendants, BHP Brasil or their related parties to claimants in any other proceedings in Brazil, England or the Netherlands covered by the
                 agreement); and (ii) BHP Brasil will pay 50% of any amounts that may be payable by Vale to the claimants in the Netherlands proceedings (or by




For personal use only
                 Vale or its related parties to claimants in any other proceedings in Brazil, England or the Netherlands covered by the agreement). The agreement
                 reinforces the terms of the Framework Agreement entered into in 2016 which require BHP Brasil and Vale to each contribute 50% to the funding of
                 the Renova Foundation for compensation of persons impacted by the Fundão Dam failure where Samarco is unable to contribute that funding. The
                 BHP Defendants withdrew the contribution claim against Vale in England as it is no longer necessary given this agreement.
                 Criminal charges                                                                                                                     X        ✔
                 The Federal Prosecutors’ Office has filed criminal charges against BHP Brasil, Samarco and Vale and certain employees and former employees of
                 BHP Brasil (Affected Individuals) in the Federal Court of Ponte Nova, Minas Gerais.

                 BHP Brasil rejects outright the charges against the company and the Affected Individuals and is defending itself from all charges while fully
                 supporting each of the Affected Individuals in their defence of the charges.
                 Civil public action commenced by Associations concerning the use of TANFLOC for water treatment                                    X          ✔
                 The Vila Lenira Residents Association, State of Espirito Santo Rural Producers and Artisans Association, Colatina Velha Neighbourhood Residents
                 Association, and United for the Progress of Palmeiras Neighbourhood Association have filed a lawsuit against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale and
                 others, including the State of Minas Gerais, the State of Espirito Santo and the Federal Government.

                 The plaintiffs allege that the defendants carried out a clandestine study on the citizens of the locations affected by the Fundão Dam Failure, using
                 TANFLOC – a tannin-based flocculant/coagulant – that is currently used for wastewater treatment applications. The plaintiffs claim that this
                 product allegedly put the population at risk due to its alleged experimental qualities.

                 The plaintiffs are seeking multiple kinds of relief – material damages, moral damages, loss of profits – and that the defendants should pay for water
                 supply in all locations where there is no water source other than the Doce River.

                 On 17 November 2023, the Federal Court dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice considering the Association’s lack of standing to sue and the
                 defectiveness of the complaint. The Associations filed a motion for clarification and the decision is still subject to appeal.
                 Other claims                                                                                                                       X          ✔
                 BHP Brasil is among the companies named as defendants in a number of legal proceedings initiated by individuals, non-governmental
                 organisations, corporations and governmental entities in Brazilian Federal and State courts following the Samarco dam failure. The other defendants
                 include Vale, Samarco and Fundação Renova.

                 The lawsuits include claims for compensation, environmental reparation and violations of Brazilian environmental and other laws, among other
                 matters. The lawsuits seek various remedies including reparation costs, compensation to injured individuals and families of the deceased, recovery
                 of personal and property losses, moral damages and injunctive relief.

                 Certain of these legal proceedings are outside the scope of the negotiations currently in progress aimed at resolving all aspects of the Federal Public
                 Prosecution Office BRL$155 billion claim and Framework Agreement obligations.

                 In addition, government inquiries, studies and investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure have been commenced by numerous agencies and
                 individuals of the Brazilian government and are ongoing.

                 Additional lawsuits and government investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure could be brought against BHP Brasil and other Group
                 entities in Brazil or other jurisdictions.

                 The outcomes of these claims, investigations and proceedings remain uncertain and continue to be disclosed as contingent liabilities.
           
                                                                                          F-20
           Commitments
           Under the terms of the Samarco joint venture agreement, BHP Brasil does not have an existing obligation to fund Samarco.

           However, BHP Brasil has agreed to fund a total of up to US$925 million for the Fundação Renova programs during calendar year 2024, with US$194
           million being funded in the six month period to 30 June 2024. Any additional requests for funding or future investment provided would be subject to a
           future decision by BHP Brasil, accounted for at that time.


           Samarco judicial reorganisation
           Samarco filed for Judicial Reorganisation (JR) in April 2021, with the Second Business State Court for the Belo Horizonte District of Minas Gerais,
           State of Minas Gerais, Brazil (JR Court), following enforcement actions taken by certain financial creditors of Samarco which threatened Samarco’s
           operations.

           The JR was an insolvency proceeding that provided a means for Samarco to restructure its financial debts and establish a stable financial position to
           allow Samarco to continue to rebuild its operations and strengthen its ability to meet obligations in relation to reparation, compensation and moral
           damages in relation to the Samarco dam failure. Samarco’s operations continued during the JR proceeding.

           On 28 July 2023, Samarco and one of its supporting creditors jointly filed a consensual Judicial Reorganisation Plan (Consensual Plan) with the JR
           Court, which provided, among other things, that the agreements entered into between Samarco and Brazilian public authorities in connection with the
           Fundão dam failure will not be impaired by the Consensual Plan and Samarco will continue to have the primary obligation to fund Fundação Renova.

           On 1 September 2023, the JR Court ratified the Consensual Plan. Following the ratification, Samarco entered into definitive debt restructure agreements
           with its financial creditors to implement the debt restructure, including the exchange of Samarco’s existing financial debt for US$3.6 billion of long-
           term unsecured debt that matures in June 2031 and remains non-recourse to Samarco’s shareholders. Further, as part of the agreement Samarco issued
           Senior notes to its Shareholders which also mature in June 2031.

           Samarco has paid the majority of labour claims, suppliers and other non-financial creditors as required by the Consensual Plan.




For personal use only
           The debt restructure does not impact Fundação Renova’s ability to undertake the Programs under the Framework Agreement. Samarco continues to have
           primary responsibility for funding Fundação Renova and each of BHP Brasil and Vale will continue to have secondary responsibility to fund 50% of
           Fundação Renova if Samarco does not meet its funding obligations under the Framework Agreement. Under the Consensual Plan, Samarco’s funding
           obligation to remediate and compensate the damages resulting from the dam failure, including funding Fundação Renova, is capped at US$1 billion for
           the period CY2024 to CY2030 (Renova Cap). Notwithstanding the Renova Cap, and subject to certain conditions, to the extent that Samarco each year
           has a positive cash balance after meeting its various obligations including operating capital requirements, debt service and Renova Cap requirements,
           Samarco’s shareholders are able to direct 50% of Samarco’s year end excess cash balance to fund remediation and compensation obligations.

           BHP Brasil has considered the extent to which Samarco may be in a position to fund any future outflows, when determining the dam failure related
           provision at 30 June 2024.
           
                                                                                     F-21
               Key judgements and estimates
               Judgements
               The outcomes of litigation are inherently difficult to predict and significant judgement has been applied in assessing the likely outcome of legal
               claims and determining which legal claims require recognition of a provision or disclosure of a contingent liability. The facts and circumstances
               relating to these cases are regularly evaluated in determining whether a provision for any specific claim is required.

               Management has determined that a provision can be recognised at 30 June 2024 to reflect the estimated costs to resolve all aspects of the Federal
               Public Prosecution Office claim and the Framework Agreement. It is not yet possible to provide a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of
               potential future exposures to BHP in connection to the contingent liabilities noted above, given their status.

               Estimates
               The provision for the Samarco dam failure reflects the Group’s estimate of the costs to resolve all aspects of the Federal Public Prosecution Office
               claim and Framework Agreement and requires the use of significant judgements, estimates and assumptions.

               While the provision has been measured based on the latest information available, changes in facts and circumstances are likely in future reporting
               periods and may lead to material revisions to these estimates and there is a risk that outcomes may be materially higher or lower than amounts
               currently reflected in the provision. However, it is currently not possible to determine what facts and circumstances may change, therefore revisions
               in future reporting periods due to the key estimates and factors outlined below cannot be reliably measured.

               The key estimates that may have a material impact upon the provision in the next and future reporting periods include:
           
               •        the terms of any potential future settlement agreement seeking a definitive and substantive settlement of claims relating to the Samarco dam
                        failure, including amounts payable, obligations of the parties to perform ongoing Programs of work in relation to reparation and compensation,
                        and the period of time over which any settlement amounts may be payable. A one year increase or decrease, in isolation, to the period over
                        which amounts payable have been estimated to be settled would result in a change to the dam failure provision of approximately US$125
                        million;
           




For personal use only
               •        the scope and cost of executing the Programs under the Framework Agreement, including as a result of ongoing legal actions in relation to the
                        number of people eligible for compensation and the amount of damages to which they are entitled;
           
               •        the outcomes of appeals relating to the judicial decision regarding collective moral damages, including any appeals that may be lodged by the
                        Brazilian Federal Public Prosecution Office; and
           
               •        the extent to which Samarco is able to directly fund any future obligations relating to reparation, compensation or moral damages. Samarco’s
                        long-term cash flow generation remains highly sensitive to factors including its ability to return to full production capacity, commodity prices
                        and foreign exchange rates.

               The provision may also be affected by factors including but not limited to updates to discount and foreign exchange rates. A 0.5% increase in the
               discount rate would, in isolation, reduce the provision by approximately US$130 million.

               In addition, the provision may be impacted by decisions in, or resolution of, existing and potential legal claims in Brazil and other jurisdictions,
               including the outcome of the United Kingdom group action claims, the Australian class action and the claim filed in the Netherlands against Vale and
               a Dutch subsidiary of Samarco.

               Given these factors, future actual cash outflows may differ from the amounts currently provided and changes to any of the key assumptions and
               estimates outlined above could result in a material impact to the provision in the next and future reporting periods.
           
                                                                                           F-22
               The following section provides disclosure of matters to which Samarco (and not the Group) is a party.


               Samarco
               Dam failure related provision and contingencies
               In addition to its provisions in relation to the Framework Agreement and the Federal Public Prosecution Office claim as at 30 June 2024, Samarco
               has recognised provisions of US$0.4 billion (30 June 2023: US$0.4 billion), based on currently available information, in relation to other dam failure
               related matters to which BHP Brasil is not a party. The magnitude, scope and timing of these additional costs are subject to a high degree of
               uncertainty and Samarco has indicated that it anticipates that it will incur future costs beyond those provided. These uncertainties are likely to
               continue for a significant period and changes to key assumptions could result in a material change to the amount of the provision in future reporting
               periods. Any such unrecognised obligations are therefore contingent liabilities and, at present, it is not practicable to estimate their magnitude or
               possible timing of payment. Accordingly, it is also not possible to provide a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of total potential future
               exposures at this time.

               Samarco is also named as a defendant in a number of other legal proceedings initiated by individuals, non-governmental organisations, corporations
               and governmental entities in Brazilian Federal and State courts following the Samarco dam failure. The lawsuits include claims for compensation,
               environmental rehabilitation and violations of Brazilian environmental and other laws, among other matters. The lawsuits seek various remedies
               including rehabilitation costs, compensation to injured individuals and families of the deceased, recovery of personal and property losses, moral
               damages and injunctive relief. In addition, government inquiries and investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure have been commenced by
               numerous agencies of the Brazilian government and are ongoing. Given the status of proceedings it is not possible to provide a range of possible
               outcomes or a reliable estimate of total potential future exposures to Samarco.

               Additional lawsuits and government investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure could be brought against Samarco.

               Samarco has also identified a number of individually immaterial tax-related uncertainties which have been reflected, where appropriate, in the
               Group’s share of associate and joint venture contingent liabilities presented in note 34 ‘Contingent liabilities’.




For personal use only
               Samarco insurance
               Samarco has standalone insurance policies in place with Brazilian and global insurers. Insurers’ loss adjusters or claims representatives continue to
               investigate and assist with the claims process for matters not yet settled. As at 30 June 2024, an insurance receivable has not been recognised by
               Samarco in respect of ongoing matters.


               Samarco non-dam failure related provisions and contingent liabilities
               The following non-dam failure related matters pre-date and are unrelated to the Samarco dam failure. Samarco is currently contesting aspects of both
               of these matters in the Brazilian courts. Given the status of these tax matters, the timing of resolution and potential economic outflow for Samarco is
               uncertain.


               Brazilian Social Contribution Levy
               Samarco has received tax assessments for the alleged non-payment of Brazilian Social Contribution Levy for the calendar years 2007-2014. Based
               on its assessment of currently available information as at 30 June 2024, Samarco recognised gross provisions of US$0.4 billion, US$0.2 billion net
               of US$0.2 billion court deposits paid (30 June 2023: gross provisions of US$1.1 billion, US$0.9 billion net of US$0.2 billion court deposits paid)
               and disclosed contingent liabilities of US$0.2 billion (30 June 2023: US $0.2 billion). As at 30 June 2024, BHP Brasil’s 50% share of the impact of
               the provision recognised by Samarco is reflected in the Group’s equity accounting for Samarco.


               Brazilian corporate income tax rate
               Samarco has received tax assessments, and disclosed contingent liabilities, for alleged incorrect calculation of Corporate Income Tax (IRPJ) in
               respect of the 2000-2003 and 2007-2014 income years totalling approximately US$1.0 billion (30 June 2023: US$1.1 billion).
           
           
                                                                                         F-23
           5            Expenses and other income
           
                                                                                                                                                2024       2023      2022
                                                                                                                                                US$M       US$M      US$M
           Employee benefits expense:
                Wages and salaries                                                                                                               4,633      4,539      4,197
                Employee share awards                                                                                                              112         97        109
                Social security costs                                                                                                                5          4          4
                Pension and other post-retirement obligations                                                                                      374        339        338
                Less employee benefits expense classified as exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                (49)       (35)       (30)
           Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress                                                                          (289)       301       (774)
           Raw materials and consumables used                                                                                                    6,536      6,710      5,991
           Freight and transportation                                                                                                            2,270      2,299      2,319
           External services                                                                                                                     5,795      4,768      4,525
           Third-party commodity purchases                                                                                                       1,977      1,878      2,959
           Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                                                                                      23       (197)      (326)
           Fair value change on derivatives1                                                                                                        84        135        (29)
           Government royalties paid and payable                                                                                                 3,571      3,841      4,014
           Exploration and evaluation expenditure incurred and expensed in the current period                                                      399        294        199
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                                                 5,295      5,061      5,683
           Net impairments:
                Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                    3,833         73        515
                Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                                                57          2          –
           All other operating expenses                                                                                                          2,124      1,764      2,677
           Total expenses                                                                                                                       36,750     31,873     32,371
           (Gain)/loss on disposal of subsidiaries and operations2                                                                                (915)        (8)      (840)
           Dividend income3                                                                                                                         (1)       (19)      (241)
           Other income4                                                                                                                          (369)      (367)      (317)




For personal use only
           Total other income                                                                                                                   (1,285)      (394)    (1,398)
           
           1            Fair value change on derivatives is principally related to commodity price contracts, foreign exchange contracts and embedded derivatives used in
                        the ordinary course of business as well as derivatives used as part of the funding of dividends.
           
           2            Mainly relates to the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia mines in FY2024 and BMC in FY2022. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for further
                        information.
           
           3            During FY2022, the Group received dividends of US$238 million from Cerrejón. On 11 January 2022, BHP completed the sale of its 33.33 per
                        cent interest in Cerrejón to joint venture partner, Glencore plc. In accordance with the sale agreement, the final sale proceeds were adjusted for the
                        dividends received to a final number of US$50 million.
           
           4            Other income is generally income earned from transactions outside the course of the Group’s ordinary activities and may include certain
                        management fees from non-controlling interests and joint arrangements, royalties and commission income.


           Recognition and measurement
           Other income is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with a transaction will flow to the Group and can be reliably
           measured. Dividend income is recognised upon declaration.
           
                                                                                             F-24
           6            Income tax expense
           
                                                                                                                                             2024       2023      2022
                                                                                                                                             US$M       US$M      US$M
           Total taxation expense comprises:
           Current tax expense                                                                                                                 7,435     6,690    10,673
           Deferred tax (benefit)/expense                                                                                                       (988)      387        64
           Total taxation expense                                                                                                              6,447     7,077    10,737
           
                                                                                                                                             2024       2023      2022
                                                                                                                                             US$M       US$M      US$M
           Factors affecting income tax expense for the year
           Income tax expense differs to the standard rate of corporation tax as follows:
           Profit before taxation                                                                                                            16,048     21,401    33,137
           Tax on profit at Australian prima facie tax rate of 30 per cent                                                                    4,814      6,420     9,941
           Tax effect of (loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses1                                     737        (37)      (19)
           Derecognition of deferred tax assets and current year tax losses2                                                                    666        526     1,087
           Tax on remitted and unremitted foreign earnings                                                                                      224        137       441
           Amounts (over)/under provided in prior years                                                                                         (25)       (18)      (80)
           Foreign exchange adjustments                                                                                                         (79)        94      (233)
           Recognition of previously unrecognised tax assets                                                                                   (110)      (109)       (3)
           Impact of tax rates applicable outside of Australia                                                                                 (556)      (558)     (801)
           Other                                                                                                                                344        236        97
           Income tax expense                                                                                                                 6,015      6,691    10,430
           Royalty-related taxation (net of income tax benefit)3                                                                                432        386       307
           Total taxation expense                                                                                                             6,447      7,077    10,737
           




For personal use only
           1            This item removes the prima facie tax effect on (loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses that are net of
                        tax, with the exception of the Samarco forward exchange derivatives described in note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’, which are
                        taxable.
           
           2            Includes the tax impacts related to the exceptional impairments of US deferred tax assets in the year ended 30 June 2022 as presented in note 3
                        ‘Exceptional items’.
           
           3            Includes the revaluation of deferred tax balances in the year ended 30 June 2023, following the substantive enactment of the Chilean Royalty Bill,
                        as presented in note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

           Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income is as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                               2024     2023      2022
                                                                                                                                              US$M      US$M      US$M
           Income tax effect of:
           Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement:
           Hedges:
               (Losses)/gains taken to equity                                                                                                     10       (29)       274
               Losses/(gains) transferred to the income statement                                                                                (15)       45       (264)
               Others                                                                                                                              –       (11)         –
           Income tax (charge)/credit relating to items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement                             (5)        5         10
           Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement:
           Re-measurement gains/(losses) on pension and medical schemes                                                                          (13)        7            (9)
           Income tax (charge)/credit relating to items that will not be reclassified to the income statement                                    (13)        7            (9)
           Total income tax (charge)/credit relating to components of other comprehensive income1                                                (18)       12             1
           
           1            Included within total income tax relating to components of other comprehensive income is US$(18) million relating to deferred taxes and US$ nil
                        relating to current taxes (2023: US$12 million and US$ nil; 2022: US$1 million and US$ nil).
           
                                                                                            F-25
           Recognition and measurement
           Taxation on the profit/(loss) for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Taxation is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it
           relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case the tax effect is also recognised in equity or other
           comprehensive income.
           
           Current tax                                              Deferred tax                                             Royalty-related taxation
           Current tax is the expected tax on the taxable           Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or        Royalties are treated as taxation arrangements
           income for the year, using tax rates and laws            recoverable on differences between the carrying          (impacting income tax expense/(benefit))
           enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting        amounts of assets and liabilities in the Financial       when they are imposed under government
           date, and any adjustments to tax payable in respect      Statements and the corresponding tax bases used          authority and the amount payable is
           of previous years.                                       in the computation of taxable profit, and is             calculated by reference to revenue derived
                                                                    accounted for in accordance with IAS 12/AASB             (net of any allowable deductions) after
                                                                    112 ‘Income Taxes’ (IAS 12).                             adjustment for temporary differences.
                                                                                                                             Obligations arising from royalty arrangements
                                                                    Deferred tax is generally provided on temporary
                                                                                                                             that do not satisfy these criteria are
                                                                    differences arising between the tax bases of
                                                                                                                             recognised as current liabilities and included
                                                                    assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
                                                                                                                             in expenses.
                                                                    in the Financial Statements. Deferred tax assets
                                                                    are recognised to the extent that it is probable
                                                                    that future taxable profits will be available
                                                                    against which the temporary differences can be
                                                                    utilised.
                                                                    Deferred tax is not recognised for temporary
                                                                    differences relating to:
                                                                    •    initial recognition of goodwill
                                                                    •    initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a




For personal use only
                                                                         transaction that is not a business
                                                                         combination and that affects neither
                                                                         accounting nor taxable profit, except where
                                                                         the transaction gives rise to equal and
                                                                         offsetting taxable and deductible temporary
                                                                         differences
                                                                    •    investment in subsidiaries, associates and
                                                                         jointly controlled entities where the Group
                                                                         is able to control the timing of the reversal
                                                                         of the temporary difference and it is
                                                                         probable that they will not reverse in the
                                                                         foreseeable future
                                                                    Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are
                                                                    expected to be applied when the asset is realised
                                                                    or the liability is settled, based on the laws that
                                                                    have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
                                                                    reporting date.
                                                                    Current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are
                                                                    offset when the Group has a legally enforceable
                                                                    right to offset and when the tax balances are
                                                                    related to taxes levied by the same tax authority
                                                                    and the Group intends to settle on a net basis, or
                                                                    realise the asset and settle the liability
                                                                    simultaneously.


           International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules
           The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting previously
           published the Pillar Two model rules designed to address the tax challenges arising from the digitalisation of the global economy, including the
           implementation of a global minimum tax. The Group has a presence in jurisdictions that have enacted or substantively enacted legislation in relation to
           the OECD/G20 BEPS Pillar Two model rules.

           The enacted or substantively enacted rules apply to income years commencing on or after 1 January 2024 and, on this basis, there is no current tax
           impact for the income year ended 30 June 2024. The temporary exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and
           liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes has been applied at 30 June 2024, pursuant to the amendments to IAS 12 issued on 23 May 2023 and
           27 June 2023 by the IASB and AASB respectively.

           The Group continues to monitor and evaluate the domestic implementation of the Pillar Two rules in the jurisdictions in which it operates. The Group’s
           potential exposure to Pillar Two taxes, based on legislation that is enacted or substantively enacted, is not expected to be material.
           
                                                                                        F-26
           Uncertain tax and royalty matters
           The Group operates across many tax jurisdictions. Application of tax law can be complex and requires judgement to assess risk and estimate outcomes.
           These judgements are subject to risk and uncertainty, hence there is a possibility that changes in circumstances will alter expectations, which may impact
           the amount of tax assets and tax liabilities, including deferred tax, recognised on the balance sheet and the amount of other tax losses and temporary
           differences not yet recognised. The evaluation of tax risks considers both amended assessments received and potential sources of challenge from tax
           authorities. The status of proceedings for these matters will impact the ability to determine the potential exposure and in some cases, it may not be
           possible to determine a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of the potential exposure.

           Tax and royalty matters with uncertain outcomes arise in the normal course of business and occur due to changes in tax law, changes in interpretation of
           tax law, periodic challenges and disagreements with tax authorities and legal proceedings.

           Tax and royalty obligations assessed as having probable future economic outflows capable of reliable measurement are provided for as at 30 June 2024.
           Matters with a possible economic outflow and/or presently incapable of being measured reliably are contingent liabilities and disclosed in note 34
           ‘Contingent liabilities’. Details of uncertain tax and royalty matters relating to Samarco are disclosed in note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam
           failure’.

           
               Key judgements and estimates
               Income tax classification
               Judgements: The Group’s accounting policy for taxation, including royalty-related taxation, requires management’s judgement as to the types of
               arrangements considered to be a tax on income in contrast to an operating cost.


               Deferred tax
               Judgements: Judgement is required in:
           
               -        determining the amount of deferred tax assets to be recognised based on the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits;




For personal use only
           
               -        assessing whether changes in tax regimes or applicable tax rates are substantively enacted at the reporting date;
           
               -        recognising deferred tax liabilities arising from temporary differences in investments. These deferred tax liabilities caused principally by retained
                        earnings held in foreign tax jurisdictions are recognised unless repatriation of retained earnings can be controlled and is not expected to occur in
                        the foreseeable future.

               In FY2023, judgement was applied in determining the Chilean Royalty Bill was substantively enacted at the reporting date. It was considered that the
               process of enactment was complete and the remaining steps for enactment would not change the outcome of the tax rates to be applied in measuring
               the deferred tax assets and liabilities.

               Estimates: The Group assesses the recoverability of recognised and unrecognised deferred taxes, including losses in Australia, the United States and
               Canada on a consistent basis. Estimates and assumptions relating to projected earnings and cash flows as applied in the Group impairment process
               are used for operating assets.

               These forecasts are also used to estimate the royalty-related tax rates to apply when the deferred tax assets are realised and deferred tax liabilities are
               settled.
           
                                                                                             F-27
           7            Earnings per share
           
                                                                                                                                           2024      2023     2022
           Earnings attributable to BHP shareholders (US$M)
           - Continuing operations                                                                                                         7,897    12,921   20,245
           - Total                                                                                                                         7,897    12,921   30,900
           Weighted average number of shares (Million)
           - Basic                                                                                                                         5,068     5,064    5,061
           - Diluted                                                                                                                       5,077     5,073    5,071
           Basic earnings per ordinary share (US cents)
           - Continuing operations                                                                                                         155.8     255.2    400.0
           - Total                                                                                                                         155.8     255.2    610.6
           Diluted earnings per ordinary share (US cents)
           - Continuing operations                                                                                                         155.5     254.7    399.2
           - Total                                                                                                                         155.5     254.7    609.3
           Headline earnings per ordinary share (US cents)
           - Basic                                                                                                                         195.9     256.1    439.0
           - Diluted                                                                                                                       195.6     255.7    438.1

           Refer to note 28 ‘Discontinued operations’ for basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share for Discontinued operations.

           Earnings on American Depositary Shares represent twice the earnings for BHP Group Limited ordinary shares.

           Headline earnings is a Johannesburg Stock Exchange defined performance measure and is reconciled from earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
           as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                        2024       2023      2022




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                       US$M        US$M      US$M
           Earnings attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                    7,897      12,921    30,900
           Adjusted for:
           (Gain)/loss on sales of property, plant and equipment, intangibles and investments                                             (29)         (9)      (95)
           Impairments of property, plant and equipment and intangibles                                                                 3,905          75       515
           Gain on disposal of subsidiaries and operations                                                                               (915)          –      (840)
           Gain on merger of Petroleum                                                                                                      –           –    (8,167)
           Tax effect of above adjustments                                                                                               (928)        (17)      (97)
           Subtotal of adjustments                                                                                                      2,033          49    (8,684)
           Headline earnings                                                                                                            9,930      12,970    22,216
           Diluted headline earnings                                                                                                    9,930      12,970    22,216


           Recognition and measurement
           Diluted earnings attributable to BHP shareholders are equal to the earnings attributable to BHP shareholders.

           Following unification of the BHP corporate structure on 31 January 2022, the aggregate weighted average number of ordinary shares of only BHP
           Group Limited is considered in the composition of basic earnings per share. The calculation of the number of ordinary shares used in the computation of
           basic earnings per share is the weighted average number of ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited outstanding during the period after deduction of the
           number of shares held by the BHP Group Limited Employee Equity Trust.

           For the purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share, the effect of 9 million dilutive shares has been taken into account for the year ended 30 June
           2024 (2023: 9 million shares; 2022: 10 million shares). The Group’s only potential dilutive ordinary shares are share awards granted under the employee
           share ownership plans for which terms and conditions are described in note 26 ‘Employee share ownership plans’. Diluted earnings per share calculation
           excludes instruments which are considered antidilutive.

           At 30 June 2024, there are no instruments which are considered antidilutive (2023: nil; 2022: nil).
           
                                                                                      F-28
           Working capital
           8            Trade and other receivables
           
                                                                                                                                                       2024       2023
                                                                                                                                                       US$M       US$M
           Trade receivables                                                                                                                            3,687      3,418
           Other receivables                                                                                                                            1,652      1,324
           Total                                                                                                                                        5,339      4,742
           Comprising:
               Current                                                                                                                                  5,169      4,594
               Non-current                                                                                                                                170        148


           Recognition and measurement
           Trade receivables are recognised initially at their transaction price or, for those receivables containing a significant financing component, at fair value.
           Trade receivables are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less an allowance for impairment, except for
           provisionally priced receivables which are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss under IFRS 9.

           The collectability of trade and other receivables is assessed continuously. At the reporting date, specific allowances are made for any expected credit
           losses based on a review of all outstanding amounts at reporting period-end. Individual receivables are written off when management deems them
           unrecoverable. The net carrying amount of trade and other receivables approximates their fair values.


           Credit risk
           Trade receivables generally have terms of less than 30 days. The Group has no material concentration of credit risk with any single counterparty and is
           not dominantly exposed to any individual industry.




For personal use only
           Credit risk can arise from the non-performance by counterparties of their contractual financial obligations towards the Group. To manage credit risk, the
           Group maintains Group-wide procedures covering the application for credit approvals, granting and renewal of counterparty limits, proactive monitoring
           of exposures against these limits and requirements triggering secured payment terms. As part of these processes, the credit exposures with all
           counterparties are regularly monitored and assessed on a timely basis. The credit quality of the Group’s customers is reviewed and the solvency of each
           debtor and their ability to pay the receivable is considered in assessing receivables for impairment.

           The 10 largest customers represented 39 per cent (2023: 31 per cent) of total credit risk exposures managed by the Group.

           Receivables are deemed to be past due or impaired in accordance with the Group’s terms and conditions. These terms and conditions are determined on
           a case-by-case basis with reference to the customer’s credit quality, payment performance and prevailing market conditions. As at 30 June 2024, trade
           receivables of US$59 million (2023: US$8 million) were past due but not impaired. The majority of these receivables were less than 30 days overdue.

           At 30 June 2024, trade receivables are stated net of provisions for expected credit losses of US$1 million (2023: US$9 million).


           9            Trade and other payables
           
                                                                                                                                                       2024       2023
                                                                                                                                                       US$M       US$M
           Trade payables                                                                                                                               5,338      4,893
           Other payables                                                                                                                               1,426      1,407
           Total                                                                                                                                        6,764      6,300
           Comprising:
               Current                                                                                                                                  6,719      6,296
               Non-current                                                                                                                                 45          4
           
                                                                                        F-29
           10           Inventories
           
                                                                         2024          2023                                    Definitions
                                                                         US$M          US$M
           Raw materials and consumables                                  2,305         2,106     Spares, consumables and other supplies yet to be utilised in the
                                                                                                  production process or in the rendering of services.
           Work in progress                                                3,516        3,514     Commodities currently in the production process that require further
                                                                                                  processing by the Group to a saleable form.
           Finished goods                                                  1,218        1,003     Commodities ready-for-sale and not requiring further processing by
                                                                                                  the Group.
           Total1                                                          7,039        6,623
           Comprising:                                                                            Inventories classified as non-current are not expected to be utilised
               Current                                                     5,828        5,220     or sold within 12 months after the reporting date or within the
               Non-current                                                 1,211        1,403     operating cycle of the business.
           
           1            Inventory write-downs of US$69 million were recognised during the year (2023: US$100 million; 2022: US$163 million). Inventory write-downs
                        of US$19 million made in previous periods were reversed during the year (2023: US$37 million; 2022: US$23 million).


           Recognition and measurement
           Regardless of the type of inventory and its stage in the production process, inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is
           determined primarily on the basis of average costs and involves estimates of expected metal recoveries and work in progress volumes, calculated using
           available industry, engineering and scientific data. These estimates are periodically reassessed by the Group taking into account technical analysis and
           historical performance.

           For processed inventories, cost is derived on an absorption costing basis. Cost comprises costs of purchasing raw materials and costs of production,
           including attributable mining and manufacturing overheads taking into consideration normal operating capacity.




For personal use only
           Inventory quantities are assessed primarily through surveys and assays.

           Resource assets

           11           Property, plant and equipment
           
                                                                                                              Other                          Exploration
                                                                                   Land and     Plant and     mineral     Assets under          and
                                                                                   buildings    equipment      assets     construction       evaluation        Total
                                                                                    US$M          US$M        US$M           US$M              US$M            US$M
           Net book value – 30 June 2024
           At the beginning of the financial year                                      8,140       36,654      13,304            13,481               239       71,818
           Additions1                                                                     27        1,206         795             8,840                58       10,926
           Remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts2                               –          230           –                 –                 –          230
           Depreciation for the year                                                    (637)      (4,287)       (264)                –                 –       (5,188)
           Impairments for the year3                                                     (88)      (1,440)       (930)           (1,365)              (10)      (3,833)
           Disposals                                                                      (1)         (15)          –                 –                 –          (16)
           Divestment of subsidiaries and operations4                                   (293)      (1,093)        (23)              (44)                –       (1,453)
           Transfers and other movements                                                 417        3,249        (655)           (3,815)              (51)        (855)
           At the end of the financial year5                                           7,565       34,504      12,227            17,097               236       71,629
           – Cost                                                                     15,180       86,989      19,900            19,106             1,035      142,210
           – Accumulated depreciation and impairments                                 (7,615)     (52,485)     (7,673)           (2,009)             (799)     (70,581)
           Net book value – 30 June 2023
           At the beginning of the financial year                                      8,079       35,500       8,494             9,031               191       61,295
           Additions1                                                                    194        1,024         842             6,332                56        8,448
           Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations6                                    88        2,256       4,612               720                 –        7,676
           Remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts2                               –           53           –                 –                 –           53
           Depreciation for the year                                                    (586)      (4,156)       (225)                –                 –       (4,967)
           Impairments for the year3                                                       –          (73)          –                 –                 –          (73)
           Disposals                                                                      (2)          (6)          –                 –                 –           (8)
           Transfers and other movements                                                 367        2,056        (419)           (2,602)               (8)        (606)
           At the end of the financial year5                                           8,140       36,654      13,304            13,481               239       71,818
           – Cost                                                                     15,258       85,394      19,420            14,245             1,029      135,346
           – Accumulated depreciation and impairments                                 (7,118)     (48,740)     (6,116)             (764)             (790)     (63,528)
           
                                                                                         F-30
           
           1            Includes change in estimates and net foreign exchange gains/(losses) related to the closure and rehabilitation provisions for operating sites. Refer
                        to note 15 ‘Closure and rehabilitation provisions’.
           
           2            Relates to remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts including continuous voyage charters (CVCs). Refer to note 22 ‘Leases’.
           
           3            Refer to note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’ for information on impairments.
           
           4            Relates to the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines completed on 2 April 2024. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for more
                        information.
           
           5            Includes the carrying value of the Group’s right-of-use assets relating to land and buildings and plant and equipment of US$2,708 million (2023:
                        US$2,809 million). Refer to note 22 ‘Leases’ for the movement of the right-of-use assets.
           
           6            Relates to the acquisition of OZL on 2 May 2023. Refer to note 29 ‘Business combinations’ for more information.


           Recognition and measurement
           Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment charges. Cost is the fair value of consideration given to
           acquire the asset at the time of its acquisition or construction and includes the direct costs of bringing the asset to the location and the condition
           necessary for operation and the estimated future costs of closure and rehabilitation of the facility.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
           liabilities. Refer to note 22 ‘Leases’ for further details. Right-of-use assets are presented within the category of property, plant and equipment according
           to the nature of the underlying asset leased.


           Exploration and evaluation
           Exploration costs are incurred to discover mineral resources. Evaluation costs are incurred to assess the technical feasibility and commercial viability of




For personal use only
           resources found.

           Exploration and evaluation expenditure is charged to the income statement as incurred, except in the following circumstances in which case the
           expenditure may be capitalised:
           
           •            the exploration and evaluation activity is within an area of interest that was previously acquired as an asset acquisition or in a business
                        combination and measured at fair value on acquisition or
           
           •            the existence of a commercially viable mineral deposit has been established

           A regular review of each area of interest is undertaken to determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward costs in relation to that area.
           Capitalised costs are only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to be recovered through the successful exploitation of the area of interest
           or alternatively by its sale. To the extent that capitalised expenditure is no longer expected to be recovered, it is charged to the income statement.


           Development expenditure
           When proven mineral reserves are determined and development is sanctioned, capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure is reclassified as assets
           under construction within property, plant and equipment. All subsequent development expenditure is capitalised and classified as assets under
           construction, provided commercial viability conditions continue to be satisfied.

           The Group may use funds sourced from external parties to finance the acquisition and development of assets and operations. Finance costs are expensed
           as incurred, except where they relate to the financing of construction or development of qualifying assets. Borrowing costs directly attributable to
           acquiring or constructing a qualifying asset are capitalised during the development phase.

           In the instance where saleable material is extracted prior to the commissioning of a project/site, sale proceeds are recognised as revenue, with associated
           costs also recognised in the income statement. On completion of development, all assets included in assets under construction are reclassified as either
           plant and equipment or other mineral assets and depreciation commences.


           Other mineral assets
           Other mineral assets comprise:
           
           •            capitalised exploration, evaluation and development expenditure for assets in production
           
           •            mineral rights acquired
           
           •            capitalised development and production stripping costs


           Overburden removal costs
           The process of removing overburden and other waste materials to access mineral deposits is referred to as stripping. Stripping is necessary to obtain
           access to mineral deposits and occurs throughout the life of an open-pit mine. Development and production stripping costs are classified as other mineral
           assets in property, plant and equipment.

           Stripping costs are accounted for separately for individual components of an ore body. The determination of components is dependent on the mine plan
           and other factors, including the size, shape and geotechnical aspects of an ore body. The Group accounts for stripping activities as follows:
           
                                                                                              F-31
           Development stripping costs
           These are initial overburden removal costs incurred to obtain access to mineral deposits that will be commercially produced. These costs are capitalised
           when it is probable that future economic benefits (access to mineral ores) will flow to the Group and costs can be measured reliably.

           Once the production phase begins, capitalised development stripping costs are depreciated using the units of production method based on the proven and
           probable reserves of the relevant identified component of the ore body which the initial stripping activity benefits.


           Production stripping costs
           These are post initial overburden removal costs incurred during the normal course of production activity, which commences after the first saleable
           minerals have been extracted from the component. Production stripping costs can give rise to two benefits, the accounting for which is outlined below:
           
                                                                                                      Production stripping activity
           Benefits of stripping activity                          Extraction of ore (inventory) in current period.   Improved access to future ore extraction.
           Period benefited                                        Current period                                       Future period(s)
           Recognition and measurement criteria                    When the benefits of stripping activities are        When the benefits of stripping activities are
                                                                   realised in the form of inventory produced; the      improved access to future ore; production costs
                                                                   associated costs are recorded in accordance with     are capitalised when all the following criteria
                                                                   the Group’s inventory accounting policy.             are met:
                                                                                                                        •    the production stripping activity improves
                                                                                                                             access to a specific component of the ore
                                                                                                                             body and it is probable that economic
                                                                                                                             benefits arising from the improved access
                                                                                                                             to future ore production will be realised
                                                                                                                        •    the component of the ore body for which




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             access has been improved can be
                                                                                                                             identified
                                                                                                                        •    costs associated with that component can
                                                                                                                             be measured reliably
           Allocation of costs                                     Production stripping costs are allocated between the inventory produced and the production
                                                                   stripping asset using a life-of-component waste-to-ore (or mineral contained) strip ratio. When the
                                                                   current strip ratio is greater than the estimated life-of-component ratio a portion of the stripping
                                                                   costs is capitalised to the production stripping asset.
           Asset recognised from stripping activity                Inventory                                            Other mineral assets within property, plant and
                                                                                                                        equipment.
           Depreciation basis                                      Not applicable                                       On a component-by-component basis using the
                                                                                                                        units of production method based on proven
                                                                                                                        and probable reserves.

           
               Key judgements and estimates
               Judgements: Judgement is applied by management in determining the components of an ore body.

               Estimates: Estimates are used in the determination of stripping ratios and mineral reserves by component. Changes to estimates related to
               life-of-component waste-to-ore (or mineral contained) strip ratios and the expected ore production from identified components are accounted for
               prospectively and may affect depreciation rates and asset carrying values.


           Depreciation
           Depreciation of assets, other than land, assets under construction and capitalised exploration and evaluation that are not depreciated, is calculated using
           either the straight-line (SL) method or units of production (UoP) method, net of residual values, over the estimated useful lives of specific assets. The
           depreciation method and rates applied to specific assets reflect the pattern in which the asset’s benefits are expected to be used by the Group. The
           Group’s proved and probable reserves for minerals assets are used to determine UoP depreciation unless doing so results in depreciation charges that do
           not reflect the asset’s useful life. Where this occurs, alternative approaches to determining reserves are applied, to provide a phasing of periodic
           depreciation charges that better reflects the asset’s expected useful life.

           Where assets are dedicated to a mine lease, the useful lives below are subject to the lesser of the asset category’s useful life and the life of the mine
           lease, unless those assets are readily transferable to another productive mine.

           Assets classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell and therefore not depreciated.
           
                                                                                        F-32
               Key estimates
               The determination of useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods involves estimates and assumptions and is reviewed annually. Any
               changes to useful lives or any other estimates or assumptions, including the expected impact of climate change and the transition to a lower carbon
               economy, may affect prospective depreciation rates and asset carrying values. The table below summarises the principal depreciation methods and
               rates applied to major asset categories by the Group.
           


                                                                                                                                           Capitalised exploration,
                                                                                                                                           evaluation and
                                                                                                   Plant and                               development
                Category                                                      Buildings            equipment     Mineral rights            expenditure
                Typical depreciation methodology                              SL                   SL            UoP                       UoP
                Depreciation rate                                             25-50 years          3-30 years    Based on the rate of      Based on the rate of
                                                                                                                 depletion of reserves     depletion of reserves


           Commitments
           The Group’s commitments for capital expenditure were US$5,958 million as at 30 June 2024 (2023: US$3,975 million). The Group’s commitments
           related to leases are included in note 22 ‘Leases’.


           12           Intangible assets
           
                                                                                                              2024                                  2023
                                                                                                               Other                                 Other
                                                                                             Goodwill       intangibles   Total      Goodwill     intangibles      Total
                                                                                              US$M            US$M        US$M        US$M          US$M           US$M




For personal use only
           Net book value
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                  1,389           221      1,610         1,197           172         1,369
           Additions                                                                                   –           101        101             –            51            51
           Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations1                                                 –             –          –           192             –           192
           Amortisation for the year                                                                   –          (107)      (107)            –           (94)          (94)
           Impairments for the year2                                                                 (50)           (7)       (57)            –            (2)           (2)
           Disposals                                                                                   –           (12)       (12)            –           (15)          (15)
           Divestment of subsidiaries and operations3                                                  –           (45)       (45)            –             –             –
           Transfers and other movements                                                               2           226        228             –           109           109
           At the end of the financial year                                                        1,341           377      1,718         1,389           221         1,610
           – Cost                                                                                  1,391         1,798      3,189         1,389         1,529         2,918
           – Accumulated amortisation and impairments                                                (50)       (1,421)    (1,471)            –        (1,308)       (1,308)
           
           1            Relates to the acquisition of OZL on 2 May 2023. Refer to note 29 ‘Business combinations’ for more information.
           
           2            Refer to note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’ for information on impairments.
           
           3            Relates to the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines completed on 2 April 2024. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for more
                        information.


           Recognition and measurement
           Goodwill
           Where the fair value of the consideration paid for a business acquisition exceeds the fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
           liabilities acquired, the difference is treated as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortised and is measured at cost less any impairment losses.


           Other intangibles
           The Group capitalises amounts paid for the acquisition of identifiable intangible assets, such as software, licences and initial payments for the
           acquisition of mineral lease assets, where it is considered that they will contribute to future periods through revenue generation or reductions in cost.
           These assets, classified as finite life intangible assets, are carried in the balance sheet at the fair value of consideration paid (cost) less accumulated
           amortisation and impairment charges. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. The estimated
           useful lives are generally no greater than eight years.

           Initial payments for the acquisition of intangible mineral lease assets are capitalised and amortised over the term of the permit. A regular review is
           undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward costs in relation to that area. Capitalised costs are
           only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to be recovered through the successful exploitation of the area of interest or alternatively by its
           sale. To the extent that capitalised expenditure is no longer expected to be recovered, it is charged to the income statement.

           Assets classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell and therefore not amortised.
           
                                                                                            F-33
           13           Impairment of non-current assets
           
                                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                                    Property,                                 Equity-
                                                                                                    plant and         Goodwill and           accounted
           Cash generating unit                                                    Segment         equipment        other intangibles       investment        Total
                                                                                                     US$M                US$M                  US$M           US$M
           Western Australia Nickel                                              Group and               3,744                    56                  –        3,800
                                                                                 unallocated
           Other                                                                 Various                    89                       1                 –           90
           Total impairment of non-current assets                                                        3,833                      57                 –        3,890
           Reversal of impairment                                                                            –                       –                 –            –
           Net impairment of non-current assets                                                          3,833                      57                 –        3,890
           
                                                                                                                                  2023
                                                                                                     Property,                                 Equity-
                                                                                                     plant and        Goodwill and            accounted
           Cash generating unit                                                      Segment        equipment        other intangibles       investment        Total
                                                                                                      US$M                US$M                  US$M           US$M
           Other                                                                     Various                 73                      2                 –          75
           Total impairment of non-current assets                                                            73                      2                 –          75
           Reversal of impairment                                                                             –                      –                 –           –
           Net impairment of non-current assets                                                              73                      2                 –          75


           Recognition and measurement




For personal use only
           Impairment tests for all non-financial assets (excluding goodwill) are performed when there is an indication of impairment. Goodwill is tested for
           impairment at least annually. Where the asset does not generate cash flows that are independent from other assets, the Group estimates the recoverable
           amount of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs, being the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are
           largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. If the carrying amount of the asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount,
           the asset or CGU is impaired and an impairment loss is charged to the income statement so as to reduce the carrying amount in the balance sheet to its
           recoverable amount.

           Previously impaired assets (excluding goodwill as impairment losses are not reversed in subsequent periods) are reviewed for possible reversal of
           previous impairment at each reporting date. Impairment reversal cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of
           depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset or CGU. Such reversal is recognised in the income statement. There were no
           reversals of impairment in the current or prior year.


           How recoverable amount is calculated
           The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less cost of disposal (FVLCD) and its value in use (VIU).


           Fair value less cost of disposal
           FVLCD is an estimate of the amount that a market participant would pay for an asset or CGU, less the cost of disposal. FVLCD for mineral assets is
           generally determined using independent market assumptions to calculate the present value of the estimated future post-tax cash flows expected to arise
           from the continued use of the asset, including the anticipated cash flow effects of any capital expenditure to enhance production or reduce cost, and its
           eventual disposal where a market participant may take a consistent view. Cash flows are discounted using an appropriate post-tax market discount rate to
           arrive at a net present value of the asset, which is compared against the asset’s carrying value. FVLCD may also take into consideration other market-
           based indicators of fair value. FVLCD are based primarily on Level 3 inputs as defined in note 24 ‘Financial risk management’ unless otherwise noted.


           Value in use
           VIU is determined as the present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to arise from the continued use of the asset in its present form and its
           eventual disposal or closure. VIU is determined by applying assumptions specific to the Group’s continued use and cannot take into account future
           development. These assumptions are different to those used in calculating FVLCD and consequently the VIU calculation is likely to give a different
           result (usually lower) to a FVLCD calculation.
           
                                                                                      F-34
           Impairment of non-current assets (excluding goodwill)
           Impairment of non-current assets relating to the year ended 30 June 2024 are detailed below.


           Western Australia Nickel
           At 30 June 2024, the Group determined that the overall recoverable amount of the Western Australia Nickel CGU to be approximately negative
           US$600 million including closure provisions. Considering the recoverable amount of individual assets within the CGU, this resulted in an aggregate
           impairment to property, plant and equipment of US$3,744 million and intangible assets of US$56 million in FY2024. The impairment is driven by
           oversupply in the global nickel market that has seen a sharp decline in forward nickel prices in the short to medium term, escalation in capital costs for
           Western Australia Nickel, and changes to development plans including the Group’s decision, announced on 11 July 2024, to temporarily suspend Nickel
           West operations and the West Musgrave project at Western Australia Nickel. The Western Australia Nickel CGU is part of the ‘Group and unallocated
           items’ reportable segment.

           The post-impairment carrying value of Western Australia Nickel property, plant and equipment is not material.

           Recoverable amount used for the impairment assessment was determined using a fair value less costs of disposal methodology, applying discounted cash
           flow techniques utilising a post-tax real discount rate of 7.5 per cent. The valuation is most sensitive to changes in the long-term nickel price outlook
           and foreign exchange assumptions.

           There were no material impairments of non-current assets for the year ended 30 June 2023.


           Impairment test for goodwill
           The carrying amount of goodwill has been allocated to the CGUs, or groups of CGUs, as follows:
           
           Cash generating unit                                                                                                                        2024      2023
                                                                                                                                                       US$M      US$M




For personal use only
           Olympic Dam                                                                                                                                      –     1,010
           OZ Minerals Limited provisional goodwill                                                                                                         –       192
           Copper SA                                                                                                                                    1,154         –
           Other                                                                                                                                          187       187
           Total goodwill                                                                                                                               1,341     1,389

           For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
           previous business combinations, which represent the level at which management will monitor and manage goodwill.

           In previous reporting periods the Olympic Dam goodwill has been tested for impairment as part of the Olympic Dam CGU. In the current reporting
           period, and moving forward, the Olympic Dam goodwill has been tested for impairment at the Copper SA level, which comprises Olympic Dam,
           Carrapateena and Prominent Hill.

           On 2 May 2023, the Group acquired OZ Minerals Limited (OZL) (refer to note 29 ‘Business combination’ for details). In 2024 following the acquisition
           of OZL, the Group reorganised its reporting structure and established Copper SA, which comprises the Olympic Dam CGU as well as the acquired
           Carrapateena and Prominent Hill CGUs. On completion of the OZL business combination accounting, the OZL goodwill of US$194 million was
           allocated as follows:
           
           •            US$144 million to the Copper SA group of CGUs; and
           
           •            US$50 million to Western Australia Nickel CGU, which was written off at 31 December 2023 as part of the impairment of Western Australia
                        Nickel assets.

           From FY2024, the Olympic Dam goodwill is tested for impairment as part of the Copper SA group of CGUs as this represents the level at which the
           Group now monitors and manages the goodwill.

           Goodwill held by other CGUs is US$187 million (2023: US$187 million). This represents less than one per cent of net assets at 30 June 2024 (2023:
           less than one per cent). There was no impairment of other goodwill in the year to 30 June 2024 (2023: US$ nil).
           
           Copper SA goodwill
           Impairment test conclusion                      The Group performed an impairment test of the Copper SA Group of CGUs, including goodwill, as at
                                                           30 June 2024 and an impairment charge was not required.
           How did the goodwill arise?                     Goodwill of US$1,010 million and US$144 million in relation to the acquisitions of WMC Resources
                                                           Ltd (2005) and OZ Minerals Ltd (2023), respectively.
           Segment                                         Copper SA is part of the Copper reportable segment.
           How were the valuations calculated?             FVLCD methodology using DCF techniques has been applied in determining the recoverable amount
                                                           of Copper SA.
           Significant assumptions and sensitivities       The valuation of Copper SA exceeded its carrying amount by approximately US$8.4 billion and is most
                                                           sensitive to changes in copper commodity price, production volumes, operating costs and discount
                                                           rates.
                                                                 It is considered that there are no reasonably possible changes in these key assumptions that would, in
                                                                 isolation, result in the estimated recoverable amount being equal to the carrying amount. The valuation
                                                                 applied a post-tax real discount rate of 7.0 per cent.
                                                                 Key judgements and estimates that have been applied in the FVLCD valuation are disclosed further
                                                                 below.
           
                                                                                          F-35
               Key judgements and estimates
               Judgements: Assessment of indicators of impairment or impairment reversal and the determination of CGUs for impairment purposes require
               significant management judgement.

               Indicators of impairment may include changes in the Group’s operating and economic assumptions, including those arising from changes in
               reserves or mine planning, updates to the Group’s commodity supply, demand and price forecasts, or the possible additional impacts from emerging
               risks including those related to climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy.


               Climate change
               The Group’s impairment assessments may be impacted by climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy. Further detail is provided in
               note 16 ‘Climate change’.

               Estimates: The Group performs a recoverable amount determination for an asset or CGU when there is an indication of impairment or impairment
               reversal.

               When the recoverable amount is measured by reference to FVLCD, in the absence of quoted market prices or binding sale agreement, estimates are
               made regarding the present value of future post-tax cash flows. These estimates are made from the perspective of a market participant and include
               prices, future production volumes, operating costs, capital expenditure, closure and rehabilitation costs, taxes, risking factors applied to cash flows
               and discount rates. The cash flow forecasts may include net cash flows expected from the extraction, processing and sale of material that does not
               currently qualify for inclusion in reserves. Reserves and resources are included in the assessment of FVLCD to the extent that it is considered
               probable that a market participant would attribute value to them.

               When recoverable amount is measured using VIU, estimates are made regarding the present value of future cash flows based on internal budgets
               and forecasts and life of asset plans. Key estimates are similar to those identified for FVLCD, although some assumptions and values may differ as
               they reflect the perspective of management rather than a market participant.

               All estimates require judgements and assumptions and are subject to risk and uncertainty that may be beyond the control of the Group; hence, there




For personal use only
               is a possibility that changes in circumstances will materially alter projections, which may impact the recoverable amount of an asset or CGU at each
               reporting date. With the exception of the Western Australia Nickel CGU impairment mentioned above, no indicators of impairment, or impairment
               reversal, were identified across the Group’s remaining CGUs at 30 June 2024.

               The significant estimates impacting the Group’s recoverable amount determinations are:


               Commodity prices
               Commodity prices were based on latest internal forecasts which assume short-term market prices will revert to the Group’s assessment of long-term
               price. These price forecasts reflect management’s long-term views of global supply and demand, built upon past experience of the commodity
               markets and are benchmarked with external sources of information such as analyst forecasts. Prices are adjusted based upon premiums or discounts
               applied to global price markers to reflect the location, nature and quality of the Group’s production, or to take into account contracted prices.


               Future production volumes
               Estimated production volumes were based on detailed data and took into account development plans established by management as part of the
               Group’s long-term planning process. When estimating FVLCD, assumptions reflect all reserves and resources that a market participant would
               consider when valuing the respective CGU, which in some cases are broader in scope than the reserves that would be used in a VIU test. In
               determining FVLCD, risk factors may be applied to reserves and resources which do not meet the criteria to be treated as proved.


               Cash outflows (including operating costs, capital expenditure, closure and rehabilitation costs and taxes)
               Cash outflows are based on internal budgets and forecasts and life of asset plans. Cost assumptions reflect management experience and
               expectations. Tax assumptions reflect existing and substantively enacted tax and royalty regimes and rates applicable in the jurisdiction of the CGU.
               In the case of FVLCD, cash flow projections include the anticipated cash flow effects of any capital expenditure to enhance production or reduce
               cost where a market participant may take a consistent view. VIU does not take into account future development.


               Discount rates
               The Group uses real post-tax discount rates applied to real post-tax cash flows. The discount rates are derived using the weighted average cost of
               capital methodology. Adjustments to the rates are made for any risks that are not reflected in the underlying cash flows, including country risk.
           
                                                                                         F-36
           14           Deferred tax balances
           The movement for the year in the Group’s net deferred tax position is as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                                  2024      2023      2022
                                                                                                                                                  US$M      US$M      US$M
           Net deferred tax (liability)/asset
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                 (4,243)   (3,007)   (1,402)
           Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations1                                                                                                 –      (867)        –
           Income tax credit/(charge) recorded in the income statement2,3,4                                                                          988      (387)     (125)
           Income tax (charge)/credit recorded directly in equity                                                                                     (6)        6       (42)
           Divestment of subsidiaries and operations5                                                                                                 (3)        –    (1,439)
           Other movements                                                                                                                            (1)       12         1
           At the end of the financial year                                                                                                       (3,265)   (4,243)   (3,007)
           
           1            Relates to the acquisition of OZL on 2 May 2023. Refer to note 29 ‘Business combinations’ for more information.
           
           2            Includes US$1,125 million income tax credit in the year ended 30 June 2024 as a result of an impairment of Western Australia Nickel Assets.
           
           3            Includes US$(283) million revaluation of deferred tax balances in the year ended 30 June 2023, following the substantive enactment of the
                        Chilean Royalty Bill. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for more information.
           
           4            Includes Discontinued operations income tax charge to the income statement in 2022 of US$(61) million.
           
           5            Relates to the divestment of BMC and merger of Petroleum with Woodside in 2022. Refer to notes 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and 28 ‘Discontinued
                        operations’ for more information.

           For recognition and measurement refer to note 6 ‘Income tax expense’.




For personal use only
           The composition of the Group’s net deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised in the balance sheet and the deferred tax expense (credited)/charged to
           the income statement is as follows:
           
                                                                                                           Deferred tax         Deferred tax       (Credited)/charged to
                                                                                                              assets             liabilities       the income statement
                                                                                                           2024    2023        2024       2023    2024     2023     2022
                                                                                                          US$M US$M           US$M US$M           US$M US$M US$M
           Type of temporary difference
           Depreciation1                                                                                    (756)     (629)    5,221     6,259      (894)      452       554
           Exploration expenditure                                                                            14        11         –        (1)       (2)       (2)       13
           Employee benefits                                                                                  23        27      (407)     (425)        6       (94)       20
           Closure and rehabilitation                                                                        155       143    (1,770)   (1,753)      (29)     (296)       24
           Resource rent tax                                                                                   –         –         –         –         –         –      (129)
           Other provisions                                                                                   55        64      (196)     (210)       23         4        49
           Deferred income                                                                                     –        14       (23)        –        (9)       37       (31)
           Deferred charges                                                                                  (55)      (82)      522       644      (148)       85         7
           Investments, including foreign tax credits                                                        274       225       411       370        (6)      (54)     (298)
           Foreign exchange gains and losses                                                                  (9)      (14)       80       190      (115)       42        33
           Tax losses                                                                                        364       276       (84)     (214)       40        37        28
           Lease liability1                                                                                    9        18      (730)     (767)       45       (83)      (10)
           Other                                                                                              (7)        3       308       206       101       259      (135)
           Total                                                                                              67        56     3,332     4,299      (988)      387       125
           
           1            Includes deferred tax associated with the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on adoption of IFRS 16. Refer to note 22 ‘Leases’.

           The composition of the Group’s unrecognised deferred tax assets and liabilities is as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                                            2024      2023
                                                                                                                                                            US$M      US$M
           Unrecognised deferred tax assets
           Tax losses and tax credits1                                                                                                                       9,126     8,572
           Investments in subsidiaries2                                                                                                                      1,533     1,661
           Mineral rights3                                                                                                                                   3,216     3,287
           Other deductible temporary differences4                                                                                                           1,978     1,912
           Total unrecognised deferred tax assets                                                                                                           15,853    15,432
           Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities
           Investments in subsidiaries2                                                                                                                       2,307     2,179
           Total unrecognised deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                        2,307     2,179
           
                                                                                             F-37
           
           1            At 30 June 2024, the Group had income and capital tax losses with a tax benefit of US$5,589 million (2023: US$5,709 million) and tax credits of
                        US$3,537 million (2023: US$2,863 million), which are not recognised as deferred tax assets, because it is not probable that future taxable profits
                        or capital gains will be available against which the Group can utilise the benefits.

                        The gross amount of tax losses carried forward that have not been recognised is as follows:
           
                        Year of expiry                                                                                                                       2024      2023
                                                                                                                                                             US$M      US$M
                        Income tax losses
                        Not later than one year                                                                                                                   28       22
                        Later than one year and not later than two years                                                                                          10        5
                        Later than two years and not later than five years                                                                                        43       47
                        Later than five years and not later than 10 years                                                                                        652      549
                        Later than 10 years and not later than 20 years                                                                                        1,003    1,317
                        Unlimited                                                                                                                              5,620    4,889
                                                                                                                                                               7,356    6,829
                        Capital tax losses
                        Not later than one year                                                                                                                   –         –
                        Later than two years and not later than five years                                                                                        –         –
                        Unlimited                                                                                                                            13,494    13,870
                        Gross amount of tax losses not recognised                                                                                            20,850    20,699
                        Tax effect of total losses not recognised                                                                                             5,589     5,709
           
                        Of the US$3,537 million of tax credits, US$2,792 million expires not later than 10 years (2023: US$2,405 million) and US$745 million expires
                        later than 10 years and not later than 20 years (2023: US$458 million).
           
           2            The Group has deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities associated with undistributed earnings of subsidiaries that have not been recognised




For personal use only
                        because the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is not probable that these differences will reverse
                        in the foreseeable future. Where the Group has undistributed earnings held by associates and joint interests, the deferred tax liability will be
                        recognised as there is no ability to control the timing of the potential distributions.
           
           3            The Group has deductible temporary differences relating to mineral rights for which deferred tax assets have not been recognised because it is not
                        probable that future capital gains will be available against which the Group can utilise the benefits. The deductible temporary differences do not
                        expire under current tax legislation.
           
           4            The Group has other deductible temporary differences for which deferred tax assets have not been recognised because it is not probable that future
                        taxable profits will be available against which the Group can utilise the benefits. The deductible temporary differences do not expire under current
                        tax legislation.
           
                                                                                              F-38
           15           Closure and rehabilitation provisions
           
                                                                                                                                                           2024     2023
                                                                                                                                                          US$M      US$M
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                          9,887     8,689
           Capitalised amounts for operating sites:
                Change in estimate                                                                                                                          463       510
                Exchange translation                                                                                                                        (58)      (50)
           Adjustments charged/(credited) to the income statement:
                Change in estimate                                                                                                                            85       12
                Exchange translation                                                                                                                         (47)      (8)
           Other adjustments to the provision:
                Amortisation of discounting impacting net finance costs                                                                                      556      839
                Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations1                                                                                                    –      168
                Divestment of subsidiaries and operations2                                                                                                  (652)       –
                Expenditure on closure and rehabilitation activities                                                                                        (395)    (273)
                Other movements                                                                                                                               (2)       –
           At the end of the financial year                                                                                                                9,837    9,887
           Comprising:
                Current                                                                                                                                      610      520
                Non-current                                                                                                                                9,227    9,367
                Operating sites                                                                                                                            6,349    7,366
                Closed sites                                                                                                                               3,488    2,521
           
           1            Relates to the acquisition of OZL on 2 May 2023. Refer to note 29 ‘Business combinations’ for more information.
           2            Relates to the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines completed on 2 April 2024. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for more
                        information.




For personal use only
           Profile of closure and rehabilitation cash flows
           The table below indicates the estimated profile of the Group’s closure and rehabilitation provisions. The profile reflects the undiscounted forecast cash
           flows that underpin the provisions. In some instances, the Group has an obligation to rehabilitate and maintain a closed site for an indefinite period. For
           the purpose of this analysis, the cashflow period has been restricted to 100 years.
           
                                                                                                                                                              2024 2023
          Proportion of the Group’s undiscounted forecast cashflows                                                                                            %    %
          In one year or less                                                                                                                                    3    3
          In more than one year but not more than two years                                                                                                      3    4
          In more than two years but not more than five years                                                                                                    8    8
          In more than five years but not more than ten years                                                                                                   15   14
          In more than ten years                                                                                                                                71   71
          Total                                                                                                                                                100 100

           The Group is required to close and rehabilitate sites and associated facilities at the end of or, in some cases, during the course of production to a
           condition acceptable to the relevant authorities, as specified in licence requirements and the Group’s closure performance requirements.

           The key components of closure and rehabilitation activities are:
           
           •            the removal of all unwanted infrastructure associated with an operation
           
           •            the return of disturbed areas to a safe, stable and self-sustaining condition, consistent with the agreed post-closure land use


           Recognition and measurement
           Provisions for closure and rehabilitation are recognised by the Group when:
           
           •            it has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events
           
           •            it is more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation
           
           •            the amount can be reliably estimated
           
                                                                                                F-39
           Initial recognition and measurement                                                 Subsequent measurement
           Closure and rehabilitation provisions are initially recognised when an              The closure and rehabilitation asset, recognised within property, plant
           environmental disturbance first occurs. The individual site provisions are an       and equipment, is depreciated over the life of the operations. The value
           estimate of the expected value of future cash flows required to close the           of the provision is progressively increased over time as the effect of
           relevant site using current standards and techniques and taking into account        discounting unwinds, resulting in an expense recognised in net finance
           risks and uncertainties. Individual site provisions are discounted to their         costs.
           present value using currency specific discount rates aligned to the estimated
                                                                                               The closure and rehabilitation provision is reviewed at each reporting
           timing of cash outflows.
                                                                                               date to assess if the estimate continues to reflect the best estimate of the
           When provisions for closure and rehabilitation are initially recognised, the        obligation. If necessary, the provision is remeasured to account for
           corresponding cost is capitalised as an asset, representing part of the cost of     factors such as:
           acquiring the future economic benefits of the operation.
                                                                                               •    additional disturbance during the period
                                                                                               •    revisions to estimated reserves, resources and lives of operations
                                                                                                    including any changes to expected operating lives arising from the
                                                                                                    Group’s latest assessment of the potential impacts of climate change
                                                                                                    and the transition to a low-carbon economy
                                                                                               •    developments in technology
                                                                                               •    changes to regulatory requirements and environmental management
                                                                                                    strategies
                                                                                               •    changes in the estimated extent and costs of anticipated activities,
                                                                                                    including the effects of inflation and movements in foreign
                                                                                                    exchange rates
                                                                                               •    movements in interest rates affecting the discount rate applied
                                                                                               Changes to the closure and rehabilitation estimate for operating sites are
                                                                                               added to, or deducted from, the related asset and amortised on a




For personal use only
                                                                                               prospective basis over the remaining life of the operation, generally
                                                                                               applying the units of production method.
                                                                                               Costs arising from unforeseen circumstances, such as the contamination
                                                                                               caused by unplanned discharges, are recognised as an expense and
                                                                                               liability when the event gives rise to an obligation that is probable and
                                                                                               capable of reliable estimation.
           
                                                                                        F-40
           Closed sites
           Where future economic benefits are no longer expected to be derived through operation, changes to the associated closure and remediation costs are
           charged to the income statement in the period identified. This amounted to US$38 million in the year ended 30 June 2024 (2023: US$4 million; 2022:
           US$74 million).
           

               Key estimates
               Closure cost estimates are generally based on conceptual level studies early in the operating life of an asset with more detailed studies and planning
               performed as closure risks (including those related to climate change) are identified and/or as an asset, or parts thereof, near closure. As such, the
               recognition and measurement of closure and rehabilitation provisions requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not
               limited to:
           
               •        the extent (due to legal or constructive obligations) of potential activities required for the removal of infrastructure, decharacterisation of tailings
                        storage facilities and rehabilitation activities
           
               •        costs associated with future closure activities
           
               •        the extent and period of post-closure monitoring and maintenance, including water management
           
               •        applicable discount rates
           
               •        the timing of cash flows and ultimate closure of operations

               The extent, cost and timing of future closure activities may also be impacted by the potential physical impacts of climate change and the transition to a
               low-carbon economy. Further detail is provided in note 16 ‘Climate change’.

               Estimates for post-closure monitoring and maintenance reflect the Group’s strategies for individual sites, which may include possible relinquishment.
               The period of monitoring and maintenance included in the provision requires judgement and considers regulatory and licencing requirements, the
               outcomes of studies and management’s current assessment of stakeholder expectations.

               While progressive closure is performed across a number of operations, significant activities are generally undertaken at the end of the production life at




For personal use only
               the individual sites, the estimated timing of which is informed by the Group’s current assumptions relating to demand for commodities and carbon
               pricing, and their impact on the Group’s long-term price forecasts.

               Approximately 52 per cent (2023: 51 per cent) of the Group’s total undiscounted forecast cashflows are expected to be incurred after more than 30
               years, reflecting the long-lived nature of many of the Group’s operations which have remaining production lives ranging from 5-87 years (2023: 1-103
               years). The discount rates applied to the Group’s closure and rehabilitation provisions are determined by reference to the currency of the closure cash
               flows, the period over which the cash flows will be incurred and prevailing market interest rates (where available). The discount rates applied to the
               Group’s closure and rehabilitation provisions were revised during the year to reflect increases in market interest rates. The effect of changes to discount
               rates was a decrease of approximatively US$336 million in the closure and rehabilitation provision of which US$167 million in respect of closed sites
               was recognised in the income statement.

               While the closure and rehabilitation provisions reflect management’s best estimates based on current knowledge and information, further studies, trials
               and detailed analysis of relevant knowledge and resultant closure activities for individual assets continue to be performed throughout the life of asset.
               Such studies and analysis can impact the estimated costs of closure activities. Estimates can also be impacted by the emergence of new closure and
               rehabilitation techniques, changes in regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations for closure (including costs associated with equitable
               transition), development of new technologies, risks relating to climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy, and experience at other
               operations. These uncertainties may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided for in the balance sheet.


               Sensitivity
               A 0.5 per cent increase in the discount rates applied at 30 June 2024 would result in a decrease to the closure and rehabilitation provision of
               approximately US$665 million, a decrease in property, plant and equipment of approximately US$457 million in relation to operating sites and an
               income statement credit of approximately US$208 million in respect of closed sites. In addition, the change would result in a decrease of
               approximately US$23 million to depreciation expense and a US$21 million increment in net finance costs due to unwind of discount for the year
               ending 30 June 2025.

               Given the long-lived nature of the majority of the Group’s assets, the majority of final closure activities are generally not expected to occur for a
               significant period of time.

               However, a one-year acceleration in forecast cash flows of the Group’s closure and rehabilitation provisions, in isolation, would result in an increase to
               the provision of approximately US$231 million, an increase in property, plant and equipment of US$148 million in relation to operating sites and an
               income statement charge of US$83 million in respect of closed sites.
           
                                                                                             F-41
           16           Climate change
           The Group recognises that warming of the climate is unequivocal, the human influence is clear and physical impacts are unavoidable. Identifying,
           monitoring and assessing the actual and potential impacts of climate change is complex and the Group continues to develop its assessment of the actual
           and potential financial impacts of climate-related risks (threats and opportunities), including the transition to a net zero economy and physical risk
           impacts.

           The Group’s current climate change strategy focuses on:
           
           •            building a portfolio to support the megatrends shaping our world, including future-facing commodities (copper, nickel and potash) and
                        steelmaking materials (iron ore and steelmaking coal)
           
           •            reducing operational (Scopes 1 and 2 from operated assets) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
           
           •            investing in low to zero GHG emissions technologies
           
           •            supporting Scope 3 GHG emissions reductions in the Group’s value chain and promoting product stewardship
           
           •            managing climate-related risks
           
           •            working with others to enhance the global policy and market response

           Areas of these Financial Statements that may be impacted in connection with this strategy throughout the value creation and delivery cycle of the
           Group’s operations, include:
           
           Phase                                                         Areas of potential Financial Statement impact
           Exploration and acquisition                                   •   Financial impact of portfolio decisions
           Development and mining /                                      •   Impact of transition risks on asset carrying values
           Process and logistics                                         •   Physical climate-related risks and asset carrying values
                                                                         •   Application of carbon pricing assumptions and acquisition of carbon credits




For personal use only
                                                                         •   Useful economic lives of property, plant and equipment
                                                                         •   Expenditure on operational (Scopes 1 and 2 from operated assets) decarbonisation
           Sales, marketing and procurement                              •   Expenditure to support value chain (Scope 3) decarbonisation
           Closure and rehabilitation                                    •   Timing, scope and expected cost of closure and rehabilitation activities

           At the date of issue of these Financial Statements, indicators show the appropriate measures are not in place globally to drive decarbonisation at the pace
           or scale required to achieve the aim of the Paris Agreement to limit the global average temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. The
           significant judgements and key estimates used in the preparation of these Financial Statements reflect the Group’s current planning range (which implies
           a projected global average temperature increase of approximately 2°C by CY2100), as described below.

           While not the basis of preparation of these Financial Statements, the Group continues to perform sensitivity analysis under the Group’s 1.5°C scenario to
           consider potential Financial Statement impacts of commodity and carbon prices in a rapidly decarbonising world. The Group’s 1.5°C scenario is not a
           forecast of what is likely to occur.

           Future changes to the Group’s climate change strategy or global decarbonisation trends may impact the Group’s significant judgements and key
           estimates, and result in material changes to financial results, cash flows and the carrying values of certain assets and liabilities in future reporting
           periods.


           Financial impact of portfolio decisions
           Over recent years, the Group has repositioned its portfolio towards commodities that can help enable and support the megatrends of decarbonisation and
           electrification, urbanisation and population growth. Refer to note 2 ‘Revenue’, which presents current and prior year revenue by commodity. Key
           portfolio changes the Group has made in FY2024 include:
           
                         •     sanctioning of the Jansen Stage 2 potash investment (following approval of Jansen Stage 1 in FY2022)
           
                         •     further consolidation of the Group’s steelmaking coal portfolio to concentrate on the higher-quality (grade) coals (which enable
                               steelmakers to be more efficient and operate with a lower GHG emissions intensity) through the divestment of Blackwater and Daunia
                               mines from the BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA) (following the divestment of the Group’s interest in BHP Mitsui Coal in FY2022)

           In recent years, the Group also:
           
                         •     completed the acquisition of OZ Minerals in FY2023 to support the creation of a South Australia copper basin
           
                         •     completed the divestment of the Group’s Petroleum business through its merger with Woodside in FY2022
           
                         •     divested the Group’s interest in the Cerrejón non-operated energy coal joint venture in FY2022

           Also in FY2022, the Group announced that it would retain New South Wales Energy Coal (NSWEC) in its portfolio, seek the relevant approvals to
           continue mining beyond the current consent that expires at the end of FY2026 and proceed with a managed process to cease mining at the asset by the
           end of FY2030.

           Following impairments recognised in previous periods, the net carrying value of NSWEC at 30 June 2024 is approximately negative US$200 million
           comprising property, plant and equipment (PP&E) of approximately US$540 million and closure provisions and other liabilities of approximately
           US$740 million. As at 30 June 2024, the potential exposure to further impairment for NSWEC is limited to the book value of PP&E of US$540 million,
           with the forecast cash flows over the proposed operating period supporting the current carrying value. Further, the useful lives of NSWEC PP&E do not
           exceed the remaining proposed operating period.

           In July 2024, the Group announced that the Nickel West operations and West Musgrave project (Western Australia Nickel) would be temporarily
           suspended from October 2024. Refer to note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’ for further details.
           
                                                                                           F-42
           Impact of transition risks on asset carrying values
           Significant judgements and key estimates in relation to the preparation of these Financial Statements, including asset carrying values and impairment
           assessments, are impacted by the Group’s current assessment of the range of economic and climate-related conditions that could exist in the world’s
           transition to a net zero economy, considering the current trajectory of society and the global economy as a whole.

           For example, demand for the Group’s commodities may decrease due to policy, regulatory (including carbon pricing mechanisms), legal, technological,
           market or societal responses to climate change, resulting in a proportion of a cash generating unit’s (CGU) reserves becoming incapable of extraction in
           an economically viable fashion. Alternatively, technological or market developments increasing demand for commodities in the portfolio that help
           enable decarbonisation may have a positive impact on prices for those commodities.

           The Group has developed three unique planning cases which comprise the Group’s planning range: a ‘most likely’ base case, used as the basis for
           judgements and assumptions in these Financial Statements, and an upside case and downside case that provide the range’s boundaries. The three cases
           reflect proprietary forecasts for the global economy and associated sub-sectors (i.e. energy, transport, agriculture and steel) and the resulting market
           outlook for the Group’s core commodities.

           Given the complexity and inherent uncertainty of long run forecasting, these pathways are reviewed periodically to reflect new information, with a
           process in place to assess the need to update internal long-term price outlooks for developments in the periods between pathway updates.

           The Group reflects the planning range and associated price outlooks in the internal valuations used as the basis for the Group’s impairment assessments.

           The discount rate used in the internal valuations reflects a real post-tax weighted average cost of capital (WACC), including country and state risk
           premia where appropriate, and ranges from 7.0 per cent to 9.5 per cent across the Group (2023: 7.0 per cent to 9.5 per cent). Cash flow forecasts used as
           the basis for impairment testing include asset specific risks, including climate-related risks such as operational interruptions as a result of physical
           climate-related risks, and therefore the Group does not include a separate climate-related risk adjustment in the Group’s WACC.

           Further detail on the Group’s significant judgements and estimates that inform the planning range and FY2024 impairment assessments, is included in
           note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’.




For personal use only
           In addition to the planning range, and as described below in ‘Paris Agreement and 1.5°C scenarios’, the Group uses its 1.5°C scenario, which implies a
           global average temperature increase of 1.5°C by CY2100, to test resilience of the Group’s portfolio in a rapidly decarbonising world.


           Physical climate-related risks and asset carrying values
           The Group’s operations are exposed to physical climate-related risks. In FY2024, the Group continued to progress studies of physical climate-related
           risks to better understand the potential impacts on safety, productivity and cost, with the work to continue in FY2025.

           The studies consider potential impacts of acute and chronic risks from material climate hazards, which differ based on an operated asset’s geographic
           region, asset infrastructure and operational processes. The studies are ongoing and therefore the Group’s consideration of physical climate-related risks,
           including factors such as potential operational interruptions caused by extreme weather events, therefore includes only the Group’s current best
           estimates of related potential financial impacts.

           Given the complexity of physical climate-related risk modelling and the status of the Group’s ongoing physical risk assessment process, the
           identification of additional risks and/or the detailed development of the Group’s response may result in material changes to financial results and the
           carrying values of assets and liabilities in future reporting periods.


           Application of carbon pricing assumptions and acquisition of carbon credits
           The Group’s carbon credits and offsetting strategy is managed at the Group level. However, investment decisions and asset valuations used for the
           purposes of impairment testing consider carbon price assumptions in relevant regions by applying a carbon price to estimated unmitigated Scopes 1 and
           2 GHG emissions over the life of the respective operation.

           In determining the Group’s strategy and carbon price forecast, factors including a country’s current and announced climate policies, targets and societal
           factors, such as public acceptance and demographics, are considered. As at the date of these Financial Statements, the carbon price used in asset
           valuations reflects the following ranges:
           
                                                                                                                 FY2030         FY2030         FY2050        FY2050
           US$ real (July 2024) per tCO2-e                                                                        Low            High           Low           High
           Australia                                                                                                 28             83            166           248
           Brazil                                                                                                     6             55            138           221
           Chile                                                                                                      9             44            166           248
           Canada                                                                                                    71            110            221           248
           Key customer countries1                                                                                    1            193             28           276

           The Group currently acquires carbon credits primarily for regulatory purposes. The Group’s plan is to achieve its FY2030 operational (Scopes 1 and 2
           from operated assets) GHG emissions target through structural abatement, but if there is an unanticipated shortfall in the pathway to achieve the target,
           there may be a need to surrender voluntary carbon credits to close the performance gap. The Group will not use regulatory carbon credits when
           determining whether it has achieved its FY2030 target. The Group may also sell carbon credits, depending on internal use requirements, or originate
           carbon credits through project development or direct investment.
           
           1       Maximum low and high values found across China, India, European Union, United States, Japan, Korea, Indonesia, South Africa, Other Latin and
                   Central America and Other Asia.
           
                                                                                       F-43
           Acquired carbon credits are recognised as an asset initially at cost and are subsequently subject to impairment and/or net realisable value assessments.
           Classification of the asset reflects the intended manner of use:
           
           •            Inventory – where the intended use is uncertain or the carbon credit is available for trading purposes (either separately or ‘bundled’ with sale of a
                        commodity); or
           
           •            Intangible asset – held for regulatory or voluntary surrender

           Obligations arising from greenhouse gas emission schemes, such as the Australian Safeguard Mechanism (which requires its largest industrial facilities
           to surrender eligible carbon credits when their Scope 1 GHG emissions exceed a progressively declining legislated limit, known as the baseline) are
           recognised as a liability at the reporting date when the Group has an obligation.

           During FY2024, the Group surrendered approximately US$1 million in carbon credits (~47,000 tCO2-e) to satisfy Australian assets’ FY2023 Safeguard
           Mechanism obligations. There were no voluntary surrenders.

           As at 30 June 2024, the Group recognised:
           
           •            Approximately US$23 million in carbon credits within intangible assets (with no carbon credits classified as inventory).
           
           •            An obligation of US$17 million, representing the FY2024 requirement to surrender eligible carbon credits under the Safeguard Mechanism. The
                        Group intends to satisfy this liability through the surrender of carbon credits in FY2025.


           Useful economic lives of property, plant and equipment
           The determination of useful lives of the Group’s PP&E requires judgement, including consideration of the Group’s climate change strategy, targets and
           goals, decarbonisation plans and the possible impact of transition risks on demand for the Group’s commodities.

           Useful lives are reviewed each reporting period, including to ensure they do not exceed the remaining expected operating life of the operation in which
           they are utilised. The remaining lives of the Group’s operations reflect the Group’s planning range and its underlying climate-related assumptions.




For personal use only
           A key component of the Group’s operational decarbonisation strategy is the displacement of diesel within the Group’s operations, particularly the haul
           truck fleet. The Group is supporting the development of new equipment by original equipment manufacturers, including entering into partnerships
           focused on the development and trialling of electric locomotives and haul trucks.

           While technical and commercial development of the technology needed is progressing, the Group’s operational plans generally assume replacement of
           haul trucks, and other diesel powered equipment, at the end of their useful lives in line with the Group’s regular fleet renewal programs. For example, a
           significant proportion of the Group’s existing WAIO mining fleet is due for replacement prior to the expected availability of battery electric vehicle
           solutions. As such, the Group’s decarbonisation plans have not had a material impact on the estimated remaining useful lives of the Group’s existing
           fleet of assets in FY2024.


           Expenditure on operational (Scopes 1 and 2 from operated assets) decarbonisation
           The Group set a medium-term target to reduce its operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 from operated assets) by at least 30 per cent from the
           Group’s FY2020 baseline levels by FY2030 and a long-term goal to achieve net zero operational GHG emissions by CY2050. The FY2020 baseline for
           the medium-term target and subsequent performance is adjusted for acquisitions, divestments and methodology changes.

           While the Group’s operational GHG emissions increased in FY2024, compared to FY2023, largely as emissions from organic growth exceeded
           reductions from decarbonisation activities, the Group remains on track to meet its FY2030 target. Operational decarbonisation activities during FY2024
           continued to focus on transitioning the Group’s electricity supply to renewable sources and continuing to progress projects in relation to displacement of
           diesel. Expenditure in relation to diesel displacement and fugitive methane is expected to increase towards the second half of the decade, with capital
           expenditure in these areas not material in FY2024.

           A significant proportion of the Group’s renewable electricity is currently sourced through power purchase agreements and judgement is required in
           determining the appropriate accounting treatment of such arrangements. Depending on the specific terms and conditions, power purchase agreements
           may be recognised as an expense when incurred, a financial derivative or a lease liability, with an associated right of use asset.
           In addition to operational expenditure on renewable energy, the Group recognised the following in relation to power purchase agreements at 30 June
           2024:
           

           •            US$44 million of lease liabilities, with associated right of use assets (2023: US$ nil)
           

           •            financial derivatives with a fair value of approximately US$92 million (2023: US$50 million)
           Estimated future cash flows for the Group’s assets include amounts associated with projects aimed at contributing to the achievement of the Group’s
           medium-term target and long-term goal. These cash flow estimates form the basis of the Group’s impairment assessments as outlined in further detail in
           note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’.
           
                                                                                              F-44
           The Group estimates up to US$4 billion (nominal terms) in spend and commitments over the decade to FY2030 to execute the Group’s operational
           decarbonisation plans. This amount incorporates capital expenditure and lease commitments that were previously expected to be classified as capital
           expenditure and reflects the incremental cost to facilitate the Group’s reduction in operational GHG emissions (e.g. the additional cost of buying or
           leasing an electric truck versus the diesel combustion truck it would replace).
           Many of the projects planned to commence before FY2030 are likely to extend beyond the Group’s medium-term target period and are expected to make
           a substantial contribution towards the Group’s long-term goal of net zero operational GHG emissions by CY2050. Significant expenditure on fleet
           renewal at certain assets, for example Olympic Dam, is expected to occur after FY2030.
           As the Group’s climate response is further integrated into business-as-usual planning, the spending on climate initiatives is expected to increasingly
           form part of ordinary course business expenditures.
           Any change to the Group’s climate change strategy and future cash flows could impact the expected level of expenditure on operational decarbonisation
           and the associated Financial Statement significant judgements and key estimates.

           Expenditure to support value chain (Scope 3) decarbonisation
           The Group continues to invest, including through partnership with others, in potential GHG emissions reduction opportunities in its value chain through
           technology innovation and development to support GHG emissions reductions by steelmaking customers and in the maritime industry.
           However, while the Group seeks to influence reduction opportunities, Scope 3 emissions occur outside of the Group’s direct control. Reduction
           pathways are dependent on the development, and upstream or downstream deployment of, solutions and/or supportive policy and improvements in
           Scope 3 emissions measurement. Where possible, the financial impact of the Group’s activities in support of the development of Scope 3 emissions
           reduction pathways is reflected in these Financial Statements. In FY2024, this included expenditure of approximately US$30 million to support
           collaborative partnerships, consortiums, research and development and BHP Ventures investments.
           Given the inherent uncertainty in future technology and policy advancements, it is not currently possible to reliably estimate or measure the full
           potential Financial Statement impacts of the Group’s pursuit of its Scope 3 goals and targets.

           Timing, scope and expected cost of closure and rehabilitation activities
           The extent, timing and cost of the Group’s future closure activities may be impacted by potential physical and transition climate-related impacts. In




For personal use only
           estimating the potential cost of closure activities, the Group considers factors such as long-term weather outlooks, for example forecast changes in
           rainfall patterns. Closure cost estimates also consider the impact of the Group’s climate change strategy on the costs and timing of performing closure
           activities and the impact of new technology where appropriately developed and tested. For example, closure cost estimates largely continue to reflect the
           use of existing fuel sources for the Group’s equipment while the Group continues to invest in the development of alternative fuel sources and fleet
           electrification.
           The estimated cost of closure activities includes management’s current best estimate in relation to post-closure monitoring and maintenance, which may
           be required for significant periods beyond the completion of other closure activities and is therefore exposed to potential long-term climate-related
           impacts. While reflecting management’s current best estimate, the cost of post-closure monitoring and maintenance may change in future reporting
           periods as the understanding of, and potential long-term impacts from a changing climate continue to evolve.
           Given the long-lived nature of the majority of the Group’s assets, the majority of final closure activities are not expected to occur for a significant period
           of time. However:
           

           •            Acknowledging the wide range of potential energy transition impacts for steelmaking coal demand and the impact of any significant changes in
                        demand on mine lives, for illustrative purposes only, a one-year change in the mine life of the Group’s steelmaking coal assets would, in isolation,
                        change the closure and rehabilitation provisions for those assets by approximately US$40 million.
           

           •            The Group announced in FY2022 the planned closure of NSWEC by FY2030. As such, while the provision is subject to estimation and
                        assumptions, the timing of closure is no longer considered materially susceptible to potential long-term climate-related transition risks.
           Further, while the Group is evaluating the approach to the closure of NSWEC and potential expenditure relating to an equitable change and transition for
           its workforce, the Group continues to engage with its employees and the community to understand and develop the most appropriate transition plan. As
           the Group’s approach is currently under development with impacted parties, it is not yet supported by a detailed, formal plan or commitment and
           therefore no provision relating to equitable change and transition costs can be recognised as at 30 June 2024.
           More detail on the key judgements and estimates impacting the Group’s closure and rehabilitation provisions is presented in note 15 ‘Closure and
           rehabilitation provisions’.


           Paris Agreement and 1.5°C scenarios
           The Group acknowledges that there are a range of energy transition scenarios, including those that are aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement,
           that may indicate different outcomes for individual commodities. As noted, indicators show the appropriate measures are not in place globally to drive
           decarbonisation pathways at a pace or scale required to limit the global average temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels (particularly in
           hard-to-abate sectors, like steelmaking). However, to the extent governments, institutions, companies, and society increasingly focus on addressing
           climate change, the potential for a non-linear and/or more rapid transition trajectory increases.

           Accordingly, in addition to the Group’s planning range, which implies a projected global average temperature increase of around 2°C by CY2100, the
           Group utilises a range of scenarios, including a 1.5°C scenario, when testing the resilience of its portfolio and major investment decisions. In FY2024,
           the Group developed a new 1.5°C scenario, which does not currently inform the Group’s planning range and intentionally uses aggressive assumptions
           around political, technological and behavioural change, particularly for hard-to-abate sectors, such as steelmaking. It is designed to specifically test the
           Group’s current portfolio following changes to its portfolio since the Group’s previous 1.5°C scenario published in the BHP Climate Change Report
           2020.
           
                                                                                             F-45
           The Group’s 1.5°C scenario is not a forecast of what is likely to occur and represents one of many hypothetical pathways for the future based on
           different assumptions relating to world-wide economies, including global energy systems. While the Group does not currently see a 1.5°C outcome as
           likely, a 1.5°C scenario is utilised to inform the Group’s understanding of the potential impacts of an acceleration in global decarbonisation. All 1.5°C
           scenarios require steep global annual GHG emission reductions, sustained for decades, to stay within a 1.5°C carbon budget (i.e. the total net amount of
           GHG emissions that can be emitted worldwide to limit global average temperature increase to 1.5°C by CY2100).

           The Group continues to monitor global decarbonisation signposts and updates its planning range, associated price outlooks and cost of carbon
           assumptions. If such signposts indicate the appropriate measures are in place for achievement of a 1.5ºC outcome, this will be reflected in the Group’s
           planning range.


           Capital allocation
           The Group includes a 1.5°C scenario sensitivity in capital allocation processes, which compares the demand outlook for the Group’s products in the
           planning range to that of a rapidly decarbonising global economy, should that eventuate.

           Consideration of the Group’s 1.5°C scenario in the capital allocation process is intended to test resilience of the Group’s portfolio and mitigate the risk
           of stranded assets, and associated impairments, should global measures to achieve a 1.5°C outcome be adopted.


           Demand for the Group’s commodities
           The Group acknowledges that there are a range of possible energy transition scenarios, including those that are aligned with the aims of the Paris
           Agreement, that may indicate different outcomes for individual commodities. The Group examines the resilience of its portfolio to a 1.5°C scenario (the
           Group’s 1.5°C scenario) by considering the impact of the commodity and carbon prices under that scenario using the Group’s latest operating plans.

           There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which, if any, of the range of scenarios the Group utilises might
           eventuate and none of the scenarios considered constitutes a definitive outcome for the Group. The Group’s 1.5°C scenario has a distinct impact on each
           of its commodities with current trends impacting the degree of likelihood of future outcomes aligning with different elements of the scenario. However,
           based on current trends, it is considered unlikely that the Group’s 1.5°C scenario would occur.




For personal use only
           As the electrification megatrend is well underway, there is a higher likelihood of a positive impact to demand reflected in the Group’s 1.5°C scenario
           eventuating for commodities which stand to benefit from this megatrend, including copper, nickel and uranium.

           The Group’s 1.5°C pathway for potash is driven by increasing competition for land and the need for agricultural productivity.

           The long-term commodity prices for potash, copper, nickel and uranium under the Group’s 1.5°C scenario are favourable to or materially consistent with
           the price outlooks from the base case of the Group’s planning range. Price-only sensitivities using the prices derived from the Group’s 1.5°C scenario do
           not indicate an illustrative impairment for those commodities.

           However, the global steelmaking sector, like many hard-to-abate sectors, is not currently seeing the investment, policy settings or technological progress
           needed to align with the trajectory in the Group’s 1.5°C scenario. The Group’s 1.5°C scenario assumes an aggressive decarbonisation pathway for the
           steelmaking sector as a result of increased scrap collection, progression or acceleration of currently challenging, evolving or early-stage decarbonisation
           technologies and top-down government policies. The current signposts do not indicate progress in line with this trajectory.

           While GHG emissions intensity of steel production reduces significantly in the Group’s 1.5°C scenario, underlying demand for steel (including the
           proportion from ore-based steel production) remains strong. As such, the price derived from the Group’s 1.5°C scenario for iron ore remains materially
           aligned with the Group’s base case assumptions and does not indicate an illustrative impairment.

           The assumptions within the Group’s 1.5°C scenario result in a greater relative impact to steelmaking coal prices, compared to the base case assumptions.
           Under the Group’s base case assumptions within the planning range, headroom in excess of US$6 billion exists between the carrying value of the
           Group’s steelmaking coal assets and their estimated valuation. In a price-only sensitivity, using the prices derived from the Group’s 1.5°C scenario,
           while current headroom would reduce, no illustrative impairment of the Group’s steelmaking coal assets is indicated.

           In addition, to provide further analysis of the risk of potential impairment in a 1.5°C scenario, the Group has also performed a price-only sensitivity for
           steelmaking coal assets under a 1.5°C scenario published by Wood Mackenzie, a research and consultancy business for the global energy, power and
           renewables, subsurface, chemicals and metals and mining industries. This further analysis acknowledges the wide range of potential energy transition
           impacts for steelmaking coal.

           Under the Wood Mackenzie 1.5°C scenario, reflecting the prices outlined below, a price-only sensitivity would also reduce the current headroom on the
           Group’s steelmaking coal assets, but does not indicate an illustrative impairment.
           
                                                                                                                       CY2030 Price                     CY2050 Price
           Price source                                                                                              (real, US$/tonne)                (real, US$/tonne)
           Wood Mackenzie Net Zero (1.5°C) Scenario (June 2024)                                                              180                              143

           The Group considers that it is currently impracticable to fully assess all potential Financial Statement impacts in scenario analysis. Accordingly, these
           price-only sensitivities reflect different prices while assuming that all other factors in the asset valuations, such as production and sales volumes, capital
           and operating expenditures, carbon pricing and the discount rate, remain unchanged from those used in the Group’s FY2024 impairment assessments. As
           such, the sensitivities do not attempt to assess all potential impacts, including those on asset valuations, that may arise under a 1.5°C scenario and do not
           consider any actions the Group would take in respect of operating and investment plans to mitigate the cash flow and valuation impacts that may arise in
           a 1.5°C scenario.
           
                                                                                       F-46
           Capital structure

           17           Share capital
           
                                                                                                               BHP Group Limited                       BHP Group Plc
                                                                                                      2024           2023                 2022             2022
                                                                                                     shares         shares               shares           shares
           Share capital issued
           Opening number of shares                                                               5,065,820,556    5,062,323,190      2,945,851,394       2,112,071,796
           Issue of shares                                                                            5,710,261        3,497,366          4,400,000                   –
           Corporate structure unification1                                                                   –                –      2,112,071,796      (2,112,071,796)
           Purchase of shares by ESOP Trusts                                                         (5,687,667)      (6,442,571)        (8,704,669)            (63,567)
           Employee share awards exercised following vesting                                          5,841,767        6,081,843          8,522,684              77,748
           Movement in treasury shares under Employee Share Plans                                      (154,100)         360,728            181,985             (14,181)
           Closing number of shares                                                               5,071,530,817    5,065,820,556      5,062,323,190                   –
           Comprising:
              Shares held by the public                                                           5,070,273,143    5,064,408,782      5,061,272,144                    –
              Treasury shares                                                                         1,257,674        1,411,774          1,051,046                    –
           
           1            As a result of the corporate structure unification on 31 January 2022, 2,112,071,796 fully paid ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited were issued
                        to BHP Group Plc shareholders in a one for one exchange of their BHP Group Plc ordinary shares, resulting in BHP Group Limited becoming the
                        sole parent company of the Group with a single set of shareholders.

           In August 2023, BHP Group Limited issued 2,919,231 fully paid ordinary shares to the BHP Group Limited Employee Equity Trust and Solium Capital
           (Australia) Pty Ltd at A$43.52 per share (2023: 3,497,366 fully paid ordinary shares issued at A$40.51 per share; 2022: 4,400,000 fully paid ordinary
           shares issued at A$52.99 per share) and in March 2024, BHP Group Limited issued 2,791,030 fully paid ordinary shares to the BHP Group Limited




For personal use only
           Employee Equity Trust and Computershare Nominees CI Ltd at A$43.79 per share to satisfy the vesting of employee share awards and related dividend
           equivalent entitlements under those employee share plans.

           Share capital of BHP Group Limited at 30 June 2024 is composed of the following categories of shares:
           
           Ordinary shares fully paid                                                   Treasury shares
           Each fully paid ordinary share of BHP Group Limited carries the              Treasury shares are fully paid ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited that are
           right to one vote at a meeting of the Company.                               held by the ESOP Trusts for the purpose of issuing shares to employees under
                                                                                        the Group’s Employee Share Plans. Treasury shares are recognised at cost and
                                                                                        deducted from equity, net of any income tax effects. When the treasury shares
                                                                                        are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly
                                                                                        attributable costs and income tax effects, is recognised as an increase in equity.
                                                                                        Any difference between the carrying amount and the consideration, if reissued,
                                                                                        is recognised in retained earnings.
           
                                                                                           F-47
           18           Other equity
           
                                                        2024   2023    2022    Recognition and measurement
                                                       US$M US$M US$M
           Common control reserve                      (1,603) (1,603) (1,603) The common control reserve arose on unification of the Group’s corporate
                                                                               structure and represents the residual on consolidation between BHP Group
                                                                               Ltd’s investment in BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) and
                                                                               BHP Group Plc’s share capital, share premium and capital redemption reserve
                                                                               at the time of unification.
           Employee share awards reserve                  166     171     174 The employee share awards reserve represents the accrued employee
                                                                               entitlements to share awards that have been charged to the income statement
                                                                               and have not yet been exercised.
                                                                               Once exercised, the difference between the accumulated fair value of the
                                                                               awards and their historical on-market purchase price is recognised in retained
                                                                               earnings.
           Cash flow hedge reserve                         27      10      41 The cash flow hedge reserve represents hedging gains and losses recognised
                                                                               on the effective portion of cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or
                                                                               loss on the hedge is recognised in the income statement when the hedged
                                                                               transaction impacts the income statement, or is recognised as an adjustment to
                                                                               the cost of non-financial hedged items. The hedging reserve records the
                                                                               portion of the gain or loss on a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that is
                                                                               determined to be an effective hedge relationship.
           Cost of hedging reserve                         (7)     (1)    (19) The cost of hedging reserve represents the recognition of certain costs of
                                                                               hedging for example, basis adjustments, which have been excluded from the
                                                                               hedging relationship and deferred in other comprehensive income until the
                                                                               hedged transaction impacts the income statement.
           Foreign currency translation reserve           (14)    (14)    (14) The foreign currency translation reserve represents exchange differences
                                                                               arising from the translation of non-US dollar functional currency operations




For personal use only
                                                                               within the Group into US dollars.
           Equity investments reserve                     (21)      9      (8) The equity investment reserve represents the revaluation of investments in
                                                                               shares recognised through other comprehensive income. Where a revalued
                                                                               financial asset is sold, the relevant portion of the reserve is transferred to
                                                                               retained earnings.
           Non-controlling interest contribution        1,437   1,441   1,441 The non-controlling interest contribution reserve represents the excess of
             reserve                                                           consideration received over the book value of net assets attributable to equity
                                                                               instruments when acquired by non-controlling interests.
           Total reserves                                 (15)     13      12

           Summarised financial information relating to each of the Group’s subsidiaries with non-controlling interests (NCI) that are significant to the Group is
           shown below:
           
                                                                                                        2024                                     2023
                                                                                                         Other                                     Other
                                                                                       Minera         individually               Minera        individually
                                                                                      Escondida        immaterial               Escondida       immaterial
           US$M                                                                       Limitada        subsidiaries     Total    Limitada       subsidiaries    Total
           Group share (per cent)                                                           57.5                                     57.5
           Current assets                                                                  3,683                                    3,144
           Non-current assets                                                            12,639                                    12,160
           Current liabilities                                                            (2,484)                                  (1,598)
           Non-current liabilities                                                        (4,989)                                  (5,413)
           Net assets                                                                      8,849                                    8,293
           Net assets attributable to NCI                                                  3,761               548     4,309        3,525               509    4,034
           Revenue                                                                       10,013                                     8,847
           Profit after taxation                                                           2,894                                    2,365
           Other comprehensive income                                                         13                                       (8)
           Total comprehensive income                                                      2,907                                    2,357
           Profit after taxation attributable to NCI                                       1,230               474     1,704        1,005               398    1,403
           Other comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                      6                (2)        4           (3)                –       (3)
           Net operating cash flow                                                         4,180                                    3,168
           Net investing cash flow                                                        (1,806)                                  (1,351)
           Net financing cash flow                                                        (2,415)                                  (1,620)
           Dividends paid to NCI                                                             993               431     1,424          712               463    1,175

           While the Group controls Minera Escondida Limitada, the non-controlling interests hold certain protective rights that restrict the Group’s ability to sell
           assets held by Minera Escondida Limitada, or use the assets in other subsidiaries and operations owned by the Group. Minera Escondida Limitada is
           also restricted from paying dividends without the approval of the non-controlling interests.
           
                                                                                      F-48
           19           Dividends
           
                                                                                                        Year ended              Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                                       30 June 2024           30 June 2023            30 June 2022
                                                                                                    Per share    Total     Per share     Total     Per share     Total
                                                                                                     US cents US$M         US cents     US$M       US cents     US$M
           Dividends paid during the period
           Prior year final dividend                                                                       80     4,065         175        8,858        200    10,119
           Interim dividend                                                                                72     3,647          90        4,562        150     7,601
                                                                                                          152     7,712         265       13,420        350    17,720

           Dividends paid during the period differs from the amount of dividends paid in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement as a result of foreign exchange
           gains and losses relating to the timing of equity distributions between the record date and the payment date. Additional derivative settlements of
           US$44 million were made as part of the funding of the dividend paid during the period and is disclosed in Proceeds/(settlements) of cash management
           related instruments in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.

           Each American Depositary Share (ADS) represents two ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited. Dividends determined on each ADS represent twice the
           dividend determined on each BHP Group Limited ordinary share.

           Dividends are determined after period-end and announced with the results for the period. Interim dividends are determined in February and paid in
           March. Final dividends are determined in August and paid in September or October. Dividends determined are not recorded as a liability at the end of
           the period to which they relate. Subsequent to year-end, on 27 August 2024, BHP Group Limited determined a final dividend of 74 US cents per share
           (US$3,752 million), which will be paid on 3 October 2024 (30 June 2023: final dividend of 80 US cents per share – US$4,052 million; 30 June 2022:
           final dividend of 175 US cents per share – US$8,857 million).

           BHP Group Limited dividends for all periods presented are, or will be, fully franked based on a tax rate of 30 per cent.
           




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                              2024   2023   2022
                                                                                                                                              US$M US$M US$M
           Franking credits as at 30 June                                                                                                      9,165 7,953  7,007
           Franking credits arising on the future payment/(refund) of taxes relating to the period                                                83  (261) 2,043
           Total franking credits available1                                                                                                   9,248 7,692  9,050
           
           1            The payment of the final 2024 dividend determined after 30 June 2024 will reduce the franking account balance by US$1,608 million.


           20           Provisions for dividends and other liabilities
           The disclosure below excludes closure and rehabilitation provisions (refer to note 15 ‘Closure and rehabilitation provisions’), employee benefits,
           restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits provisions (refer to note 27 ‘Employee benefits, restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits
           provisions’) and provision related to the Samarco dam failure (refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’).
           
                                                                                                                                                    2024      2023
                                                                                                                                                    US$M      US$M
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                      769       674
           Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations1                                                                                                   –        61
           Dividends determined                                                                                                                      7,712    13,420
           Charge/(credit) for the year:
                Underlying                                                                                                                             180        156
                Discounting                                                                                                                              2          2
                Exchange variations                                                                                                                    (42)      (161)
                Released during the year                                                                                                              (120)       (62)
           Utilisation                                                                                                                                 (92)       (35)
           Dividends paid                                                                                                                           (7,675)   (13,268)
           Transfers and other movements                                                                                                               (24)       (18)
           At the end of the financial year                                                                                                            710        769
           Comprising:
                Current                                                                                                                                220       384
                Non-current                                                                                                                            490       385
           
           1            Relates to the acquisition of OZL on 2 May 2023. Refer to note 29 ‘Business combinations’ for more information.
           
                                                                                          F-49
           Financial management

           21           Net debt
           The Group seeks to maintain a strong balance sheet and deploys its capital with reference to the Capital Allocation Framework.

           The Group monitors capital using the net debt balance and the gearing ratio, being the ratio of net debt to net debt plus net assets.

           The net debt definition includes the fair value of derivative financial instruments used to hedge cash and borrowings which reflects the Group’s risk
           management strategy of reducing the volatility of net debt caused by fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates.

           Under IFRS 16/AASB16 ‘Leases’, certain vessel lease contracts are required to be remeasured at each reporting date to the prevailing freight index.
           While these liabilities are included in the Group interest bearing liabilities, they are excluded from the net debt calculation as they do not align with how
           the Group assesses net debt for decision making in relation to the Capital Allocation Framework. In addition, the freight index has historically been
           volatile which creates significant short-term fluctuation in these liabilities.
           
                                                                                                                      2024                                2023
           US$M                                                                                           Current        Non-current           Current       Non-current
           Interest bearing liabilities
           Bank loans                                                                                          540               2,070           5,310               2,192
           Notes and debentures                                                                                848              14,084           1,337              10,482
           Lease liabilities                                                                                   686               2,430             521               2,498
           Bank overdraft and short-term borrowings                                                              3                   –               5                   –
           Other                                                                                                 7                  50               –                   –
           Total interest bearing liabilities                                                                2,084              18,634           7,173              15,172
           Less: Lease liability associated with index-linked freight contracts                                267                 244             114                 173
           Less: Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash                                                                                              8,150                   –           7,206                  –




For personal use only
           Short-term deposits                                                                               4,351                   –           5,222                  –
           Less: Total cash and cash equivalents                                                            12,501                   –          12,428                  –
           Less: Derivatives included in net debt
           Net debt management related instruments1                                                           (171)             (1,224)           (113)             (1,459)
           Net cash management related instruments2                                                            (19)                  –              36                   –
           Less: Total derivatives included in net debt                                                       (190)             (1,224)            (77)             (1,459)
           Net debt                                                                                                              9,120                              11,166
           Net assets                                                                                                           49,120                              48,530
           Gearing                                                                                                                15.7%                               18.7%
           
           1            Represents the net cross currency and interest rate swaps designated as effective hedging instruments included within current and non-current
                        other financial assets and liabilities.
           
           2            Represents the net forward exchange contracts included within current and non-current other financial assets and liabilities.

           Cash and short-term deposits are disclosed in the cash flow statement net of bank overdrafts and interest bearing liabilities at call.
           
                                                                                                                                               2024       2023       2022
                                                                                                                                               US$M       US$M       US$M
           Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     12,501     12,428     17,236
           Bank overdrafts and short-term borrowings                                                                                               (3)        (5)         –
           Total cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts                                                                                  12,498     12,423     17,236

           Cash and cash equivalents includes US$112 million (2023: US$95 million) restricted by legal or contractual arrangements.


           Recognition and measurement
           Cash and short-term deposits in the balance sheet comprise cash at bank and on hand and highly liquid cash deposits with short-term maturities that are
           readily convertible to known amounts of cash with insignificant risk of change in value. The Group considers that the carrying value of cash and cash
           equivalents approximate fair value due to their short-term to maturity. Refer to note 22 ‘Leases’ and note 24 ‘Financial risk management’ for the
           recognition and measurement principles for lease liabilities and other financial liabilities.
           
                                                                                            F-50
           Interest bearing liabilities and cash and cash equivalents include balances denominated in the following currencies:
           
                                                                                                                                   Interest bearing Cash and cash
                                                                                                                                       liabilities       equivalents
                                                                                                                                    2024       2023    2024      2023
                                                                                                                                   US$M US$M US$M US$M
           USD                                                                                                                      15,203 16,289       4,445     5,925
           EUR                                                                                                                       2,440      3,050       5       544
           GBP                                                                                                                       1,613      1,587     711       674
           AUD                                                                                                                       1,265      1,233   3,840     1,797
           CAD                                                                                                                            5          7  3,259     3,362
           Other                                                                                                                       192         179    241       126
           Total                                                                                                                    20,718 22,345 12,501 12,428

           The Group enters into derivative transactions to convert the majority of its exposures above into US dollars. Further information on the Group’s risk
           management activities relating to these balances is provided in note 24 ‘Financial risk management’.


           Liquidity risk
           The Group’s liquidity risk arises from the possibility that it may not be able to settle or meet its obligations as they fall due and is managed as part of the
           portfolio risk management strategy. Operational, capital and regulatory requirements are considered in the management of liquidity risk, in conjunction
           with short-term and long-term forecast information.

           Recognising the cyclical volatility of operating cash flows, the Group has defined minimum target cash and liquidity buffers to be maintained to mitigate
           liquidity risk and support operations through the cycle.

           The Group’s strong credit profile, diversified funding sources, its minimum cash buffer and its committed credit facilities ensure that sufficient liquid
           funds are maintained to meet its daily cash requirements.




For personal use only
           The Group’s Moody’s credit rating has remained at A1/P-1 outlook stable (long-term/short-term). The Group’s S&P Global’s rating has remained at
           A-/A-1 outlook stable (long-term/short-term).

           There were no defaults on the Group’s liabilities during the period.


           Counterparty risk
           The Group is exposed to credit risk from its financing activities, including short-term cash investments such as deposits with banks and derivative
           contracts. This risk is managed by Group Treasury in line with the counterparty risk framework, which aims to minimise the exposure to a counterparty
           and mitigate the risk of financial loss through counterparty failure.

           Exposure to counterparties is monitored at a Group level across all products and includes exposure with derivatives and cash investments.

           Investments and derivatives are only transacted with approved counterparties who have been assigned specific limits based on a quantitative credit risk
           model. These limits are updated at least bi-annually. Additionally, derivatives are subject to tenor limits and investments are subject to concentration
           limits by rating.

           Derivative fair values are inclusive of valuation adjustments that take into account both the counterparty and the Group’s risk of default.


           Standby arrangements and unused credit facilities
           The Group’s committed revolving credit facility operates as a back-stop to the Group’s uncommitted commercial paper program. The combined amount
           drawn under the facility or as commercial paper will not exceed US$5.5 billion. As at 30 June 2024, US$ nil commercial paper was drawn (2023: US$
           nil). The facility is due to mature on 10 October 2026. A commitment fee is payable on the undrawn balance and interest is payable on any drawn
           balance comprising a reference rate plus a margin. The agreed margins are typical for a credit facility extended to a company with the Group’s credit
           rating.
           
                                                                                        F-51
           Maturity profile of financial liabilities
           The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on the undiscounted contractual amounts, taking into account the derivatives related to
           debt, is as follows:
           
                                                                                 Expected
                                                              Bank loans,          future       Derivatives       Other       Obligations        Trade
           2024                                             debentures and        interest       related to     financial     under lease      and other
           US$M                                               other loans        payments       debentures      liabilities    liabilities     payables1       Total
           Due for payment:
           In one year or less or on demand                           1,402            884             485            333             836          6,618       10,558
           In more than one year but not more                         1,362            827             171             67             591             15        3,033
              than two years
           In more than two years but not more                        4,960          1,923             377            233           1,012              27       8,532
              than five years
           In more than five years                                   10,999          4,784           1,131            163           1,761              3       18,841
           Total                                                     18,723          8,418           2,164            796           4,200          6,663       40,964
           Carrying amount                                           17,602              –           1,513            758           3,116          6,663       29,652

                                                                                 Expected
                                                              Bank loans,          future       Derivatives       Other       Obligations        Trade
           2023                                              debentures and       interest       related to     financial     under lease      and other
           US$M                                                other loans       payments       debentures      liabilities    liabilities     payables1       Total
           Due for payment:
           In one year or less or on demand                           6,659            757             536            257             658          6,175       15,042
           In more than one year but not more                         1,399            595             388            126             538              4        3,050
              than two years
           In more than two years but not more                        4,058          1,410             399            267           1,031               –       7,165




For personal use only
              than five years
           In more than five years                                    8,093          3,693           1,020            211           1,846              –       14,863
           Total                                                     20,209          6,455           2,343            861           4,073          6,179       40,120
           Carrying amount                                           19,326              –           1,755            804           3,019          6,179       31,083
           
           1            Excludes input taxes of US$101 million (2023: US$121 million) included in other payables.
           
                                                                                         F-52
           22           Leases
           Movements in the Group’s lease liabilities during the year are as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                                         2024   2023
                                                                                                                                                        US$M US$M
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                        3,019  2,576
           Additions                                                                                                                                       593    542
           Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations1                                                                                                       –    423
           Remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts                                                                                                230     53
           Lease payments                                                                                                                                 (837)  (706)
           Foreign exchange movement                                                                                                                       (16)    12
           Amortisation of discounting                                                                                                                     181    130
           Divestment of subsidiaries and operations2                                                                                                      (60)     –
           Transfers and other movements                                                                                                                     6    (11)
           At the end of the financial year                                                                                                              3,116  3,019
           Comprising:
                Current liabilities                                                                                                                        686       521
                Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                  2,430     2,498
           
           1            Relates to the acquisition of OZL on 2 May 2023. Refer to note 29 ‘Business combinations’ for more information.
           2            Relates to the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines completed on 2 April 2024. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for more
                        information.

           A significant proportion by value of the Group’s lease contracts relate to plant facilities, office buildings and vessels. Lease terms for plant facilities and
           office buildings typically run for over 10 years and vessels from four to 10 years. Other leases include port facilities, various equipment and vehicles.
           The lease contracts contain a wide range of different terms and conditions including extension and termination options and variable lease payments.




For personal use only
           The Group’s lease obligations are included in the Group’s Interest bearing liabilities and, with the exception of vessel lease contracts that are priced with
           reference to a freight index, form part of the Group’s net debt.

           The maturity profile of lease liabilities based on the undiscounted contractual amounts is as follows:
           
           Lease liability                                                                                                                                2024 2023
                                                                                                                                                         US$M US$M
          Due for payment:
          In one year or less or on demand                                                                                                                   836      658
          In more than one year but not more than two years                                                                                                  591      538
          In more than two years but not more than five years                                                                                              1,012    1,031
          In more than five years1                                                                                                                         1,761    1,846
          Total                                                                                                                                            4,200    4,073
          Carrying amount                                                                                                                                  3,116    3,019
           
           1            Includes US$738 million (2023: US$808 million) due for payment in more than ten years.

           At 30 June 2024, commitments for leases not yet commenced based on undiscounted contractual amounts were US$1,170 million (2023: US$1,271
           million).
           
                                                                                          F-53
           Movements in the Group’s right-of-use assets during the year are as follows:
           
                                                                                                             2024                                        2023
                                                                                              Land and      Plant and                   Land and        Plant and
                                                                                              buildings     equipment       Total       buildings      equipment      Total
                                                                                               US$M           US$M          US$M         US$M            US$M         US$M
           Net book value
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                    573           2,236      2,809          452           1,909       2,361
           Additions                                                                                  26             567        593          192             350         542
           Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations                                                  –               –          –            –             423         423
           Remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts                                            –             230        230            –              53          53
           Depreciation expensed during the period                                                   (79)           (638)      (717)         (71)           (462)       (533)
           Impairments for the year                                                                    –            (140)      (140)           –               –           –
           Divestment of subsidiaries and operations1                                                (30)            (40)       (70)           –               –           –
           Transfers and other movements                                                               –               3          3            –             (37)        (37)
           At the end of the financial year                                                          490           2,218      2,708          573           2,236       2,809
           – Cost                                                                                    742           4,479      5,221          758           4,088       4,846
           – Accumulated depreciation and impairments                                               (252)         (2,261)    (2,513)        (185)         (1,852)     (2,037)
           
           1            Relates to the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines completed on 2 April 2024. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for more
                        information.

           Right-of-use assets are included within the underlying asset classes in Property, plant and equipment. Refer to note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’.

           Amounts recorded in the income statement and the cash flow statement for the year were:
           
                                                                                                          2024     2023      2022                   Included within




For personal use only
                                                                                                          US$M     US$M      US$M
           Income statement
               Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                          717       533       964     Profit from operations
               Short-term, low-value and variable lease costs1                                              916       795       847     Profit from operations
               Interest on lease liabilities                                                                181       130       119     Financial expenses
           Cash flow statement
               Principal lease payments                                                                     656       576     1,130     Cash flows from financing activities
               Lease interest payments                                                                      181       130       119     Cash flows from operating activities
           
           1            Relates to US$792 million of variable lease costs (2023: US$714 million; 2022: US$585 million), US$96 million of short-term lease costs (2023:
                        US$47 million; 2022: US$222 million) and US$28 million of low-value lease costs (2023: US$34 million; 2022: US$40 million). Variable lease
                        costs include contracts for hire of mining service equipment, drill rigs and transportation services. These contracts contain variable lease payments
                        based on usage and asset performance.


           Recognition and measurement
           All leases with the exception of short-term (under 12 months) and low-value leases are recognised on the balance sheet, as a right-of-use asset and a
           corresponding interest bearing liability. Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the future lease payments from the lease
           commencement date and are subsequently adjusted to reflect the interest on lease liabilities, lease payments and any remeasurements due to, for
           example, lease modifications or a change to future lease payments linked to an index or rate. Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate
           implicit in the lease or, where the rate is not readily determinable, the interest payments are discounted at the Group’s weighted average incremental
           borrowing rate, adjusted to reflect factors specific to the lease, including where relevant the currency, tenor and location of the lease.

           In addition to containing a lease, the Group’s contractual arrangements may include non-lease components. For example, certain mining services
           arrangements involve the provision of additional services, including maintenance, drilling activities and the supply of personnel. The Group has elected
           to separate these non-lease components from the lease components in measuring lease liabilities. Non-lease components are accounted for in accordance
           with the accounting policies applied to each underlying good or service received.

           Low-value and short-term leases are expensed to the income statement. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate are excluded from
           lease liabilities, and expensed to the income statement.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
           liabilities. The cost will initially correspond to the lease liability, adjusted for initial direct costs, lease payments made prior to lease commencement,
           capitalised provisions for closure and rehabilitation and any lease incentives received.

           The lease asset and liability associated with all index-linked freight contracts, including continuous voyage charters (CVCs), are measured at each
           reporting date based on the prevailing freight index (generally the Baltic C5 index).
           
                                                                                             F-54
           Where the Group is the operator of an unincorporated joint operation and all investors are parties to a lease, the Group recognises its proportionate share
           of the lease liability and associated right-of-use asset. In the event the Group is the sole signatory to a lease, and therefore has the sole legal obligation to
           make lease payments, the lease liability is recognised in full. Where the associated right-of-use asset is sub-leased (under a finance sub-lease) to a joint
           operation, for instance where it is dedicated to a single operation and the joint operation has the right to direct the use of the asset, the Group (as lessor)
           recognises its proportionate share of the right-of-use asset and a net investment in the lease, representing amounts to be recovered from the other parties
           to the joint operation. If the Group is not party to the head lease contract but sub-leases the associated right-of-use asset (as lessee), it recognises its
           proportionate share of the right-of-use asset and a lease liability which is payable to the operator.

           
               Key judgements and estimates
               Judgements: Certain contractual arrangements not in the form of a lease require the Group to apply significant judgement in evaluating whether the
               Group controls the right to direct the use of assets and therefore whether the contract contains a lease. Management considers all facts and
               circumstances in determining whether the Group or the supplier has the rights to direct how, and for what purpose, the underlying assets are used in
               certain mining contracts and other arrangements, including outsourcing and shipping arrangements. Judgement is used to assess which decision-
               making rights mostly affect the benefits of use of the assets for each arrangement.

               Where a contract includes the provision of non-lease services, judgement is required to identify the lease and non-lease components.

               Estimates: Where the Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, estimation is involved in the determination of the weighted
               average incremental borrowing rate to measure lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate reflects the rates of interest a lessee would have to pay
               to borrow over a similar term, with similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
               economic environment. Under the Group’s portfolio approach to debt management, the Group does not specifically borrow for asset purchases.
               Therefore, the incremental borrowing rate is estimated referencing the Group’s corporate borrowing portfolio and other similar rated entities, adjusted
               to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (including the impact of currency, credit rating of subsidiary entering into the lease and the term of the
               lease), at the inception of the lease arrangement or the time of lease modification.

               The Group estimates stand-alone prices, where such prices are not readily observable, in order to allocate the contractual payments between lease and
               non-lease components.




For personal use only
           23           Net finance costs
           
                                                                                                                                                 2024       2023      2022
                                                                                                                                                 US$M       US$M      US$M
           Financial expenses
           Interest expense using the effective interest rate method:
           Interest on bank loans, overdrafts and all other borrowings                                                                             1,467       997        491
           Interest capitalised at 6.82% (2023: 5.71%; 2022: 2.90%)1                                                                                (530)     (271)      (113)
           Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                             181       130        119
           Discounting on provisions and other liabilities                                                                                         1,064     1,293        645
           Other gains and losses:
           Fair value change on hedged loans                                                                                                        (214)     (803)    (1,286)
           Fair value change on hedging derivatives                                                                                                  188       691      1,277
           Exchange variations on net debt                                                                                                            27         9        (99)
           Other                                                                                                                                      15        14         16
           Total financial expenses                                                                                                                2,198     2,060      1,050
           Financial income
           Interest income                                                                                                                          (709)     (529)       (81)
           Net finance costs                                                                                                                       1,489     1,531        969
           
           1            Interest has been capitalised at the rate of interest applicable to the specific borrowings financing the assets under construction or, where financed
                        through general borrowings, at a capitalisation rate representing the average interest rate on such borrowings. Tax relief for capitalised interest is
                        approximately US$159 million (2023: US$81 million; 2022: US$34 million).


           Recognition and measurement
           Interest income is accrued using the effective interest rate method. Finance costs are expensed as incurred, except where they relate to the financing of
           construction or development of qualifying assets.
           
                                                                                              F-55
           24            Financial risk management
           24.1 Financial risks
           Financial and capital risk management strategy
           The financial risks arising from the Group’s operations comprise market, liquidity and credit risk. These risks arise in the normal course of business and
           the Group manages its exposure to them in accordance with the Group’s portfolio risk management strategy. The objective of the strategy is to support
           the delivery of the Group’s financial targets, while protecting its future financial security and flexibility by taking advantage of the natural
           diversification provided by the scale, diversity and flexibility of the Group’s operations and activities.

           As part of the risk management strategy, the Group monitors target gearing levels and credit rating metrics under a range of different stress test scenarios
           incorporating operational and macroeconomic factors.


           Market risk management
           The Group’s activities expose it to market risks associated with movements in interest rates, foreign currencies and commodity prices. Under the
           strategy outlined above, the Group seeks to achieve financing costs, currency impacts, input costs and commodity prices on a floating or index basis.

           In executing the strategy, financial instruments are potentially employed in three distinct but related activities. The following table summarises these
           activities and the key risk management processes:
           
           Activity                                                                                                      Key risk management processes
           1            Risk mitigation
           On an exception basis, hedging for the purposes of mitigating risk related to specific and significant        Execution of transactions within approved
           expenditure on investments or capital projects will be executed if necessary to support the Group’s           mandates.
           strategic objectives.
           2            Economic hedging of commodity sales, operating costs, short-term cash deposits, other




For personal use only
                        monetary items and debt instruments
           Where Group commodity production is sold to customers on pricing terms that deviate from the relevant         Measuring and reporting the exposure in
           index target and where a relevant derivatives market exists, financial instruments may be executed as an      customer commodity contracts and issued
           economic hedge to align the revenue price exposure with the index target and US dollars.                      debt instruments.
           Where debt is issued in a currency other than the US dollar and/or at a fixed interest rate, fair value and Executing hedging derivatives to align the
           cash flow hedges may be executed to align the debt exposure with the Group’s functional currency of US total group exposure to the index target.
           dollars and/or to swap to a floating interest rate.
           Where short-term cash deposits and other monetary items are denominated in a currency other than US           Execution of transactions within approved
           dollars, derivative financial instruments may be executed to align the foreign exchange exposure to the       mandates.
           Group’s functional currency of US dollars.
           3            Strategic financial transactions
           Opportunistic transactions may be executed with financial instruments to capture value from perceived         Execution of transactions within approved
           market over/under valuations.                                                                                 mandates.

           Primary responsibility for the identification and control of financial risks, including authorising and monitoring the use of financial instruments for the
           above activities and stipulating policy thereon, rests with the Financial Risk Management Committee under authority delegated by the Chief Executive
           Officer.


           Interest rate risk
           The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on its outstanding borrowings and short-term cash deposits from the possibility that changes in interest rates
           will affect future cash flows or the fair value of fixed interest rate financial instruments. Interest rate risk is managed as part of the portfolio risk
           management strategy.

           The majority of the Group’s debt is issued at fixed interest rates. The Group has entered into interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps to
           convert most of its fixed interest rate exposure to floating US dollar interest rate exposure. As at 30 June 2024, 97 per cent of the Group’s borrowings
           were exposed to floating interest rates inclusive of the effect of swaps (2023: 98 per cent).

           The fair value of interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps in hedge relationships used to hedge both interest rate and foreign currency
           risks are shown in the valuation hierarchy in section 24.4 ‘Derivatives and hedge accounting’.
           
                                                                                        F-56
           Based on the net debt position as at 30 June 2024, taking into account interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps, it is estimated that a one
           percentage point increase in the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) interest rate will decrease the Group’s equity and profit after taxation by
           US$47 million (2023: decrease of US$58 million). This assumes the change in interest rates is effective from the beginning of the financial year and the
           fixed/floating mix and balances are constant over the year.


           Currency risk
           The US dollar is the predominant functional currency within the Group and as a result, currency exposures arise from transactions and balances in
           currencies other than the US dollar. The Group’s potential currency exposures comprise:
           
           •            translational exposure in respect of non-functional currency monetary items
           
           •            transactional exposure in respect of non-functional currency expenditure and revenues

           The Group’s foreign currency risk is managed as part of the portfolio risk management strategy.


           Translational exposure in respect of non-functional currency monetary items
           Monetary items, including financial assets and liabilities, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of an operation are restated at the
           end of each reporting period to US dollar equivalents and the associated gain or loss is taken to the income statement. The exception is foreign exchange
           gains or losses on foreign currency denominated provisions for closure and rehabilitation at operating sites, which are capitalised in property, plant and
           equipment.

           The Group has entered into cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards to convert its significant foreign currency exposures in
           respect of monetary items into US dollars. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates are therefore not expected to have a significant impact on equity and
           profit after tax.

           The following table shows the carrying values of financial assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period denominated in currencies other than
           the US dollar that are exposed to foreign currency risk:




For personal use only
           
           Net financial (liabilities)/assets - by currency of denomination                                                                          2024    2023
                                                                                                                                                     US$M US$M
           AUD                                                                                                                                       (3,850) (4,168)
           CAD                                                                                                                                         (543)   (312)
           CLP                                                                                                                                         (150)    (74)
           GBP                                                                                                                                          323     353
           EUR                                                                                                                                          239     217
           Other                                                                                                                                         43     355
           Total                                                                                                                                     (3,938) (3,629)

           The principal non-functional currencies to which the Group is exposed are the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar, the Chilean peso, the Pound
           sterling and the Euro. Based on the Group’s net financial assets and liabilities as at 30 June 2024, a weakening of the US dollar against these currencies
           (one cent strengthening in Australian dollar, one cent strengthening in Canadian dollar, 10 pesos strengthening in Chilean peso, one penny strengthening
           in Pound sterling and one cent strengthening in Euro), with all other variables held constant, would decrease the Group’s equity and profit after taxation
           by US$17 million (2023: decrease of US$15 million).


           Transactional exposure in respect of non-functional currency expenditure and revenues
           Certain operating and capital expenditure is incurred in currencies other than an operation’s functional currency. To a lesser extent, certain sales revenue
           is earned in currencies other than the functional currency of operations and certain exchange control restrictions may require that funds be maintained in
           currencies other than the functional currency of the operation. These currency risks are managed as part of the portfolio risk management strategy. The
           Group may enter into forward exchange contracts when required under this strategy.


           Commodity price risk
           The risk associated with commodity prices is managed as part of the portfolio risk management strategy. Substantially all of the Group’s commodity
           production is sold on market-based index pricing terms, with derivatives used from time to time to achieve a specific outcome.

           Financial instruments with commodity price risk comprise forward commodity and other derivative contracts with net liabilities at fair value of
           US$42 million (2023: net liabilities of US$20 million).


           Provisionally priced commodity sales and purchases contracts
           Provisionally priced sales or purchases volumes are those for which price finalisation, referenced to the relevant index, is outstanding at the reporting
           date. Provisional pricing mechanisms within these sales and purchases arrangements have the character of a commodity derivative. Trade receivables or
           payables under these contracts are carried at fair value through profit or loss using Level 2 valuation inputs based on forecast selling prices in the
           quotation period. The Group’s exposure at 30 June 2024 to the impact of movements in commodity prices upon provisionally invoiced sales and
           purchases volumes was predominately around copper.

           The Group had 428 thousand tonnes of copper exposure as at 30 June 2024 (2023: 314 thousand tonnes) that was provisionally priced. The final price of
           these sales and purchases volumes will be determined during the first half of FY2025. A 10 per cent change in the price of copper realised on the
           provisionally priced sales, with all other factors held constant, would increase or decrease profit after taxation by US$299 million (2023: US$184
           million).

           The relationship between commodity prices and foreign currencies is complex and movements in foreign exchange rates can impact commodity prices.
           
                                                                                           F-57
           Liquidity risk
           Refer to note 21 ‘Net debt’ for details on the Group’s liquidity risk.


           Credit risk
           Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The
           Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily from customer receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits
           with banks and financial institutions, other short-term investments, interest rate and currency derivative contracts and other financial instruments.

           Refer to note 8 ‘Trade and other receivables’ and note 21 ‘Net debt’ for details on the Group credit risk.


           24.2 Recognition and measurement
           All financial assets and liabilities, other than derivatives and trade receivables, are initially recognised at the fair value of consideration paid or received,
           net of transaction costs as appropriate. Financial assets are initially recognised on their trade date.

           Financial assets are subsequently carried at fair value or amortised cost based on:
           
           •            the Group’s purpose, or business model, for holding the financial asset
           
           •            whether the financial asset’s contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest

           The resulting Financial Statements classifications of financial assets can be summarised as follows:
           
           Contractual cash flows                 Business model                                                      Category
           Solely principal and interest          Hold in order to collect contractual cash flows                     Amortised cost
           Solely principal and interest          Hold in order to collect contractual cash flows and sell            Fair value through other comprehensive income




For personal use only
           Solely principal and interest          Hold in order to sell                                               Fair value through profit or loss
           Other                                  Any of those mentioned above                                        Fair value through profit or loss

           Solely principal and interest refers to the Group receiving returns only for the time value of money and the credit risk of the counterparty for financial
           assets held. The main exceptions for the Group are provisionally priced receivables and derivatives which are measured at fair value through profit or
           loss under IFRS 9.

           The Group has the intention of collecting payment directly from its customers in most cases, however the Group also participates in receivables
           financing programs in respect of selected customers. Receivables in these portfolios which are classified as ‘hold in order to sell’, are provisionally
           priced receivables and are therefore held at fair value through profit or loss prior to sale to the financial institution.

           With the exception of derivative contracts and provisionally priced trade payables which are carried at fair value through profit or loss, the Group’s
           financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at amortised cost.

           The Group may in addition elect to designate certain financial assets or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or to apply hedge accounting where
           they are not mandatorily held at fair value through profit or loss.


           Fair value measurement
           The carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value is principally calculated based on inputs other than quoted prices that are
           observable for these financial assets or liabilities, either directly (i.e. as unquoted prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). Where no price
           information is available from a quoted market source, alternative market mechanisms or recent comparable transactions, fair value is estimated based on
           the Group’s views on relevant future prices, net of valuation allowances to accommodate liquidity, modelling and other risks implicit in such estimates.

           The inputs used in fair value calculations are determined by the relevant segment or function. The functions support the assets and operate under a
           defined set of accountabilities authorised by the Executive Leadership Team. Movements in the fair value of financial assets and liabilities may be
           recognised through the income statement or in other comprehensive income according to the designation of the underlying instrument.

           For financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value, the Group uses the following to categorise the inputs to the valuation method used based on the
           lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
           
           IFRS 13 Fair value hierarchy                                 Level 1                                Level 2                                 Level 3
           Valuation inputs                              Based on quoted prices (unadjusted) Based on inputs other than quoted           Based on inputs not observable in
                                                         in active markets for identical     prices included within Level 1 that         the market using appropriate
                                                         financial assets and liabilities.   are observable for the financial asset      valuation models, including
                                                                                             or liability, either directly (i.e. as      discounted cash flow modelling.
                                                                                             unquoted prices) or indirectly (i.e.
                                                                                             derived from prices).
           
                                                                                              F-58
           24.3 Financial assets and liabilities
           The financial assets and liabilities are presented by class in the table below at their carrying amounts.
           
                                                                                    IFRS 13
                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                   hierarchy                                                               2024       2023
                                                                                     Level1                    IFRS 9 Classification                      US$M       US$M
                Current cross currency and interest rate swaps2                        2      Fair value through profit or loss                                 5         34
                Current other derivative contracts3                                   2,3     Fair value through profit or loss                               118        407
                Current other financial assets4                                               Amortised cost                                                  234          –
                Current other investments5                                            1,2     Fair value through profit or loss                                24         29
                Non-current cross currency and interest rate swaps2                    2      Fair value through profit or loss                               113        149
                Non-current other derivative contracts3                               2,3     Fair value through profit or loss                               103        228
                Non-current other financial assets6                                    3      Fair value through profit or loss                               195        246
                Non-current other financial assets4,7                                         Amortised cost                                                  398          –
                Non-current investment in shares                                      1,3     Fair value through other comprehensive income                   201        224
                Non-current other investments5                                        1,2     Fair value through profit or loss                               219        268
           Total other financial assets                                                                                                                     1,610      1,585
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                             Amortised cost                                            12,501     12,428
           Trade and other receivables8                                                          Amortised cost                                             1,597      1,506
           Provisionally priced trade receivables                                        2       Fair value through profit or loss                          3,250      2,705
           Total financial assets                                                                                                                          18,958     18,224
           Non-financial assets                                                                                                                            83,404     83,072
           Total assets                                                                                                                                   102,362    101,296

                Current cross currency and interest rate swaps2                          2       Fair value through profit or loss                            176        147
                Current other derivative contracts                                       2       Fair value through profit or loss                            241        176




For personal use only
                Current other financial liabilities9                                             Amortised cost                                                95         79
                Non-current cross currency and interest rate swaps2                      2       Fair value through profit or loss                          1,337      1,608
                Non-current other derivative contracts3                                 2,3      Fair value through profit or loss                             54         82
                Non-current other financial liabilities9                                         Amortised cost                                               368        467
           Total other financial liabilities                                                                                                                2,271      2,559
           Trade and other payables10                                                            Amortised cost                                             6,049      5,338
           Provisionally priced trade payables                                           2       Fair value through profit or loss                            614        841
           Bank overdrafts and short-term borrowings11                                           Amortised cost                                                 3          5
           Bank loans11                                                                          Amortised cost                                             2,610      7,502
           Notes and debentures11                                                                Amortised cost                                            14,932     11,819
           Lease liabilities12                                                                                                                              3,116      3,019
           Other11                                                                               Amortised cost                                                57          –
           Total financial liabilities                                                                                                                     29,652     31,083
           Non-financial liabilities                                                                                                                       23,590     21,683
           Total liabilities                                                                                                                               53,242     52,766
           
           1            All of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities recognised at fair value were valued using market observable inputs categorised as
                        Level 2 unless specified otherwise in the following footnotes.
           
           2            Cross currency and interest rate swaps are valued using market data including interest rate curves and foreign exchange rates. A discounted cash
                        flow approach is used to derive the fair value of cross currency and interest rate swaps at the reporting date.
           
           3            Includes net other derivative assets of US$92 million related to power purchase contract agreements that are categorised as Level 3 (2023: US$46
                        million).
           
           4            Includes deferred consideration of US$495 million in relation to the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines.
           
           5            Includes investments held by BHP Foundation which are restricted and not available for general use by the Group of US$243 million (2023:
                        US$290 million) of which other investments (mainly US Treasury Notes) of US$134 million categorised as Level 1 (2023: US$138 million).
           
           6            Includes receivables contingent on future realised coal price of US$195 million (2023: US$246 million receivables contingent on outcome of
                        future events relating to mining and regulatory approvals).
           
           7            Includes Senior notes of US$137 million relating to Samarco with a maturity date of 30 June 2031 (refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco
                        dam failure’ for further information).
           
           8            Excludes input taxes of US$492 million (2023: US$531 million) included in other receivables.
           
           9            Includes the discounted settlement liability in relation to the cancellation of power contracts at the Group’s Escondida operations.
           
           10           Excludes input taxes of US$101 million (2023: US$121 million) included in other payables.
           
           11           All interest bearing liabilities, excluding lease liabilities, are unsecured.
           
           12           Lease liabilities are measured in accordance with IFRS 16/AASB 16 ‘Leases’.
           
                                                                                                 F-59
           The carrying amounts in the table above generally approximate to fair value. In the case of US$532 million (2023: US$534 million) of fixed rate debt
           not swapped to floating rate, the fair value at 30 June 2024 was US$538 million (2023: US$538 million). The fair value is determined using a method
           that can be categorised as Level 2 and uses inputs based on benchmark interest rates, alternative market mechanisms or recent comparable transactions.

           For financial instruments that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the
           fair value hierarchy by reassessing categorisation at the end of each reporting period. There were no transfers between categories during the period.


           Offsetting financial assets and liabilities
           The Group enters into money market deposits and derivative transactions under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master netting
           agreements that do not meet the offsetting criteria in IAS 32/AASB 132 ‘Financial Instruments: Presentation’, but allow for the related amounts to be
           set-off in certain circumstances. The amounts set out as cross currency and interest rate swaps in the table above represent the derivative financial assets
           and liabilities of the Group that may be subject to the above arrangements and are presented on a gross basis.


           24.4         Derivatives and hedge accounting
           The Group uses derivatives to hedge its exposure to certain market risks and may elect to apply hedge accounting.


           Hedge accounting
           Derivatives are included within financial assets or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss unless they are designated as effective hedging
           instruments.

           Where hedge accounting is applied, at the start of the transaction, the Group documents the type of hedge, the relationship between the hedging
           instrument and hedged items and its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The documentation also
           demonstrates that the hedge is expected to be effective.

           The Group applies the following types of hedge accounting to its derivatives hedging the interest rate and currency risks of its notes and debentures:




For personal use only
           
           •            Fair value hedges – the fair value gain or loss on interest rate and cross currency swaps relating to interest rate risk, together with the change in the
                        fair value of the hedged fixed rate borrowings attributable to interest rate risk are recognised immediately in the income statement. If the hedge no
                        longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the fair value adjustment on the note or debenture is amortised to the income statement over the
                        period to maturity using a recalculated effective interest rate.
           
           •            Cash flow hedges – changes in the fair value of cross currency interest rate swaps which hedge foreign currency cash flows on the notes and
                        debentures are recognised directly in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve. To the extent a hedge is
                        ineffective, changes in fair value are recognised immediately in the income statement.
                        When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold, terminated or exercised, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
                        cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is amortised to the income statement over the period to the hedged
                        item’s maturity.

           When hedged, the Group hedges the full notional value of notes or debentures. However, certain components of the fair value of derivatives are not
           permitted under IFRS 9 to be included in the hedge accounting above. Certain costs of hedging are permitted to be recognised in other comprehensive
           income. Any change in the fair value of a derivative that does not qualify for hedge accounting, or is ineffective in hedging the designated risk due to
           contractual differences between the hedged item and hedging instrument, is recognised immediately in the income statement.

           The table below shows the carrying amounts of the Group’s notes and debentures by currency and the derivatives which hedge them:
           
           •            The carrying amount of the notes and debentures includes foreign exchange remeasurement to period-end rates and fair value adjustments when
                        included in a fair value hedge.
           
           •            The breakdown of the hedging derivatives includes remeasurement of foreign currency notional values at period-end rates, fair value movements
                        due to interest rate risk, foreign currency cash flows designated into cash flow hedges, costs of hedging recognised in other comprehensive
                        income, ineffectiveness recognised in the income statement and accruals or prepayments.
           
           •            The hedged value of notes and debentures includes their carrying amounts adjusted for the offsetting derivative fair value movements due to
                        foreign currency and interest rate risk remeasurement.
           
                                                                                              F-60
                                                                                           Fair value of derivatives
                                                       Foreign
                                        Carrying      exchange                    Recognised        Recognised        Recognised                                            Hedged
                                       amount of      notional                    in cash flow       in cost of          in the             Accrued                         value of
           2024                         notes and      at spot       Interest       hedging           hedging           income             and other                       notes and
           US$M                        debentures       rates        rate risk       reserve          reserve         statement1           cash flows         Total       debentures2
                                            A              B            C              D                  E                F                     G            B to G           A+B+C
           USD                             10,928                –        498                –                   –                    2               (48)      452              11,426
           GBP                              1,595              521        247              (13)                  3                  (69)              (16)      673               2,363
           EUR                              2,409              367        259              (27)                  7                  (50)             (286)      270               3,035
           Total                           14,932              888      1,004              (40)                 10                 (117)             (350)    1,395              16,824

                                                                                            Fair value of derivatives
                                                        Foreign
                                        Carrying       exchange                   Recognised         Recognised        Recognised                                           Hedged
                                       amount of        notional                  in cash flow        in cost of          in the            Accrued                         value of
           2023                         notes and        at spot     Interest       hedging            hedging           income             and other                      notes and
           US$M                        debentures         rates      rate risk       reserve           reserve         statement1          cash flows         Total       debentures2
                                            A              B            C              D                  E                    F                 G            B to G           A+B+C
           USD                               7,245               –          214              –                   –                   32                23       269               7,459
           GBP                               1,566             522          274             24                  (9)                 (69)               35       777               2,362
           EUR                               3,008             434          302            (39)                 10                  (49)             (132)      526               3,744
           Total                            11,819             956          790            (15)                  1                  (86)              (74)    1,572              13,565
           
           1            Predominantly related to ineffectiveness.
           
           2            Includes US$532 million (2023: US$534 million) of fixed rate debt not swapped to floating rate that is not in a hedging relationship.

           The weighted average interest rate payable is USD SOFR +1.40 per cent (2023: USD SOFR +1.54 per cent). Refer to note 23 ‘Net finance costs’ for




For personal use only
           details of net finance costs for the year.

           Movements in reserves relating to hedge accounting
           The following table shows a reconciliation of the components of equity and an analysis of the movements in reserves for all hedges. For a description of
           these reserves, refer to note 18 ‘Other equity’.
           
           2024                                                                                                         Cash flow hedging   Cost of hedging
           US$M                                                                                                               reserve           reserve        Total
                                                                                                                        Gross Tax Net Gross Tax Net
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                                          15     (5)   10    (1)     –    (1)     9
           Add: Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised in OCI                                              (24)     7   (17)   (9)     3    (6)   (23)
           Less: Reclassified from reserves to financial expenses – recognised through OCI                                 49 (15)      34     –      –     –     34
           At the end of the financial year                                                                                40 (13)      27   (10)     3    (7)    20

           2023                                                                                                          Cash flow hedging   Cost of hedging
           US$M                                                                                                               reserve             reserve       Total
                                                                                                                        Gross Tax      Net  Gross Tax Net
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                                          59 (18)       41   (27)      8 (19)     22
           Add: Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised in OCI                                               95 (29)       66     –       –    –     66
           Less: Reclassified from reserves to financial expenses – recognised through OCI                               (174) 53 (121)        26      (8) 18    (103)
           Less: Loss/(gain) transferred to balance sheet related items                                                    35 (11)       24     –       –    –     24
           At the end of the financial year                                                                                15     (5)    10    (1)      –   (1)     9


           Changes in interest bearing liabilities and related derivatives resulting from financing activities
           The movement in the year in the Group’s interest bearing liabilities and related derivatives are as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                                              Derivatives
                                                                                                                                                                (assets)/
                                                                                                        Interest bearing liabilities                           liabilities
                                                                                                                                   Bank                          Cross
                                                                                                                                 overdraft                     currency
                                                                                                                                    and                           and
           2024                                                                        Bank        Notes and       Lease        short-term                      interest
           US$M                                                                        loans       debentures    liabilities   borrowings            Other    rate swaps         Total
           At the beginning of the financial year                                       7,502         11,819          3,019                 5            –            1,572
                Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities                                400          4,691              –                 –            –                –      5,091
                Settlements of debt related instruments                                     –              –              –                 –            –             (321)      (321)
                Repayment of interest bearing liabilities                              (5,319)        (1,338)          (656)                –          (14)               –     (7,327)
           Change from Net financing cash flows                                        (4,919)         3,353           (656)                –          (14)            (321)    (2,557)
           Other movements:
                Divestment of subsidiaries and operations                                  –               –            (60)                –            –                –
                Interest rate impacts                                                      –            (214)             –                 –            –              188
                Foreign exchange impacts                                                  24             (35)           (16)                –            –               35
                Lease additions                                                            –               –            593                 –            –                –
                Remeasurement of index-linked freight contracts                            –               –            230                 –            –                –
                Other interest bearing liabilities/derivative related changes              3               9              6                (2)          71              (79)
           At the end of the financial year                                            2,610          14,932          3,116                 3           57            1,395
           
                                                                                            F-61
                                                                                                                                                      Derivatives
                                                                                                                                                        (assets)/
                                                                                                    Interest bearing liabilities                       liabilities
                                                                                                                               Bank                       Cross
                                                                                                                             overdraft                 currency
                                                                                                                                and                        and
           2023                                                                      Bank      Notes and        Lease       short-term                   interest
           US$M                                                                      loans     debentures     liabilities   borrowings    Other       rate swaps         Total
           At the beginning of the financial year                                    2,472        11,363         2,576                –      17            1,688
                Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities                           5,450         2,732             –                –       –                –         8,182
                Settlements of debt related instruments                                  –             –             –                –       –             (677)         (677)
                Repayment of interest bearing liabilities                           (1,087)       (1,610)         (576)               –     (16)               –        (3,289)
           Change from Net financing cash flows                                      4,363         1,122          (576)               –     (16)            (677)        4,216
           Other movements:
                Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations                             688             –           423                –          –             –
                Interest rate impacts                                                    –          (803)            –                –          –           691
                Foreign exchange impacts                                               (23)          128            12                –          –          (127)
                Lease additions                                                          –             –           542                –          –             –
                Remeasurement of index-linked freight contracts                          –             –            53                –          –             –
                Other interest bearing liabilities/derivative related changes            2             9           (11)               5         (1)           (3)
           At the end of the financial year                                          7,502        11,819         3,019                5          –         1,572


           Employee matters
           25           Key management personnel
           Key management personnel compensation comprises:




For personal use only
           
                                                                                                                                     2024           2023               2022
                                                                                                                                      US$            US$                US$
           Short-term employee benefits                                                                                            12,687,272     13,599,217         13,979,139
           Post-employment benefits                                                                                                   634,005        659,020            634,363
           Share-based payments                                                                                                    11,143,944     11,455,666         11,165,439
           Total                                                                                                                   24,465,221     25,713,903         25,778,941

           Key Management Personnel (KMP) includes the roles which have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of
           BHP. These are Non-executive Directors, the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the President Australia and the President Americas.

           Transactions and outstanding loans/amounts with key management personnel
           There were no purchases by key management personnel from the Group during FY2024 (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil).

           There were no amounts payable by key management personnel at 30 June 2024 (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil).

           There were no loans receivable from or payable to key management personnel at 30 June 2024 (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil).


           Transactions with personally related entities
           A number of Directors of the Group hold or have held positions in other companies (personally related entities) where it is considered they control or
           significantly influence the financial or operating policies of those entities. There were no reportable transactions with those entities and no amounts were
           owed by the Group to personally related entities at 30 June 2024 (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil).

           For more information on remuneration and transactions with key management personnel, refer to the Remuneration Report under Governance.


           26           Employee share ownership plans
           Awards, in the form of the right to receive ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited have been granted under the following employee share ownership
           plans: Cash and Deferred Plan (CDP), Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), Management Award Plan (MAP) and the all-employee share plan, Shareplus.

           Some awards are eligible to receive a cash payment, or the equivalent value in shares, equal to the dividend amount that would have been earned on the
           underlying shares awarded to those participants (the Dividend Equivalent Payment, or DEP). The DEP is provided to the participants once the
           underlying shares are allocated or transferred to them. Awards under the plans do not confer any rights to participate in a share issue; however, there is
           discretion under each of the plans to adjust the awards in response to a variation in the share capital of BHP Group Limited.
           
                                                                                      F-62
           The table below provides a description of each of the plans.
           
           Plan                                CDP                                             LTIP and MAP                            Shareplus
           Type                                Short-term incentive                            Long-term incentive                     All-employee share purchase plan
           Overview                                   The CDP is a plan for Executive          The LTIP is a plan for Executive        Employees may contribute up to
                                                      KMP and members of the Executive         KMP and members of the Executive        US$5,000 to acquire shares in any
                                                      Leadership Team who are not              Leadership Team who are not             plan year. On the third anniversary
                                                      Executive KMP.                           Executive KMP, and awards are           of the start of a plan year, the Group
                                                                                               granted annually.                       will match the number of acquired
                                                      Generally under the CDP, two thirds
                                                                                                                                       shares.
                                                      of the value of a participant’s short-  The MAP is a plan for BHP senior
                                                      term incentive amount is awarded as management who are not Executive
                                                      rights to receive BHP Group Limited KMP. The number of share rights
                                                      shares at the end of the vesting period awarded is determined by a
                                                      (and the remaining one third is         participant’s role and grade.
                                                      delivered in cash). Two awards of
                                                      deferred shares are granted, each of
                                                      the equivalent value to the cash
                                                      award, vesting between two and five
                                                      years respectively. Awards of deferred
                                                      shares may also be granted to
                                                      members of the Executive Leadership
                                                      Team as additional retention awards
                                                      with vesting periods of up to five
                                                      years.

           Vesting conditions                         Service conditions only for the          LTIP: Service and performance           Service conditions only.
                                                      two-year award. Vesting of the four-     conditions.




For personal use only
                                                      year awards are subject to service and
                                                                                               From FY2023 BHP’s Total
                                                      individual performance conditions.
                                                                                               Shareholder Return1 (TSR)
                                                      Vesting of the five-year awards are
                                                                                               performance relative to two Morgan
                                                      subject to service conditions and also
                                                                                               Stanley Capital International (MSCI)
                                                      to a holistic review of performance at
                                                                                               market indices, the MSCI World
                                                      the end of the five-year vesting
                                                                                               Metals and Mining Index (“Sector
                                                      period, including a five-year view on
                                                                                               Group TSR”) and the MSCI World
                                                      Safety and Sustainability
                                                                                               Index (“World TSR”). The Sector
                                                      performance, profitability, cash flow,
                                                                                               Group TSR over a five-year
                                                      balance sheet health, returns to
                                                                                               performance period determines the
                                                      shareholders, corporate governance
                                                                                               vesting of 67 per cent of the awards,
                                                      and conduct.
                                                                                               while performance relative to the
                                                                                               World TSR determines the vesting of
                                                                                               33 per cent of the awards. For awards
                                                                                               granted prior to FY2023, TSR
                                                                                               performance relative to a bespoke
                                                                                               sector peer group and the MSCI
                                                                                               World Index determines the vesting
                                                                                               of 67 per cent and 33 per cent of the
                                                                                               award, respectively.
                                                                                               25 per cent of the award will vest
                                                                                               where BHP’s TSR is equal to the
                                                                                               median TSR of the relevant
                                                                                               comparator group(s), as measured
                                                                                               over the performance period. Where
                                                                                               TSR is below the median, awards will
                                                                                               not vest. Vesting occurs on a sliding
                                                                                               scale when BHP’s TSR measured
                                                                                               over the performance period is
                                                                                               between the median TSR of the
                                                                                               relevant comparator group(s) up to a
                                                                                               nominated level of TSR
                                                                                               outperformance over the relevant
                                                                                               comparator group(s), as determined
                                                                                               by the Committee, above which
                                                                                               100 per cent of the award will vest.
                                                                                               MAP: Service conditions only.

           Vesting period                             Between 2 and 5 years                    LTIP – 5 years                          3 years
                                                                                               MAP – 1 to 5 years

           Dividend Equivalent Payment                Yes                                      LTIP – Yes                              No
                                                                                               MAP – Varies

           Exercise period                            None                                     None                                    None
           
           1            For LTIP awards granted prior to unification and where the five-year performance period ends after unification, the TSR at the start of the
                        performance period is based on the weighted average of the TSRs of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc and the TSR at the end of the
                        performance period is based on the TSR of BHP Group Limited.
           
                                                                                           F-63
           Employee share awards
           
                                                                        Number of
                                                                          awards                                                       Number of                       Weighted
                                                                           at the      Number of                                         awards        Weighted        average
                                                                        beginning       awards         Number of                       at the end       average         share
                                                                           of the        issued          awards        Number of          of the       remaining       price at
                                                                         financial     during the      vested and       awards          financial     contractual      exercise
           2024                                                             year          year          exercised       lapsed             year       life (years)       date
           CDP awards                                                       968,581       532,680          219,701        70,071         1,211,489             2.1      A$43.02
           LTIP awards                                                    2,558,796       564,431          520,443       177,078         2,425,706             2.2      A$43.02
           MAP awards1                                                    6,653,726     2,515,913        2,626,587       555,855         5,987,197             1.2      A$43.33
           Shareplus                                                      5,123,851     2,457,307        2,460,834       607,438         4,512,886             1.2      A$44.35
           
           1            There were 75,457 awards vested and exercisable at the end of the financial year.


           Fair value and assumptions in the calculation of fair value for awards issued
           
                                              Weighted
                                             average fair
                                                value of
                                                awards                                                                                Estimated
                                                granted      Risk-free       Estimated                                                volatility
                                              during the     interest          life of                                                 of share
           2024                                year US$        rate           awards            Share price at grant date               price                Dividend yield
           CDP awards1                              29.71          n/a        2-5 years                      A$44.70/A$42.75                 n/a                          n/a
           LTIP awards                              19.51         4.23%         5 years                               A$44.70              33.61%                         n/a




For personal use only
           MAP awards2                              23.95          n/a        1-5 years      A$43.49/A$47.74/A$45.52/A$42.75                 n/a           5.21%/5.60%/7.44%
           Shareplus                                24.40          n/a          3 years                               A$47.23                n/a                       7.41%
           
           1            Includes CDP awards granted on 8 December 2023 and 20 June 2024.
           2            Includes MAP awards granted on 27 September 2023, 8 December 2023, 12 April 2024 and 20 June 2024.


           Recognition and measurement
           The fair value at grant date of equity-settled share awards is charged to the income statement over the period for which the benefits of employee services
           are expected to be derived. The fair values of awards granted were estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation methodology and Black-Scholes option
           pricing technique and consider the following factors:
           
           •            exercise price
           
           •            expected life of the award
           
           •            current market price of the underlying shares
           
           •            expected volatility using an analysis of historic volatility over different rolling periods. For the LTIP, it is calculated for all sector comparators and
                        the published MSCI World Index
           
           •            expected dividends
           
           •            risk-free interest rate, which is an applicable government bond rate
           
           •            market-based performance hurdles
           
           •            non-vesting conditions

           Where awards are forfeited because non-market-based vesting conditions are not satisfied, the expense previously recognised is proportionately
           reversed.

           The tax effect of awards granted is recognised in income tax expense, except to the extent that the total tax deductions are expected to exceed the
           cumulative remuneration expense. In this situation, the excess of the associated current or deferred tax is recognised in equity and forms part of the
           employee share awards reserve. The fair value of awards as presented in the tables above represents the fair value at grant date.

           In respect of employee share awards, the Group utilises the BHP Group Limited Employee Equity Trust. The trustee of this trust is an independent
           company, resident in Jersey. The trust uses funds provided by the Group to acquire ordinary shares to enable awards to be made or satisfied. The
           ordinary shares may be acquired by purchase in the market or by subscription at not less than nominal value.
           
                                                                                               F-64
           27           Employee benefits, restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits provisions
           
                                                                                                                                                        2024       2023
                                                                                                                                                        US$M       US$M
           Employee benefits1                                                                                                                            1,698      1,749
           Restructuring2                                                                                                                                   45         28
           Post-retirement employee benefits3                                                                                                              300        373
           Total provisions                                                                                                                              2,043      2,150
           Comprising:
                Current                                                                                                                                  1,677      1,734
                Non-current                                                                                                                                366        416
           
                                                                                                                                                  Post-
                                                                                                                                               retirement
                                                                                                         Employee                               employee
           2024                                                                                           benefits          Restructuring       benefits3         Total
                                                                                                           US$M                US$M              US$M             US$M
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                            1,749                     28             373          2,150
           Charge/(credit) for the year:
                Underlying                                                                                     1,375                   55              65          1,495
                Discounting                                                                                        –                    –              21             21
                Yield on defined benefit scheme assets                                                             –                    –              (4)            (4)
                Exchange variations                                                                              (21)                   –             (45)           (66)
                Released during the year                                                                         (98)                 (10)             (1)          (109)
           Remeasurement gains taken to retained earnings                                                          –                    –             (41)           (41)
           Utilisation                                                                                        (1,268)                 (27)            (68)        (1,363)
           Divestment of subsidiaries and operations4                                                            (39)                   –               –            (39)




For personal use only
           Transfers and other movements                                                                           –                   (1)              –             (1)
           At the end of the financial year                                                                    1,698                   45             300          2,043
           
           1            The expenditure associated with total employee benefits will occur in a pattern consistent with when employees choose to exercise their
                        entitlement to benefits.
           
           2            Total restructuring provisions include provisions for terminations and office closures.
           
           3            The net liability recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet includes US$142 million present value of funded defined benefits pension
                        obligation (2023: US$151 million) offset by fair value of defined benefit scheme assets US$(147) million (2023: US$(159) million),
                        US$63 million present value of unfunded defined pension and post-retirement medical benefits obligation (2023: US$79 million) and
                        US$242 million unfunded post-employment benefits obligation in Chile (2023: US$302 million).
           
           4            Relates to the divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines completed on 2 April 2024. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for more
                        information.


           Recognition and measurement
           Provisions are recognised by the Group when:
           
           •            there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events
           
           •            it is more likely than not that a permanent outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation
           
           •            the amount can be reliably estimated and measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the cash outflow required to settle the
                        obligation at the reporting date
           
                                                                                                F-65
           Provision           Description
           Employee benefits   Liabilities for benefits accruing to employees up until the reporting date in respect of wages and salaries, annual
                               leave and any accumulating sick leave are recognised in the period the related service is rendered.
                               Liabilities recognised in respect of short-term employee benefits expected to be settled within 12 months are
                               measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
                               Liabilities for other long-term employee benefits, including long service leave, are measured as the present value of
                               estimated future payments for the services provided by employees up to the reporting date.
                               Liabilities that are not expected to be settled within 12 months are discounted at the reporting date using market
                               yields of high-quality corporate bonds or government bonds for countries where there is no deep market for corporate
                               bonds. The rates used reflect the terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the estimated
                               future cash outflows.
                               In relation to industry-based long service leave funds, the Group’s liability, including obligations for funding
                               shortfalls, is determined after deducting the fair value of dedicated assets of such funds.
                               Liabilities for short and long-term employee benefits (other than unpaid wages and salaries) are disclosed within
                               employee benefits.
                               Other liabilities for unpaid wages and salaries related to the current period are recognised in other creditors.


                               Review of employee allowances and entitlements
                               On 1 June 2023, the Group disclosed the identification of two issues with certain allowances and entitlements
                               affecting a number of current and former employees in Australia. The identified issues relate to rostered employees
                               having leave incorrectly deducted on public holidays since 2010 (leave issue) and certain employees at Port Hedland
                               being eligible for additional allowances due to an error with the employing entity in their employment documentation
                               (employing entity issue). The Group self-reported the issues to the Fair Work Ombudsman in Australia.




For personal use only
                               Since the date of the announcement, the Group has recredited leave hours to current employees and begun making
                               payments to former employees who were impacted by the leave issue.

                               The Group has also commenced making payments to current and former employees for historical impacts of the
                               employing entity issue in the first quarter of FY2025.

                               The Group’s best estimate of the remaining cost of remediating the two issues, incorporating on-costs, including
                               associated superannuation and interest payments (BHP share) is reflected in employee benefit provisions at 30 June
                               2024.

                               There remains a risk that other instances of non-compliance requiring remediation may be identified through the
                               Group’s review processes and associated provisions may be recognised in future reporting periods.

           Restructuring       Restructuring provisions are recognised when:
                               •    the Group has developed a detailed formal plan identifying the business or part of the business concerned, the
                                    location and approximate number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, and an
                                    appropriate timeline
                               •    the restructuring has either commenced or been publicly announced and can no longer be withdrawn
                               Payments that are not expected to be settled within 12 months of the reporting date are measured at the present value
                               of the estimated future cash payments expected to be made by the Group.
           
                                                                       F-66
           Provision                         Description
           Post-retirement employee          Defined contribution pension schemes and multi-employer pension schemes
           benefits
                                             For defined contribution schemes or schemes operated on an industry-wide basis where it is not possible to identify
                                             assets attributable to the participation by the Group’s employees, the pension charge is calculated on the basis of
                                             contributions payable. The Group contributed US$368 million during the financial year (2023: US$358 million;
                                             2022: US$324 million) to defined contribution plans and multi-employer defined contribution plans. These
                                             contributions are expensed as incurred.


                                             Defined benefit pension and post-retirement medical schemes
                                             The Group operates or participates in a number of defined benefit pension schemes throughout the world, all of
                                             which are closed to new entrants. The funding of the schemes complies with local regulations. The assets of the
                                             schemes are generally held separately from those of the Group and are administered by trustees or management
                                             boards. The Group also operates a number of unfunded post-retirement medical schemes in the United States, Canada
                                             and Europe.
                                             For defined benefit schemes, an asset or liability is recognised in the balance sheet based at the present value of
                                             defined benefit obligations less, where funded, the fair value of plan assets, except that any such asset cannot exceed
                                             the present value of expected refunds from and reductions in future contributions to the plan. Full actuarial valuations
                                             are prepared by local actuaries for all schemes, using discount rates based on market yields at the reporting date on
                                             high-quality corporate bonds or by reference to national government bonds if high-quality corporate bonds are not
                                             available.
                                             Where funded, scheme assets are invested in a diversified range of asset classes, predominantly comprising bonds
                                             and equities.


           Group and related party information




For personal use only
           28           Discontinued operations
           On 1 June 2022 (Completion date) BHP completed the merger of the Group’s oil and gas portfolio with Woodside Energy Group Limited (‘Woodside’).
           Woodside acquired the entire share capital of BHP Petroleum International Pty Ltd (‘BHP Petroleum’) in exchange for 914,768,948 newly issued
           Woodside ordinary shares.

           On the Completion Date, the Group paid a fully franked in specie dividend in the form of Woodside shares to eligible BHP shareholders. Eligible BHP
           shareholders received one Woodside share for every 5.5340 BHP shares they held on the Group’s register at the record date of 26 May 2022.

           As part of completion and in order to reflect the economic effective date of 1 July 2021, the Group made a net cash payment of US$0.7 billion (net of
           completion adjustments) to Woodside in addition to US$0.4 billion in cash that was left in the BHP Petroleum bank accounts to fund ongoing
           operations. The total cash transfer of US$1.1 billion reflected the net cash flows generated by BHP Petroleum between 1 July 2021 and Completion Date
           adjusted for dividends Woodside would have paid on the newly issued Woodside ordinary shares, had the Merger completed on 1 July 2021.
           There was no contribution of Discontinued operations to the Group’s profit and cash flows for years ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023. The
           Blackwater and Daunia mines, while being divested on 2 April 2024, are not considered to meet the criteria for classification as a Discontinued
           operation given their relative size to the Group and the Coal segment. For further information, refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

           The contribution of Discontinued operations for the year ended 30 June 2022 is detailed below:


           Income statement – Discontinued operations
           
                                                                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                                                                                             US$M
           Profit/(loss) after taxation from operating activities                                                                                             2,496
           Net gain on Petroleum merger with Woodside (after tax)                                                                                             8,159
           Profit/(loss) after taxation                                                                                                                      10,655
                Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                         –
                Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                                             10,655
           Basic earnings/(loss) per ordinary share (cents)                                                                                                   210.5
           Diluted earnings/(loss) per ordinary share (cents)                                                                                                 210.1

           The total comprehensive income attributable to BHP shareholders from Discontinued operations was a gain of US$10,596 million for the year ended
           30 June 2022.
           
                                                                                    F-67
           Cash flows from Discontinued operations
           
                                                                                                                                                                          2022
                                                                                                                                                                          US$M
           Net operating cash flows                                                                                                                                        2,889
           Net investing cash flows1                                                                                                                                        (904)
           Net financing cash flows2                                                                                                                                         (33)
           Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Discontinued operations                                                                               1,952
           Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                                                                 (683)
           Cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                                                                               (399)
           Total cash impact                                                                                                                                                 870
           
           1            Includes purchases of property, plant and equipment and capitalised exploration related to drilling and development expenditure of
                        US$1,144 million, proceeds from sale of subsidiaries, operations and joint operations, net of cash of US$91 million, proceeds from sale of assets
                        of US$151 million and other investing outflows of US$2 million.
           
           2            Represents net repayment of interest bearing liabilities of US$33 million.


           Exceptional items – Discontinued operations
           Exceptional items are those gains or losses where their nature, including the expected frequency of the events giving rise to them, and impact is
           considered material to the Financial Statements.

           There were no exceptional items related to Discontinued operations for years ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023.

           The Exceptional item related to Discontinued operations included within the Group’s profits for the year ended 30 June 2022 is detailed below.
           
           Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                                   Gross      Tax         Net




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                     US$M      US$M        US$M
           Exceptional items by category
           Net gain on Petroleum merger with Woodside1                                                                                                8,167         (8)     8,159
           Total                                                                                                                                      8,167         (8)     8,159
           Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                      –          –          –
           Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                                           8,167         (8)     8,159
           
           1            The tax expense associated with the exceptional item reflects the tax impact of transaction costs and other restructuring related activities
                        undertaken pre-merger. There were no further tax impacts arising on the net gain on merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside as generated
                        tax losses were either offset with capital gains in other entities in the Group, or not recognised on the basis that it is not probable that future capital
                        gains will be available against which the Group can utilise the tax losses.


           Net gain on disposal of Discontinued operations
           Details of the net gain on Petroleum merger with Woodside is presented below:
           
                                                                                                                                                                          2022
                                                                                                                                                                          US$M
           Net assets disposed                                                                                                                                            10,172
           Fair value of Woodside shares1                                                                                                                                 19,566
           Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside2                                                                                                (683)
           Foreign currency translation reserve transferred to the income statement                                                                                           54
           Other provisions and related indemnities recognised at completion                                                                                                (353)
           Transaction and other directly attributable costs                                                                                                                (245)
           Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                 (8)
           Net gain on Petroleum merger with Woodside                                                                                                                      8,159
           
           1            Represents the consideration received being the fair value of 914,768,948 Woodside ordinary shares received using the closing ASX share price of
                        A$29.76 on 31 May 2022 (US$21.39 equivalent based on an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.7187).
           
           2            Reflects the net cash flows generated by BHP Petroleum between 1 July 2021 and Completion Date adjusted for dividends Woodside would have
                        paid on the newly issued Woodside ordinary shares, had the Merger completed on 1 July 2021.
           
                                                                                               F-68
           29           Business combinations
           There were no business combinations entered into by the Group during the year ended 30 June 2024.


           Business combination during the year ended 30 June 2023
           OZ Minerals Limited
           On 2 May 2023 (Acquisition Date), the Group acquired 100 per cent of the issued share capital of OZ Minerals Limited (OZL) for a net cash
           consideration of US$5.9 billion. The terms of the acquisition did not include any contingent consideration.

           The Group had 12 months from the acquisition date to make adjustments in the current period to the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired and the
           resultant value of goodwill with no restatement of comparative information. As at 2 May 2024, the Group finalised the purchase price allocation which
           has resulted in a net increase of US$2 million in goodwill from the provisional amount reported at 30 June 2023.

           Details of the business combination are as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                                             Final
                                                                                                                                                           Fair value
                                                                                                                                                            US$M
           Assets
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                               104
           Trade and other receivables1                                                                                                                             77
           Other financial assets                                                                                                                                    7
           Inventories                                                                                                                                             329
           Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                         7,661
           Intangible assets – goodwill                                                                                                                            194
           Current tax receivable                                                                                                                                   36
           Other assets                                                                                                                                             25




For personal use only
           Total assets                                                                                                                                          8,433
           Liabilities
           Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                242
           Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                                          1,111
           Deferred tax liabilities2                                                                                                                               850
           Provisions                                                                                                                                              258
           Total liabilities                                                                                                                                     2,461
           Identifiable net assets acquired                                                                                                                      5,972
           Total consideration paid3 4                                                                                                                           5,972
           Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                                                     (104)
           Net cash consideration paid                                                                                                                           5,868
           
           1            This represents the gross contractual amount for trade and other receivables all of which is expected to be collected.
           
           2            This primarily represents the difference between the fair value of the mineral rights acquired and the corresponding tax base.
           
           3            The Group executed a forward exchange contract to hedge the foreign exchange exposure on the consideration made in AUD. On maturity of the
                        hedging instrument, a hedge loss of US$35 million was capitalised to the cost of the acquisition.
           
           4            The consideration paid by the Group was A$26.50 (at the average hedged exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.6681) per OZL share over 337,314,920
                        shares and excluded a special dividend of A$1.75 per OZL share which was paid by OZL to its shareholders immediately prior to acquisition.

           Goodwill of US$194 million represented the excess of consideration paid above the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities. The goodwill
           primarily arises from the deferred tax liability recognised at acquisition due to a difference between the fair value of mineral rights acquired and the
           corresponding tax base.

           None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

           During 2024, US$1,094 million of goodwill and property, plant and equipment recognised as part of the OZL business combination has been impaired.
           Refer to note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’ for information on impairments.
           
               Key judgements and estimates
               Judgements: Judgement is required to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date in a business combination,
               which could have a material impact on goodwill.

               Estimates: The Group used the discounted cash-flow method to measure the fair value of mineral rights. Key assumptions used included commodity
               prices, production volumes, life of mine, cash outflows (including operating costs, capital expenditure, closure and rehabilitation costs and taxes),
               discount rates and risking factors.

           
           
                                                                                             F-69
           30           Subsidiaries

           Significant subsidiaries of the Group are those with the most significant contribution to the Group’s net profit or net assets. The Group’s interest in the
           subsidiaries’ results are listed in the table below. For a list of the Group’s subsidiaries, refer to Exhibit 8.1 – List of Subsidiaries.
           
                                                                                                                                                        Group’s interest
                                                                                         Country of                                                     2024       2023
           Significant subsidiaries                                                    incorporation                  Principal activity                 %          %
           Coal
           Hunter Valley Energy Coal Pty Ltd                                         Australia            Coal mining                                      100        100
           Copper
           BHP Olympic Dam Corporation Pty Ltd                                       Australia            Copper, uranium and gold mining                  100        100
           Compañia Minera Cerro Colorado Limitada                                   Chile                Copper mining                                    100         100
           Minera Escondida Ltda1                                                    Chile                Copper mining                                   57.5        57.5
           Minera Spence SA                                                          Chile                Copper mining                                   100         100
           OZ Minerals Carrapateena Pty Ltd                                          Australia            Copper and gold mining                          100         100
           OZ Minerals Prominent Hill Operations Pty Ltd                             Australia            Copper and gold mining                          100         100
           Iron Ore
           BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd2                                         Australia            Iron ore mining                                   85         85
           BHP Iron Ore Pty Ltd                                                      Australia            Service company                                  100        100
           BHP (Towage Service) Pty Ltd                                              Australia            Towing services                                  100        100
           Marketing
           BHP Billiton Freight Singapore Pte Limited                                Singapore            Freight services                                 100        100
           BHP Billiton Marketing AG                                                 Switzerland          Marketing and trading                            100        100
           BHP Billiton Marketing Asia Pte Ltd                                       Singapore            Marketing support and other services             100        100
           Group and Unallocated
           BHP Billiton Finance B.V.                                                 The Netherlands      Finance                                          100        100
           BHP Billiton Finance Limited                                              Australia            Finance                                          100        100




For personal use only
           BHP Billiton Finance (USA) Limited                                        Australia            Finance                                          100        100
           BHP Canada Inc.                                                           Canada               Potash development                               100        100
           BHP Group Operations Pty Ltd                                              Australia            Administrative services                          100        100
           BHP Nickel West Pty Ltd                                                   Australia            Nickel mining, smelting, refining and            100        100
                                                                                                          administrative services
           OZ Minerals Musgrave Operations Pty Ltd                                   Australia            Nickel and copper development                    100        100
           WMC Finance (USA) Limited                                                 Australia            Finance                                          100        100
           
           1            As the Group has the ability to direct the relevant activities at Minera Escondida Ltda, it has control over the entity. The assessment of the most
                        relevant activity in this contractual arrangement is subject to judgement. The Group establishes the mine plan and the operating budget and has the
                        ability to appoint the key management personnel, demonstrating that the Group has the existing rights to direct the relevant activities of Minera
                        Escondida Ltda.
           
           2            The Group has an effective interest of 92.5 per cent in BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd; however, by virtue of the shareholder agreement with
                        ITOCHU Iron Ore Australia Pty Ltd and Mitsui & Co. Iron Ore Exploration & Mining Pty Ltd, the Group’s interest in the Jimblebar mining
                        operation is 85 per cent, which is consistent with the other respective contractual arrangements at Western Australia Iron Ore.
           
                                                                                            F-70
           31           Investments accounted for using the equity method
           Significant interests in equity accounted investments of the Group are those with the most significant contribution to the Group’s net profit or net assets.
           The Group’s ownership interest in significant equity accounted investments results are listed in the table below.
           For a list of the Group’s associates and joint ventures, refer to Exhibit 8.1 – List of Subsidiaries.
           
                                                                                Country of
                                                                              incorporation/                                                        Ownership interest
                                                                                 principal    Associate or
                                                                                  place of        joint        Principal            Reporting        2024       2023
           Significant associates and joint ventures                             business       venture         activity              date            %          %
           Compañía Minera Antamina S.A. (Antamina)                           Peru           Associate     Copper and zinc        31 December         33.75      33.75
                                                                                                           mining
           Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco)                                   Brazil         Joint venture Iron ore mining        31 December          50.00     50.00

           Voting in relation to relevant activities in Antamina, determined to be the approval of the operating and capital budgets, does not require unanimous
           consent of all participants to the arrangement, therefore joint control does not exist. Instead, because the Group has the power to participate in the
           financial and operating policies of the investee, this investment is accounted for as an associate.

           Samarco is jointly owned by BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda (BHP Brasil) and Vale S.A. (Vale). As the Samarco entity has the rights to the assets and
           obligations to the liabilities relating to the joint arrangement and not its owners, this investment is accounted for as a joint venture.

           The Group is restricted in its ability to make dividend payments from its investments in associates and joint ventures as any such payments require the
           approval of all investors in the associates and joint ventures. The ownership interest at the Group’s and the associates’ or joint ventures’ reporting dates
           are the same. When the annual financial reporting date is different to the Group’s, financial information is obtained as at 30 June in order to report on an
           annual basis consistent with the Group’s reporting date.

           The movement for the year in the Group’s investments accounted for using the equity method is as follows:




For personal use only
           
                                                                                                                                                          Total equity
           Year ended 30 June 2024                                                                         Investment in          Investment in            accounted
           US$M                                                                                              associates           joint ventures          investments
           At the beginning of the financial year                                                                   1,620                      –                 1,620
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses1                         376                 (3,032)               (2,656)
           Investment in equity accounted investments                                                                  63                      –                    63
           Dividends received from equity accounted investments                                                      (397)                     –                  (397)
           Other1                                                                                                       –                  3,032                 3,032
           At the end of the financial year                                                                         1,662                      –                 1,662
           
           1            Represents financial impacts of Samarco dam failure in the Group’s loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses.
                        Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information.
           
                                                                                          F-71
           The following table summarises the financial information relating to each of the Group’s significant equity accounted investments.
           
                                                                                       Associates                          Joint ventures
           2024                                                                               Individually                           Individually
           US$M                                                                Antamina       immaterial1          Samarco2           immaterial      Total
           Current assets                                                          1,699                                 564(3)
           Non-current assets                                                      6,325                               7,214
           Current liabilities                                                      (987)                             (3,266)(4)
           Non-current liabilities                                                (2,389)                            (23,211)
           Net assets/(liabilities) – 100%                                         4,648                             (18,699)
           Net assets/(liabilities) – Group share                                  1,569                              (9,349)
           Adjustments to net assets related to accounting policy
             adjustments                                                              (71)                                  –
           Investment in Samarco                                                        –                                 516(6)
           Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                –                              (1,041)(7)
           Additional share of Samarco losses                                           –                               7,891(8)
           Unrecognised losses                                                          –                               1,983(9)
           Carrying amount of investments accounted for using the
             equity method                                                          1,498                164                –                     –   1,662
           Revenue – 100%                                                           4,381                               1,553
           Profit/(loss) from Continuing operations – 100%                          1,353                              (6,726)(10)
           Share of profit/(loss) of equity accounted investments                     457                              (3,363)
           Adjustments to share of profit/(loss) related to accounting
             policy adjustments                                                         8                                  (6)(11)
           Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                –                                   –
           Additional share of Samarco losses                                           –                                 506
           Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                            –                                (199)




For personal use only
           Movement in unrecognised losses                                              –                                  30(9)
           (Loss)/profit from equity accounted investments, related
             impairments and expenses                                                 465                (89)          (3,032)                    –   (2,656)
           Comprehensive income – 100%                                              1,353                              (6,726)
           Share of comprehensive (loss)/income – Group share in
             equity accounted investments                                            465                 (89)          (3,032)                    –   (2,656)
           Dividends received from equity accounted investments                      397                   –                –                     –      397

                                                                                       Associates                           Joint ventures
           2023                                                                               Individually                             Individually
           US$M                                                                Antamina       immaterial1           Samarco2            immaterial    Total
           Current assets                                                          1,519                                  537(3)
           Non-current assets                                                      5,670                                5,739
           Current liabilities                                                      (774)                             (11,167)(4)
           Non-current liabilities                                                (1,944)                             (10,614)
           Net assets/(liabilities) – 100%                                         4,471                              (15,505)
           Net assets/(liabilities) – Group share                                  1,509                               (7,753)
           Adjustments to net assets related to accounting policy
             adjustments                                                              (79)                                291(5)
           Investment in Samarco                                                        –                                 516(6)
           Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                –                             (1,041)(7)
           Additional share of Samarco losses                                           –                               6,034(8)
           Unrecognised losses                                                          –                               1,953(9)
           Carrying amount of investments accounted for using the
             equity method                                                          1,430                190                –                     –   1,620
           Revenue – 100%                                                           4,350                               1,554
           Profit/(loss) from Continuing operations – 100%                          1,571                             (3,018)(10)
           Share of profit/(loss) of equity accounted investments                     530                              (1,509)
           Adjustments to share of profit/(loss) related to accounting
             policy adjustments                                                       (79)                                 23(11)
           Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                –                                   –
           Additional share of Samarco losses                                           –                                 452
           Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                            –                                 471
           Movement in unrecognised losses                                              –                                 778(9)
           Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related
             impairments and expenses                                                 451                (72)             215                     –     594
           Comprehensive income – 100%                                              1,571                             (3,018)
           Share of comprehensive income/(loss) – Group share in equity
             accounted investments                                                   451                 (72)             215                     –     594
           Dividends received from equity accounted investments                      327                   1                –                     –     328
           
                                                                                    F-72
                                                                                                      Associates                        Joint ventures
           2022                                                                                             Individually                          Individually
           US$M                                                                                Antamina      immaterial          Samarco2          immaterial         Total
           Revenue – 100%                                                                         5,264                             1,670
           Profit/(loss) from Continuing operations – 100%                                        2,133                              (528)(10)
           Share of profit/(loss) of equity accounted investments                                   720                              (276)
           Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                              –                                 –
           Additional share of Samarco losses                                                         –                               290
           Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                                          –                               (81)
           Movement in unrecognised losses                                                            –                              (609)(9)
           Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related impairments
             and expenses                                                                             720               (63)          (676)                    –        (19)
           Comprehensive income – 100%                                                              2,133                             (528)
           Share of comprehensive income/(loss) – Group share in equity
             accounted investments                                                                    720               (63)          (676)                    –       (19)
           Dividends received from equity accounted investments                                       776                11              –                     –       787
           
           1            The unrecognised share of gain for the period was US$41 million (2023: unrecognised share of gain for the period was US$76 million), which
                        decreased the cumulative losses to US$100 million (2023: decrease to US$141 million).
           
           2            Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information regarding the financial impact of the Samarco dam failure
                        which occurred in November 2015 on BHP Brasil’s share of Samarco’s losses. The financial information disclosed represents the underlying
                        financial information of Samarco updated to reflect the Group’s best estimate of the costs to resolve all aspects of the Federal Public Prosecution
                        Office claim and Framework Agreement.
           
           3            Includes cash and cash equivalents of US$251 million (2023: US$138 million).
           
           4            Includes current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and provisions) of US$ nil (2023: US$7,154 million).
           




For personal use only
           5            Relates mainly to dividends declared by Samarco that remain unpaid at balance date and which, in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy,
                        are recognised when received not receivable.
           
           6            Any working capital funding provided to Samarco is capitalised as part of the Group’s investments in joint ventures and disclosed as an
                        impairment included within the Samarco impairment expense line item.
           
           7            In the year ended 30 June 2016 BHP Brasil adjusted its investment in Samarco to US$ nil (resulting from US$(655) million share of loss from
                        Samarco and US$(525) million impairment). Additional cumulative impairment losses relating to working capital funding of US$(516) million
                        have also been recognised.
           
           8            BHP Brasil has recognised accumulated additional share of Samarco losses of US$(7,891) million resulting from US$(6,147) million provisions
                        relating to the Samarco dam failure and US$(1,744) million recognised as net finance costs.
           
           9            Share of Samarco’s losses for which BHP Brasil does not have an obligation to fund.
           
           10           Includes depreciation and amortisation of US$165 million (2023: US$144 million; 2022: US$205 million), interest income of US$43 million
                        (2023: US$42 million; 2022: US$19 million), interest expense of US$807 million (2023: US$1,384 million; 2022: US$628 million), other finance
                        income in relation to the Judicial Reorganisation of US$1,756 million (2023: US$ nil; 2022: US$ nil) and income tax benefit/(expense) of
                        US$999 million (2023: US$(213) million; 2022: US$(7) million).
           
           11           Includes accounting policy adjustments mainly related to the removal of foreign exchange gains on excluded dividends payable.
           
                                                                                             F-73
           32           Interests in joint operations
           Significant joint operations of the Group are those with the most significant contributions to the Group’s net profit or net assets. The Group’s interest in
           the joint operations results are listed in the table below. For a list of the Group’s investments in joint operations, refer to Exhibit 8.1 – List of
           Subsidiaries.
           



                                                                                                                                                                  Group’s interest
                                                                                                                                                                  2024       2023
           Significant joint operations                                       Country of operation         Principal activity                                      %          %
           Mt Goldsworthy1                                                    Australia                    Iron ore mining                                           85         85
           Mt Newman1                                                         Australia                    Iron ore mining                                           85         85
           Yandi1                                                             Australia                    Iron ore mining                                           85         85
           Central Queensland Coal Associates                                 Australia                    Coal mining                                               50         50
           
           1            These contractual arrangements are controlled by the Group and do not meet the definition of joint operations. However, as they are formed by
                        contractual arrangement and are not entities, the Group recognises its share of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses arising from these
                        arrangements.

           Assets held in joint operations subject to significant restrictions are as follows:
           
                                                                                                                                                                   Group’s share
                                                                                                                                                                   2024     2023
                                                                                                                                                                   US$M US$M
           Current assets                                                                                                                                           1,928    1,561
           Non-current assets                                                                                                                                      25,307 26,370
           Total assets1                                                                                                                                           27,235 27,931
           
           1            While the Group is unrestricted in its ability to sell a share of its interest in these joint operations, it does not have the right to sell individual assets
                        that are used in these joint operations without the unanimous consent of the other participants. The assets in these joint operations are also




For personal use only
                        restricted to the extent that they are only available to be used by the joint operation itself and not by other operations of the Group.

           33           Related party transactions
           The Group’s related parties are predominantly subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, and key management personnel of the Group. Disclosures
           relating to key management personnel are set out in note 25 ‘Key management personnel’. Transactions between each parent company and its
           subsidiaries are eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note.
           
           •            All transactions to/from related parties are made at arm’s length, i.e. at normal market prices and rates and on normal commercial terms.
           
           •            Outstanding balances at year-end are unsecured and settlement occurs in cash. Loan amounts owing from related parties represent secured loans
                        made to associates and joint ventures under co-funding arrangements. Such loans are made on an arm’s length basis.
           
           •            No guarantees are provided or received for any related party receivables or payables.
           
           •            No provision for expected credit losses has been recognised in relation to any outstanding balances and no expense has been recognised in respect
                        of expected credit losses due from related parties.
           
           •            There were no other related party transactions in the year ended 30 June 2024 (2023: US$ nil), other than those with post-employment benefit
                        plans for the benefit of Group employees. These are shown in note 27 ‘Employee benefits, restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits
                        provisions’.
           
           •            Related party transactions with Samarco are described in note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’.

           Further disclosures related to related party transactions are as follows:


           Transactions with related parties
           
                                                                                                                                  Joint ventures                 Associates
                                                                                                                                 2024       2023            2024           2023
                                                                                                                                US$M       US$M            US$M           US$M
           Sales of goods/services                                                                                                    –          –                –              –
           Purchases of goods/services                                                                                                –          –        1,606.639      1,589.094
           Interest income                                                                                                            –          –                –              –
           Interest expense                                                                                                           –          –                –              –
           Dividends received                                                                                                         –          –          396.856        327.679
           Net loans made to/(repayments from) related parties                                                                        –          –                –              –


           Outstanding balances with related parties
           
                                                                                                                                    Joint ventures               Associates
                                                                                                                                   2024       2023           2024         2023
                                                                                                                                  US$M       US$M           US$M         US$M
           Trade amounts owing to related parties                                                                                       –          –        246.764      246.239
           Loan amounts owing to related parties                                                                                        –          –              –             –
           Trade amounts owing from related parties                                                                                     –          –          0.249         6.730
           Loan amounts owing from related parties                                                                                      –          –              –             –
           
                                                                                                 F-74
           Unrecognised items and uncertain events
           34           Contingent liabilities
           
                                                                                                                                                                2024       2023
                                                                                                                                                                US$M       US$M
           Associates and joint ventures1                                                                                                                        1,492      1,094
           Subsidiaries and joint operations1                                                                                                                      859      1,184
           Total                                                                                                                                                 2,351      2,278
           
           1            There are a number of matters, for which it is not possible at this time to provide a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of potential
                        future exposures, and for which no amounts have been included in the table above.

           A contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by occurrence or non-occurrence of
           one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. A contingent liability may also be a present obligation arising from past
           events but is not recognised on the basis that an outflow of economic resources to settle the obligation is not viewed as probable, or the amount of the
           obligation cannot be reliably measured.

           When the Group has a present obligation, an outflow of economic resources is assessed as probable and the Group can reliably measure the obligation, a
           provision is recognised.

           The Group has entered into various counter-indemnities of bank and performance guarantees related to its own future performance, which are in the
           normal course of business. The likelihood of these guarantees being called upon is considered remote.

           The Group presently has tax matters, litigation and other claims, for which the timing of resolution and potential economic outflow are uncertain.
           Obligations assessed as having probable future economic outflows capable of reliable measurement are provided at reporting date and matters assessed
           as having possible future economic outflows capable of reliable measurement are included in the total amount of contingent liabilities above.




For personal use only
           Individually significant matters, including narrative on potential future exposures incapable of reliable measurement, are disclosed below, to the extent
           that disclosure does not prejudice the Group.
           
           Uncertain tax and royalty             The Group is subject to a range of taxes and royalties across many jurisdictions, the application of which is uncertain in
           matters                               some regards. Changes in tax law, changes in interpretation of tax law, periodic challenges and disagreements with tax
                                                 authorities, and legal proceedings result in uncertainty of the outcome of the application of taxes and royalties to the
                                                 Group’s business.
                                                 To the extent uncertain tax and royalty matters give rise to a contingent liability, an estimate of the potential liability is
                                                 included within the table above, where it is capable of reliable measurement.
           Samarco contingent                    The table above includes contingent liabilities related to the Group’s equity accounted investment in Samarco to the
           liabilities                           extent they are capable of reliable measurement. Details of contingent liabilities related to Samarco are disclosed in note 4
                                                 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’.
           Divestments and                       Where the Group divests or demerges entities, it is generally agreed to provide certain indemnities to the acquiring or
           demergers                             demerged entity. Such indemnities include those provided as part of the demerger of South32 Ltd in May 2015,
                                                 divestment of Group’s Onshore US assets in September 2018 and October 2018, divestment of BMC in May 2022 and the
                                                 merger of the Group’s Petroleum business with Woodside in June 2022. No material claims have been made pursuant to
                                                 these indemnities as at 30 June 2024.


           35           Subsequent events
           On 30 July 2024, the Group announced an agreement with Lundin Mining to jointly acquire 100% of Filo Corp., a Toronto Stock Exchange listed
           company which owns the Filo del Sol (FDS) copper project. BHP and Lundin Mining also agreed to form a 50/50 joint venture to hold the FDS and
           Josemaria projects located in the Vicuña district of Argentina and Chile (together with the Filo Acquisition, the Proposed Transaction). Lundin Mining
           owns 100% of the Josemaria project. BHP’s total cash payment for the Proposed Transaction is expected to be approximately US$2.1 billion. In
           connection with the Filo Acquisition, BHP and Lundin Mining have also agreed to subscribe for 3,484,848 common shares of Filo Corp. at a price of
           C$33.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of C$115 million (the Filo Share Placement) to provide interim financing to Filo Corp.

           Other than the matters outlined above or elsewhere in the Financial Statements, no matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the financial
           year that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations, results of operations or state of affairs of the Group in subsequent
           accounting periods.
           
                                                                                               F-75
           Other items

           36           Auditor’s remuneration
           
                                                                                                                                         2024         2023     2022
                                                                                                                                         US$M         US$M     US$M
           Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for assurance services
           Audit of the Group’s Annual Report                                                                                             10.558       9.700    9.816
           Audit of the accounts of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                            0.534       0.551    0.605
           Audit-related assurance services required by legislation to be provided by the auditor                                          1.871       1.808    1.933
           Other assurance and agreed-upon procedures under legislation or contractual arrangements                                        2.261       1.991    7.938
           Total assurance services                                                                                                       15.224      14.050   20.292
           Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for non-assurance services
           Other services                                                                                                                  0.498       0.180        –
           Total other services                                                                                                            0.498       0.180        –
           Total fees                                                                                                                     15.722      14.230   20.292

           All amounts were paid to EY or EY affiliated firms with fees determined, and predominantly billed, in US dollars.


           Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for assurance services
           Audit of the Group’s Annual Report comprises fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the Group and includes audit work in relation to
           compliance with section 404 of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

           Audit-related assurance services required by legislation to be provided by the auditors mainly comprises review of the half-year report.

           Other assurance services comprise assurance in respect of the Group’s sustainability reporting, economic contribution reporting, and other non-statutory




For personal use only
           reporting.


           Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for other services
           Other services provided in FY2024 and FY2023 primarily relate to an independent assessment of technology project governance. No amounts were
           payable for other services in FY2022.


           37           Not required for US reporting

           38           Not required for US reporting
           
                                                                                     F-76
           39           New and amended accounting standards and interpretations and changes to accounting policies
           New and amended accounting pronouncements adopted in the current year
           Amendment to IAS 12/AASB112 ‘Income taxes’ (IAS 12)
           At 30 June 2023, the Group adopted amendments to IAS 12 issued by the IASB and AASB on 23 May 2023 and 27 June 2023, respectively, in relation
           to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Pillar
           Two income tax. The amendments introduced a temporary exception to the requirements of IAS 12 under which a company does not recognise or
           disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the proposed Pillar Two model rules.

           At 30 June 2024, having applied the temporary exception in the prior reporting period, the Group is required to disclose the potential impacts of Pillar
           Two income taxes.

           Refer to note 6 ‘Income tax expense’ for more information.


           Amendment to IAS 1/AASB 101 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’ (IAS 1)
           On 1 July 2023, the Group adopted amendments to IAS 1 that require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than their
           significant accounting policies. The amendments did not significantly impact the Group’s Financial Statements.


           New and amended accounting pronouncements on issue but not yet effective
           IFRS 18/AASB 18 ‘Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’ (IFRS 18)
           On 9 April 2024 and 14 June 2024, the IASB and AASB, respectively, issued IFRS 18 which will replace IAS 1 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’
           for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027, with early application permitted.

           IFRS 18 introduces new requirements on presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. It also requires
           disclosure of management-defined performance measures and includes new requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of financial information




For personal use only
           based on the identified roles of the primary financial statements and the notes. Further, the classification of interest and dividends within the statement of
           cash flows will change for some entities. Management is currently assessing the impact of IFRS 18 on presentation and disclosures in the Group’s
           Financial Statements.

           A number of other accounting standards and interpretations have been issued and will be applicable in future periods. While these remain subject to
           ongoing assessment, no significant impacts have been identified to date.

           These pronouncements have not been applied in the preparation of these Financial Statements.
           
                                                                                       F-77
           1A           Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

           Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

           To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BHP Group Limited

           Opinion on the Financial Statements
           We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BHP Group Limited (the “Company”) as of 30 June 2024 and 2023, the related
           consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity, and consolidated cash
           flow statements for each of the three years in the period ended 30 June 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial
           statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at
           30 June 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 30 June 2024, in conformity
           with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

           We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the
           Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of 30 June 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
           the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated 30 August 2024 expressed an
           unqualified opinion thereon.


           Basis for Opinion
           These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
           statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
           Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
           the PCAOB.

           We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain




For personal use only
           reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether to due to error or fraud. Our audits included
           performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
           that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
           statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
           overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


           Critical Audit Matters
           The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or
           required to be communicated to the Risk and Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
           and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way
           our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing
           separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
           
                                                                                      F-78
                                                      Carrying value of property, plant and equipment

           Description of the Matter                  As disclosed in Note 11 and Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded
                                                      US$71,629 million in property, plant and equipment as of 30 June 2024 and recognised an impairment
                                                      charge of US$3,800 million related to the Western Australia Nickel cash generating unit (“CGU”). The
                                                      Company performed impairment tests for all CGUs where there were indicators of impairment. Where
                                                      such indicators existed, the Company estimated the recoverable amount to be the higher of a CGU’s
                                                      value in use and its fair value less cost of disposal.

                                                      Auditing management’s assessment of indicators of impairment and impairment reversal and estimate
                                                      of recoverable amount was complex due to the high degree of estimation uncertainty in forecasting the
                                                      future cash flows for each CGU. Specifically, estimated future cash flows are sensitive to changes in
                                                      significant assumptions, such as forecast commodity prices, production quantities, discount rates,
                                                      carbon price assumptions and the cost of decarbonisation projects.

           How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the
                                                      controls over the Company’s process to assess indicators of impairment or impairment reversal and to
                                                      estimate the recoverable amount of the CGU for which an indicator of impairment was identified.

                                                      We performed an analysis for indicators of impairment and impairment reversal. Our procedures
                                                      involved assessing the key inputs such as forecast commodity prices, production quantities, discount
                                                      rates and the impact of climate change used in the assessment of indicators of impairment or
                                                      impairment reversal.

                                                      We involved our valuation and climate change specialists to assist in assessing the reasonableness of
                                                      commodity and carbon prices by comparing the forecasted commodity and carbon price assumptions to
                                                      analyst and broker forecasts and those used by other market participants.




For personal use only
                                                      In addition, our valuation specialists assisted in testing the discount rates used, including a comparison
                                                      to external market data and evaluating whether the valuation methodology used was consistent with
                                                      industry practice.

                                                      To test the reserve quantities, we examined the information provided by the Company’s experts and we
                                                      involved our mining reserve specialists to assist in the assessment of the reserve estimation
                                                      methodology against the relevant industry and regulatory guidance.

                                                      With the assistance of our climate change specialists, we tested whether the Company’s forecast cash
                                                      flows incorporated the costs of the Company’s decarbonisation plans.

                                                      We tested the mathematical accuracy of the models used and we assessed the competence,
                                                      qualifications, and objectivity of management’s internal and external specialists.

                                                      In respect to the Western Australia Nickel CGU impairment, we performed testing of management’s
                                                      estimate of the recoverable amount that included, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions
                                                      used and compared the forecast cash flows against approved budgets and plans and evaluated the
                                                      accuracy of prior year budgets against current year performance.

                                                      Finally, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures within Notes 11, 13 and 16 of the consolidated
                                                      financial statements.
           
                                                                                F-79
                                                      Closure and rehabilitation provisions

           Description of the Matter                  As disclosed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded
                                                      US$9,837 million in closure and rehabilitation provisions as at 30 June 2024.

                                                      Provisions for closure and rehabilitation are recognised by the Company when there is a present legal
                                                      or constructive obligation, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
                                                      obligation, and the amount can be reliably estimated.

                                                      The Company estimates the individual site provisions using the expected value of future cash flows
                                                      required to close and rehabilitate the relevant site using current restoration standards and techniques
                                                      and taking into account risks and uncertainties. Individual site provisions are discounted to the present
                                                      value using currency specific risk-free discount rates aligned to the estimated timing of cash outflows.

                                                      Auditing management’s closure and rehabilitation provisions was complex and highly judgemental due
                                                      to the significant estimation uncertainty within the key assumptions. Specifically, there was significant
                                                      judgement in determining the expected life of sites including the impact of climate change, estimated
                                                      cost and extent of rehabilitation activities, timing of activities, and the discount rates used. As a result
                                                      of these inputs the provisions have a significant estimation uncertainty and a wide range of potential
                                                      outcomes.

           How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls
                                                      over the Company’s closure and rehabilitation provision estimate process. Specifically, our procedures
                                                      involved testing the controls around the significant estimates and assumptions, such as the costs
                                                      associated with future closure activities, the extent and period of post-closure monitoring and
                                                      maintenance, the impact of climate change, and the timing of cash flows and closure of operations.

                                                      Our procedures included evaluation of the completeness and accuracy of data used within




For personal use only
                                                      management’s estimate.

                                                      We tested that the future closure and rehabilitation costs were consistent with the closure plans prepared
                                                      by management’s internal specialists. We compared the expected life of sites and resulting timing of
                                                      closure activities used in the provision to the life of asset plans prepared by management’s internal
                                                      specialists.

                                                      With the assistance of our rehabilitation specialists, we evaluated a sample of closure and rehabilitation
                                                      provisions for operating and closed sites. Our testing included evaluating the closure and rehabilitation
                                                      plans based on the relevant legal and regulatory requirements. In addition, we compared the timing of
                                                      future cash flows and cost estimates against the closure and rehabilitation plan, environmental studies,
                                                      and industrial practices.

                                                      We evaluated the discount rates used against market data.

                                                      With the assistance of both our climate change and rehabilitation specialists, we evaluated the
                                                      Company’s consideration of climate change, estimates related to post closure monitoring and
                                                      maintenance and the timing of closure activities impacted by mine operating lives within the closure
                                                      and rehabilitation provision.

                                                      We tested the mathematical accuracy of the closure and rehabilitation provision calculations and
                                                      assessed the competence, qualifications, and objectivity of management’s internal and external
                                                      specialists. Finally, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures within Notes 15 and 16 to the
                                                      consolidated financial statements.
           
                                                                                F-80
                                                         Samarco dam failure provisions recognised and the contingent liabilities disclosed

           Description of the Matter                     As described in Notes 3, 4, and 34 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded a
                                                         loss of US$3,677 million (pre-tax) for the year ended 30 June 2024 and recognised provisions of
                                                         US$6,505 million for the Samarco dam failure as of 30 June 2024. The Company recognises a
                                                         provision when it has a present obligation, and an outflow of economic resources is probable, and the
                                                         obligation can be reliably measured. Contingent liabilities related to the Samarco dam failure are
                                                         disclosed in Note 34.

                                                         Auditing management’s estimate of the Samarco dam failure provisions and contingent liabilities
                                                         disclosure was complex and highly judgemental due to the significant estimation uncertainty in
                                                         determining the terms of any potential future outcome of the settlement negotiations and the
                                                         measurement and completeness of future cash outflows, including the quantification of costs to resolve
                                                         all aspects of the Federal Public Prosecution Office claim, being reparation, compensation and moral
                                                         damages and the terms of the Framework Agreement. There was also significant judgement in
                                                         determining the nature and extent of remediation activities, the cost estimates for remediation, the
                                                         number and categorisation of impacted people entitled to compensation and the extent to which
                                                         Samarco is able to directly fund any future obligations. As a result of these inputs the provision has a
                                                         significant estimation uncertainty and a wide range of potential outcomes.

           How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit      We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the
                                                         Company’s controls in determining the Samarco dam failure provisions and contingent liabilities and
                                                         the relevant disclosures within the consolidated financial statements. Specifically, we tested
                                                         management’s controls over the significant assumptions as described above and the completeness and
                                                         accuracy of data used within management’s estimates.

                                                         To test the provisions, we performed audit procedures that included, amongst others, assessing
                                                         methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and underlying data used by the




For personal use only
                                                         Company in its analysis. We tested a sample of cost estimates used to source documents. We compared
                                                         the nature and extent of activities included in the forecasted cash flows to the Federal Public
                                                         Prosecution Office claim and the Framework Agreement. We tested the extent to which Samarco is able
                                                         to directly fund any future obligations. We also tested the mathematical accuracy of the models used to
                                                         calculate the provisions. To assess management’s ability to forecast, we compared the prior years
                                                         forecasted cash flows to actual results and understood key differences.

                                                         To assess the status of claims and contingent liability disclosures, we held discussions with the
                                                         Company’s internal legal counsel regarding ongoing Samarco dam failure litigation matters. In
                                                         addition, we obtained legal confirmations and inspected communications with the Company’s external
                                                         legal counsel.

                                                         We evaluated the competence, qualifications and objectivity of the Company’s experts who assisted
                                                         management in estimating the provision by considering the scope of work, their professional
                                                         qualifications and remuneration structure. We also assessed the adequacy and completeness of the
                                                         disclosures within Notes 4 and 34 to the consolidated financial statements.


           /s/ Ernst & Young

           We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019.

           Melbourne, Australia
           30 August 2024
           
                                                                                  F-81
           Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

           To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BHP Group Limited

           Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
           We have audited BHP Group Limited’s internal control over financial reporting as of 30 June 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control –
           Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the “COSO criteria”). In
           our opinion, BHP Group Limited (the “Company”) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of 30 June
           2024, based on the COSO criteria.

           We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the
           consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of 30 June 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of
           comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes of equity, and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the three years in the period
           ended 30 June 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”) and our report dated 30 August 2024
           expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


           Basis for Opinion
           The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
           of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying section 9.2 Corporate Governance Statement / Management’s assessment of
           internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on
           our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
           with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

           We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
           reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.




For personal use only
           Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
           evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
           necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


           Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
           A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
           reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
           internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
           accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
           recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
           expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
           reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a
           material effect on the financial statements.

           Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
           of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
           compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

           /s/ Ernst & Young

           Melbourne, Australia
           30 August 2024
           
                                                                                      F-82
           2            Not required for US reporting
           
                                                        F-83




For personal use only
           3            Directors’ declaration
           In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of BHP Group Limited, the Directors declare that:
           
           (a)          in the Directors’ opinion the Financial Statements and notes are in accordance with the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
           
                        (i)    complying with the applicable Accounting Standards and the Australian Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth); and
           
                        (ii)   giving a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of BHP Group Limited and the Group as at 30 June
                               2024 and of their performance for the year ended 30 June 2024
           
           (b)          [Intentionally omitted]
           
           (c)          the Financial Statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards, as disclosed in the Basis of preparation to the Financial
                        Statements
           
           (d)          to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the management report (comprising the Operating and Financial Review and Directors’ Report) includes a
                        fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of BHP Group Limited and the undertakings included in the
                        consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that the Group faces
           
           (e)          in the Directors’ opinion there are reasonable grounds to believe that BHP Group Limited will be able to pay its debts as and when they become
                        due and payable
           
           (f)          as at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that BHP Group Limited and each of the members of the Closed Group
                        identified in Exhibit 8.1 - List of Subsidiaries will be able to meet any liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject because of the Deed of
                        Cross Guarantee between BHP Group Limited and those group entities pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument
                        2016/785 and, in respect of OZ Minerals Pty Ltd, ASIC Instrument 24-0213
           
           (g)          the Directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) from the Chief Executive
                        Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2024




For personal use only
           Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.
           

           /s/ Ken MacKenzie
           Ken MacKenzie
           Chair
           
           /s/ Mike Henry
           Mike Henry
           Chief Executive Officer

           27 August 2024
           
                                                                                              F-84
           4            Not required for US reporting

           5            Included as section 1A
           
                                                        F-85




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                          Exhibit 2.1

                                                              Description of rights of each class of securities
                                         registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”)
           American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) representing two ordinary shares (the “shares”) of BHP Group Limited (“BHP”) are listed and traded on the
           New York Stock Exchange and, in connection with this listing (but not for trading), the shares are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.
           This exhibit contains a description of the rights of (i) the holders of shares and (ii) ADS holders. Shares underlying the ADSs are held by Citibank N.A.,
           as depositary, and holders of ADSs will not be treated as holders of the shares.


           Shares
           Type and Class of Securities (Item 9.A.5 of Form 20-F)
           BHP’s shares are of no par value. The number of shares that have been issued as of the last day of the financial year ended June 30, 2024 is given in
           Note 17 ‘Share capital’ in the Financial Statements of the Form 20-F for the financial year ended June 30, 2024 (the “Form 20-F”). BHP’s shares are
           uncertificated registered shares, and may be transferred electronically through trading on the stock exchanges on which they are listed. Under BHP’s
           constitution, the Board of Directors has a power to refuse to register any transfer of securities where the registration would result in a contravention of
           (or failure to observe) any applicable law or the listing rules of ASX Limited (“ASX Listing Rules”), where BHP has a lien over the securities, where the
           securities are subject to forfeit, where the transfer would be in favor of more than four persons jointly, or where otherwise permitted under the ASX
           Listing Rules.


           Preemptive Rights (Item 9.A.3 of Form 20-F)
           Not applicable.


           Limitations or Qualifications (Item 9.A.6 of Form 20-F)
           A description of how the constitution of BHP limits or qualifies the rights of the shares is provided in sections “Additional information – 9.4




For personal use only
           Constitution – Rights attaching to shares” and “Additional information – 9.4 Constitution – Redemption of preference shares” of the Form 20-F.


           Other Rights (Item 9.A.7 of Form 20-F)
           Not applicable.


           Rights of the Shares (Item 10.B.3 of Form 20-F)
           See sections “Additional information – 9.4 Constitution”, “Additional information – 9.5 Share ownership” and “Additional information – 9.6
           Dividends” of the Form 20-F.


           Requirements for Amendments (Item 10.B.4 of Form 20-F)
           See section “Additional information – 9.4 Constitution – Variation of class rights” of the Form 20-F.


           Limitations on the Rights to Own Shares (Item 10.B.6 of Form 20-F)
           See sections “Additional information – 9.4 Constitution – Limitations of rights to own securities” and “Additional information – 9.8 Governmental
           regulations – Shareholding limits” of the Form 20-F.


           Provisions Affecting Any Change of Control (Item 10.B.7 of Form 20-F)
           Not applicable.
           Ownership Threshold (Item 10.B.8 of Form 20-F)
           There are no provisions in BHP’s constitution governing the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership must be disclosed. Shareholders
           will, however, be required to disclose shareholder ownership in accordance with the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Australian
           Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth), and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority.


           Differences Between the Law of Different Jurisdictions (Item 10.B.9 of Form 20-F)
           See “Rights of the Shares” and “Limitations on the Rights to Own Shares” above.


           Changes in Capital (Item 10.B.10 of Form 20-F)
           Not applicable.


           American Depositary Shares (Items 12.D.1 and 12.D.2 of Form 20-F)
           Citibank, N.A., as depositary, will issue the ADSs representing shares. Citibank, N.A., has been appointed as the depositary pursuant to the deposit
           agreement among the depositary, the holders the ADSs thereunder, and BHP (as amended, the “deposit agreement”). Each ADS represents two shares.
           The depositary’s principal office at which the ADSs will be administered is located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10036.

           You may hold ADSs either directly or indirectly through your broker or other financial institution. If you hold ADSs directly, by having ADSs registered
           in your name on the books of the depositary, you are an ADS holder. This description assumes you hold your ADSs directly. If you hold the ADSs
           indirectly, you must rely on the procedures of your broker or other financial institution to assert the rights of ADS holders described in this section. You
           should consult with your broker or financial institution to find out what those procedures are. Your ADSs may be issued on the books of the depositary
           in book-entry form, in which case your ADSs will be held through the depositary’s direct registration system reflecting your ownership of these ADSs,
           or your ADSs may be evidenced by one or more American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”).

           As an ADS holder, BHP will not treat you as one of its shareholders and you will not have shareholder rights. The depositary or its nominee will be the
           holder of record of the shares underlying your ADSs. As a holder of ADSs, you will have ADS holder rights. The deposit agreement entered into among




For personal use only
           BHP, the depositary, you, as an ADS holder, and the other holders and beneficial owners of ADSs sets out ADS holder rights as well as the rights and
           obligations of the depositary. New York law governs the deposit agreement and the ADRs. Because the depositary or its nominee will actually be the
           record owner of the shares, you must rely on it to exercise the rights of a shareholder on your behalf.

           The following is a summary of the material provisions of the deposit agreement. For more complete information, you should read the deposit agreement
           and form of ADR. The deposit agreement has been filed with the SEC as an exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form F-6 (File No. 333-259259) on
           September 2, 2021 and as amended on July 29, 2022. The form of ADR has been filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022 as an exhibit to that Registration
           Statement.


           Voting Rights
           How do you vote?
           You may instruct the depositary to vote the shares underlying your ADSs, but only if BHP requests the depositary to ask for your instructions.
           Otherwise, you will be unable to exercise your right to vote unless you withdraw the shares. However, you may not have sufficient advance notice of the
           meeting in order to withdraw the shares in time to exercise your right to vote.

           If BHP requires the depositary to ask for your instructions, the depositary will notify you of the upcoming vote and, upon receipt of voting materials
           from BHP, will arrange to deliver BHP voting materials to you. The materials will (1) describe the matters to be voted on and (2) explain how you may
           instruct the depositary to vote the shares or other deposited securities underlying your ADSs as you direct. For instructions to be valid, the depositary
           must receive them on or before the date specified in the voting materials. The depositary has agreed that it will try to vote or to have its agents vote the
           shares or other deposited securities as you instruct, insofar as it is practicable and permitted under applicable law, the deposit agreement, the provisions
           of the deposited securities and BHP’s constitution. The depositary will only vote or attempt to vote as you instruct.

                                                                                        -2-
           If no voting instructions are received by the depositary from you with respect to any of the deposited securities represented by the ADSs on or before the
           date established by the depositary for submission of such instructions, the depositary will not vote such deposited securities. Voting instructions received
           from ADS holders will be aggregated and the depositary will try to vote or cause to be voted the deposited securities in accordance with these voting
           instructions.

           BHP cannot assure you that you will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the depositary to vote the shares underlying your
           ADSs. In addition, the depositary and its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions or for the manner of carrying out voting
           instructions, provided that such nonaction or action is in good faith. This means that you may not be able to exercise your right to vote and there may be
           nothing you can do if the shares underlying your ADSs are not voted as you requested.


           Dividends and Other Distributions
           How will you receive dividends and other distributions on the shares?
           The depositary has agreed to pay to you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on shares or other deposited securities, after
           converting any cash received into U.S. dollars, and, in all cases, deducting its fees and expenses and any taxes required to be withheld. You will receive
           these distributions in proportion to the number of shares your ADSs represent.

           Cash. The depositary will convert any cash dividend or other cash distribution BHP pays on the shares into U.S. dollars, if it can do so on a reasonable
           basis and can transfer the U.S. dollars to the United States. If that is not possible or if any government approval is needed and cannot be obtained, the
           deposit agreement allows the depositary to distribute the foreign currency only to those ADS holders to whom it is possible to do so. It will hold the
           foreign currency it cannot convert for the account of the ADS holders who have not been paid. It will not invest the foreign currency and it will not be
           liable for any interest.

           Before making a distribution, any withholding taxes that must be paid will be deducted. In addition, before any distribution, the fees and expenses of the
           depositary will be deducted. It will distribute only whole U.S. dollars and cents. If the exchange rates fluctuate during a time when the depositary cannot
           convert the foreign currency, you may lose some or all of the value of the distribution.

           Shares. The depositary may distribute additional ADSs representing any shares BHP distributes as a dividend or free distribution of shares. The




For personal use only
           depositary will only distribute whole ADSs. In lieu of delivering fractional ADSs, the depositary will sell shares or ADSs by public or private sale and
           distribute the net proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. If the depositary does not distribute additional ADSs, the outstanding ADSs will also
           represent the new shares.

           Rights to purchase additional shares. If BHP offers holders of its securities any rights to subscribe for additional shares, the depositary will make these
           rights available to you if (i) BHP has timely requested such rights be made available to you, (ii) BHP shall have delivered to the depositary satisfactory
           documentation in accordance with the deposit agreement and (iii) the depositary shall have determined such distribution is reasonably practicable. If the
           depositary decides it is not reasonably practicable to make the rights available, BHP does not meet the requirements of (i) or (ii) above, or any rights are
           not exercised and appear to be about to lapse, but that it is legal and practical to sell the rights, the depositary will sell the rights and distribute the
           proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. The depositary will allow rights that are not distributed or sold to lapse. In that case, you will receive no
           value for them.

                                                                                        -3-
           Other distributions. The depositary will distribute to you any property distributed on deposited securities, other than cash, shares and rights, provided
           that (i) BHP has timely requested such distribution be made available to you, (ii) BHP shall have delivered satisfactory documentation in accordance
           with the deposit agreement and (iii) the depositary shall have determined such distribution to be reasonably practicable. The depositary will make any
           such distribution in such manner it deems practicable. If it cannot make the distribution BHP determines to be distributed to you, it will sell such
           property in whatever means it deems practicable and distribute the net proceeds, in the same way as it does with cash.

           Neither BHP nor the depositary is responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impracticable to make a distribution available to any ADS holders. BHP
           has no obligation to register ADSs, shares, rights or other securities under the Securities Act. BHP also has no obligation to take any other action to
           permit the distribution of ADSs, ADRs, shares, rights or anything else to ADS holders. This means that you may not receive the distributions BHP
           makes on the shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for BHP to make them available to you. There can be no assurance that the
           depositary will be able to convert any currency at a specified exchange rate or sell any property, rights or shares or the securities at a specified price, nor
           that any such transaction can be completed in a specified time.


           Notices and Reports
           The depositary will make available for ADS holders’ inspection at its principal office any notices, reports and communications, including any proxy
           soliciting material, that it receives from BHP, if those notices, reports and communications are both (a) received by the depositary as the holder of the
           deposited securities and (b) made generally available by BHP to the holders of the deposited securities. The depositary will also make available to ADS
           holders copies of such reports when furnished by BHP pursuant to the deposit agreement. In addition, BHP is subject to the periodic reporting
           requirements of the Exchange Act and, accordingly, file certain reports with the SEC. Such reports and documents can be retrieved from the SEC’s
           website (www.sec.gov).


           Reclassifications, Recapitalizations and Mergers
           If BHP takes certain actions that affect the deposited securities, including (i) any change in par value, split up, cancellation, consolidation or other
           reclassification of deposited securities or (ii) any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets affecting BHP or to which it is a
           party, then the depositary may choose to:
           •            issue and deliver additional ADSs as in the case of a share dividend;




For personal use only
           •            amend the deposit agreement and the ADRs;
           •            amend the applicable Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed with the SEC in respect of the ADSs;
           •            call for the surrender of outstanding ADRs to be exchanged for new ADRs; and
           •            take any other actions as are reasonably requested by BHP or as the depositary, in consultation with BHP, considers appropriate to reflect the
                        transaction.


           Amendment and Termination
           How may the deposit agreement be amended?
           BHP may agree with the depositary to amend the deposit agreement and the form of the ADRs without your consent if BHP and the depositary deem it
           necessary or desirable. If an amendment adds or increases fees or charges (other than charges in connection with foreign exchange control regulations,
           and taxes and other governmental charges, delivery and other such expenses), or materially prejudices a substantial right of ADS holders, it will not
           become effective for outstanding ADRs until 30 days after the ADS holders have been given notice of the amendment. At the time an amendment
           becomes effective, you are considered, by continuing to hold your ADSs, to agree to the amendment and to be bound by the form of the ADRs and the
           deposit agreement as amended.


           How may the deposit agreement be terminated?
           The depositary will terminate the deposit agreement at BHP’s direction by distributing notice of termination to the ADS holders then outstanding at least
           90 days prior to the date fixed in such notice for such termination. If, at any time, 90 days shall have expired after the depositary shall have delivered to
           BHP a written notice of its election to resign or BHP has delivered to the depositary written notice of BHP’s election to remove the depositary, and a
           successor depositary shall not have been appointed and have accepted its appointment, the depositary may also terminate the deposit agreement by
           providing notice of termination at least 90 days prior to the date of termination to BHP and the holders of ADSs then outstanding.

                                                                                                -4-
           After termination, the depositary and its agents will do the following under the deposit agreement but nothing else: collect dividends and distributions on
           the deposited securities, sell rights and other property received in respect of deposited securities, deliver shares and other deposited securities upon
           cancellation of ADSs and take such actions as may be required under applicable law in connection with its role as depositary. At any time after
           termination, the depositary may sell any remaining deposited securities by public or private sale. After that, the depositary will hold the money it
           received from the sale, as well as any other cash it is holding under the deposit agreement for the pro rata benefit of the ADS holders that have not
           surrendered their ADSs. The depositary will not invest the money and has no liability for interest. The depositary’s only obligations will be to account
           for the money and other cash, and other obligations as may be required under applicable law in connection with the termination of the deposit
           agreement. After termination, BHP’s only obligations will be to indemnify the depositary and to pay fees and expenses of the depositary that BHP
           agreed to pay.


           Inspection of Transfer Books
           The depositary will keep books at its principal office for the registration and transfer of ADSs, which will be open for your inspection at all reasonable
           times. However, such inspection shall not be for the purpose of communicating with other owners of ADSs in the interest of a business or object other
           than BHP’s business or other than a matter related to the deposit agreement or the ADSs.


           Deposit, Withdrawal and Cancellation
           How are ADSs issued?
           The depositary will issue ADSs if you or your broker deposit shares or evidence of rights to receive shares with the custodian and pay fees and expenses
           and any taxes or charges, such as share transfer registration fees owing to the depositary under the deposit agreement. Shares deposited with the
           custodian must be accompanied by certain delivery documentation, including documentation showing confirmation of the book-entry transfer and
           recordation of the shares to the custodian or that such irrevocable instructions have been given and any necessary governmental approvals have been
           obtained. Upon each deposit of shares, receipt of related delivery documentation and compliance with the other provisions of the deposit agreement,
           including the payment of the fees and charges of the depositary and any taxes or other fees or charges owing, the depositary will issue ADSs in the name
           or upon the order of the person entitled thereto.

           All of the ADSs issued will be part of the depositary’s direct registration system, and a registered holder will receive periodic statements from the




For personal use only
           depositary which will show the number of ADSs registered in such holder’s name. An ADS holder can request that the ADSs not be held through the
           depositary’s direct registration system and that an ADR be issued. The custodian will not accept a deposit of fractional shares or a number of shares
           which would give rise to fractional ADSs.

           The custodian will hold all deposited shares for the account of the depositary. ADS holders thus have no direct ownership interest in the shares and only
           have such rights as are contained in the deposit agreement. The custodian will also hold any additional securities, property and cash received on or in
           substitution for the deposited shares. The deposited shares and any such additional items are referred to as “deposited securities”.


           How do ADS holders cancel an ADS and obtain shares?
           You may turn in your ADRs at the depositary’s principal office or, in the case of direct registration ADS, provide proper instructions and documentation
           for cancellation of ADSs. Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as share transfer registration fees, the depositary will
           deliver the shares represented by the corresponding amount of ADSs or ADRs and any other deposited securities underlying the ADSs or ADRs to you
           or a person you designate in accordance with your order. Any dividends or other cash held in respect of the deposited securities so delivered shall be
           delivered to you at the office of the custodian, or, at your request, risk and expense, the depositary will direct the custodian to forward (to the extent
           permitted by law) any cash or other property (other than securities) for delivery at its principal office.

                                                                                       -5-
           The depositary shall not accept for surrender ADSs representing less than one share. In the case of delivery to it of ADSs representing a number other
           than a whole number of shares, the depositary shall cause ownership of the appropriate whole number of shares to be delivered in accordance with the
           deposit agreement, and shall, at the discretion of the depositary, either (i) return to the person surrendering such ADSs the number of ADSs representing
           any remaining fractional share, or (ii) sell or cause to be sold the fractional share represented by the ADSs so surrendered and remit the proceeds of such
           sale (net of (a) applicable fees and charges of, and expenses incurred by, the depositary and (b) taxes withheld) to the person surrendering the ADSs.


           Requirements for Depositary Actions
           Before the depositary will take certain actions, including deliver or register a transfer of an ADS, make a distribution on an ADS, or permit withdrawal
           of shares, the depositary may require:
           •            payment for any tax or other governmental charges and share transfer or registration fee with respect thereto and payment of any applicable fees
                        and charges of the depositary;
           •            satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or any other matters contemplated by the deposit agreement; and
           •            compliance with any laws or governmental regulations, or such reasonable regulations that the depositary and BHP may establish consistent with
                        the deposit agreement.

           The depositary may refuse to deliver ADSs or register transfers of ADSs generally when the transfer books of the depositary or BHP’s transfer books are
           closed or if any such action is deemed necessary or advisable by the depositary or BHP, in good faith, at any time or from time to time because of any
           requirement of law or regulation, any government or governmental body or commission or any securities exchange on which shares or ADSs are listed,
           or under any provision of the deposit agreement or ADRs, if applicable, or under any provision of, or governing, the deposited securities, or because of a
           meeting of BHP’s shareholders or for any other reason, subject, in all cases to compliance with U.S. securities laws.


           Your Right to Receive the Shares Underlying Your ADSs
           You have the right to cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying shares at any time except:
           •            when temporary delays arise because: (i) the depositary has closed its transfer books or BHP has closed its transfer books; (ii) the transfer of




For personal use only
                        shares is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting; or (iii) BHP is paying a dividend on its shares;
           •            when you or other ADS holders seeking to withdraw shares owe money to pay fees, taxes and similar charges; or
           •            when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal
                        of shares or other deposited securities.


           Limitations on Obligations and Liability
           The deposit agreement expressly limits BHP’s obligations and the obligations of the depositary. It also limits BHP’s liability and the liability of the
           depositary. BHP and the depositary:
           •            are not liable if either of them is prevented or delayed by law, regulation, any other governmental authority or regulatory authority or stock
                        exchange, BHP’s constitution, any provision of or governing any deposit securities or any act of god or war or other circumstances beyond BHP’s
                        control from performing BHP’s obligations under the deposit agreement;

                                                                                              -6-
           •            are not liable if either of them exercises or fails to exercise discretion permitted under the deposit agreement, the provisions of or governing the
                        deposited securities or BHP’s constitution;
           •            are not liable for any action or inaction in reliance upon the advice of or information from legal counsel, any person presenting shares for deposit,
                        any holder, any beneficial owner or authorized representative thereof, or accountants, or any other person believed by it in good faith to be
                        competent to give such advice;
           •            are not liable for the inability of any ADS holder to benefit from any distribution, offering, right or other benefit which is made available to
                        holders of deposited securities but is not under the terms of the deposit agreement made available to holders of ADSs;
           •            are not liable for consequential or punitive damages for any breach of the terms of the deposit agreement;
           •            are only obligated to take the actions specifically set forth in the deposit agreement or the ADRs; and
           •            have no obligation to become involved in a lawsuit or other proceeding related to the deposited securities, the ADSs or the deposit agreement on
                        your behalf or on behalf of any other party.

           BHP and the depositary are protected in acting in reliance upon any written notice, request or other document believed by it to be genuine and to have
           been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.

           Neither BHP nor the depositary will be liable for any failure to carry out any instructions to vote any of the deposited securities, or for the manner in
           which any vote is cast or the effect of any vote, provided that any such action or omission is in good faith and in accordance with the terms of the
           deposit agreement or incur any liability for any failure to determine that any distribution or action may be lawful or reasonably practicable, for any
           investment risk associated with acquiring an interest in the deposited securities, for the validity or worth of the deposited securities or for any tax
           consequences that may result from the ownership of ADSs, shares or deposited securities, or for the credit worthiness of any third party. The depositary
           will not be liable for the content of any information submitted to it by BHP for distribution to the holders or for any inaccuracy of any translation
           thereof, for allowing any rights to lapse upon the terms of the deposit agreement or for the failure or timeliness of any notice of BHP.

           In the deposit agreement, BHP and the depositary agree to indemnify each other under certain circumstances.

                                                                                               -7-




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Exhibit 4.1

           Summary of terms of employment for Mike Henry – Chief Executive Officer, BHP


           1.           Term
           Mr Henry is employed under a single employment agreement with the BHP Group with no fixed term. The contract is applicable with effect from the
           date of Mr Henry’s appointment as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) on 1 January 2020. Mr Henry’s performance and remuneration will be reviewed at
           the end of each financial year.

           The Group retains the right to terminate the contract by giving 12 months’ notice or by making payment in lieu of notice of 12 months’ base salary plus
           the relevant contribution to a superannuation or pension scheme. Mr Henry is also entitled to any accrued entitlements such as earned but untaken leave.
           Mr Henry has a right to terminate the contract by giving 12 months’ notice.


           2.           Fixed Salary and Retirement Benefits
           Mr Henry is paid a base salary which is reviewed annually, and any increase to his base salary is disclosed annually in the Remuneration Report (which
           is a section in BHP’s fiscal year Annual Report). Effective 1 September 2024, Mr. Henry’s base salary is US$1,893,000 per annum. He is entitled to an
           additional sum equal to 10 per cent of base salary which he may pay into a superannuation or pension scheme, defer receipt of until retirement under the
           retirement savings plan, or take as a cash payment in lieu of retirement benefits.

           Where Mr Henry elects to allocate the retirement contribution to a superannuation or pension scheme, or the retirement savings plan, the rules of the
           relevant plans will apply.


           3.           Benefits
           Mr Henry receives additional benefits including the cost of private health, life and disability insurance, car parking, fringe benefits tax and the
           preparation of multi-jurisdictional taxation returns.




For personal use only
           4.           Incentive arrangements
           Mr Henry is eligible to participate in incentive arrangements offered by BHP from time to time. Initially, Mr Henry will participate in the Cash and
           Deferred Plan (CDP) and the Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). The CDP and LTIP are part of BHP’s remuneration policy which was approved by
           shareholders at the 2019 Annual General Meetings.


           CDP
           Under the rules of the CDP, Mr Henry is entitled to incentive awards calculated by reference to his base salary. For performance at the target level,
           which requires Mr Henry to meet the rigorous performance hurdles set by the Board, including delivery of the budget, Mr Henry would receive a cash
           bonus worth 80 per cent of base salary. For performance at the maximum level, Mr Henry would receive a cash bonus of 120 per cent of base salary.
           Two tranches of deferred shares will be awarded to Mr Henry, each to the equivalent value of the actual cash bonus received. These two tranches of
           deferred shares will vest in two years and five years, respectively.

           The grant of deferred shares will be subject to the approval of shareholders where required by applicable listing rules.


           LTIP
           Long-term incentives are issued under the terms of the LTIP. The number of LTIP awards allocated will be, on a face value basis, a maximum of 200 per
           cent of Mr Henry’s base salary, and based on the 12-month average share price and exchange rate up to and including the 30 June preceding the date of
           grant. LTIP awards are subject to performance hurdles, which are measured five years after the effective date of the grant. Performance hurdles are not
           subject to re-testing.
           The performance hurdle requires BHP’s total shareholder return (TSR) over a five-year performance period to be measured against the TSR of a sector
           peer group (67 per cent of awards) and the TSR of a global company index (33 per cent of awards). No LTIP awards vest if BHP’s TSR is below the
           relevant comparator group TSR and the LTIP awards will be forfeited. 25 per cent of LTIP awards vest if BHP’s TSR is at the relevant comparator group
           TSR. For all LTIP awards to vest, BHP’s TSR must be at or above the 80th percentile TSR of the relevant comparator group. For performance between
           the relevant comparator group TSR and the 80th percentile TSR of the relevant comparator group, vesting occurs on a sliding scale.

           The grant of LTIP awards will be subject to the approval of shareholders where required by applicable listing rules.

           Dividends
           A dividend equivalent payment (DEP) is provided on vested CDP deferred shares and vested LTIP awards. No payment is made in respect of unvested
           or lapsed CDP deferred shares and LTIP awards. DEPs are paid in the form of shares.


           Entitlements on termination
           The rules of the CDP and LTIP and BHP’s remuneration policy provide that where employment is terminated by the resignation of the executive, or by
           the Group for cause, Mr Henry is not entitled to any cash incentive for the year in question and all CDP deferred shares or LTIP awards will lapse.

           If Mr Henry retires or his employment terminates by mutual agreement:
           •            he may, at the People and Remuneration Committee’s discretion, be considered for a prorata incentive under the CDP for the period of service
                        during that year based on performance;
           •            CDP two-year deferred shares would vest in full on the original vesting date;
           •            CDP five-year deferred shares would vest on the original vesting date, with the number of deferred shares to vest reduced prorata to reflect the
                        period of service; and
           •            he would have a right to retain entitlements to LTIP awards, which would vest on the original vesting date, only if, and to the extent, the
                        performance hurdles are ultimately met. The number of entitlements Mr Henry would be permitted to retain would be reduced prorata to reflect
                        the period of service.




For personal use only
           Special provisions relate to events described as “uncontrollable” such as death and serious injury. In those circumstances, all of the CDP deferred shares
           and LTIP awards that have been awarded but which have not vested or are not exercisable vest immediately to and/or become immediately exercisable
           by Mr Henry or his estate.


           5.           Minimum shareholding requirement (MSR)
           The Board and People and Remuneration Committee has determined that during his term as CEO, Mr Henry will be required to hold BHP securities
           with a value at least equal to five times one year’s pre-tax (gross) base salary, and this applies for two years post-retirement. The value of the securities
           for the purposes of this requirement is the market value of the underlying shares. Unvested awards do not qualify.

           The CEO is expected to grow his holdings to the MSR from the scheduled vesting of his employee awards over time. The MSR is tested at the time that
           shares are to be sold. Shares may be sold to satisfy tax obligations arising from the granting, holding, vesting, exercise or sale of the employee awards or
           the underlying shares whether the MSR is satisfied at that time or not.
           6.           Leave entitlements
           Mr Henry will be entitled to the following leave entitlements:
           •            Annual leave – in accordance with applicable Australian law, currently four weeks per annum.
           •            Other leave – in accordance with applicable law.


           7.           Post-employment restraints
           Mr Henry will be subject to non-competition and non-solicitation restraints that operate for 12 months after the cessation of his employment.




For personal use only
                                                 Exhibit 4.2




                        Equity and Cash Incentive Plan Rules
                                         BHP Group Limited
                                            ACN 004 028 077
                                Adopted on 25 September 2023




For personal use only
           Table of Contents

           INTRODUCTION                                                        1
           1            Offers of incentives                                   1
                        1.1 Board to make invitations                          1
                        1.2 Information to be provided to Participants         2
                        1.3 Acceptance of Offer                                2
                        1.4 Offer terms and conditions take precedence         2
           2            Rights                                                 3
                        2.1 Grant                                              3
                        2.2 Vesting                                            3
                        2.3 Allocation                                         4
                        2.4 Payment of cash equivalent                         4
                        2.5 Lapse of Rights                                    5
           3            Options                                                5
                        3.1 Grant                                              5
                        3.2 Vesting                                            5
                        3.3 Allocation following exercise                      6
                        3.4 Payment of cash equivalent                         6
                        3.5 Lapse of Options                                   7
           4            Restricted Shares                                      7
                        4.1 Allocation                                         7
                        4.2 Restricted Shares purchased by salary sacrifice    7
                        4.3 Restricted Shares that are tax-exempt              8
                        4.4 Cessation of restrictions                          8
                        4.5 Forfeiture of Restricted Shares                    9
           5            Units                                                  9




For personal use only
                        5.1 Grant                                              9
                        5.2 Vesting                                            9
                        5.3 Payment of cash amount                            10
                        5.4 Lapse of Units                                    10
           6            Cash Amounts                                          10
                        6.1 Offer, Performance and Award                      10
                        6.2 Payment of Cash Amounts                           10
                        6.3 Board Discretion in relation to Cash Amounts      11
                        6.4 Entitlement to Cash Amounts                       11
           7            Prohibited Dealings                                   11
           8            Vesting outcomes                                      12
           9            Preventing inappropriate benefits                     12
                        9.1 When the Board can take action                    12
                        9.2 Actions the Board can take                        13
                        9.3 Investigations                                    14
                        9.4 BHP Malus and Clawback Policy                     14
                        9.5 Board’s overriding discretion                     14
           10 Forfeiture of Shares                                            14
           11 Cessation of employment                                         15
              11.1 Board discretion on cessation                              15
              11.2 Post cessation discretions                                 15
              11.3 Approved leave of absence                                  16

                                                                               i
           12 Change of Control                                                                                            16
              12.1 Change of Control Events                                                                                16
              12.2 Notification of Vesting                                                                                 17
              12.3 Treatment of Vested Incentive Securities                                                                17
              12.4 Acquisition of shares in Acquiring Company                                                              17
              12.5 Divestment of material business or subsidiary                                                           17
           13 Power to adjust Rights, Options and/or Units and the Exercise Price                                          18
           14 Dividends and other rights                                                                                   19
              14.1 Dividends and other rights associated with Shares                                                       19
              14.2 Dividend equivalent payments and other rights                                                           19
           15 Custody Arrangements                                                                                         20
           16 Withholding                                                                                                  20
           17 Amendments                                                                                                   21
              17.1 Power to make amendments                                                                                21
              17.2 Restrictions on amendments                                                                              21
              17.3 Notice of amendment                                                                                     22
           18 Participants based overseas                                                                                  22
              18.1 Overseas transfers                                                                                      22
              18.2 Non-Australian residents                                                                                22
              18.3 Non-Australian taxpayers                                                                                22
           19 Misleading statements and omissions where monetary consideration is provided by Participants                 22
              19.1 Additional disclosure                                                                                   22
              19.2 Misleading Statements and Omissions                                                                     23
              19.3 Liability                                                                                               23
              19.4 Limitation of Liability                                                                                 23
           20 Miscellaneous                                                                                                24




For personal use only
              20.1 Shares issued under these Rules                                                                         24
              20.2 Rights and obligations of Participants                                                                  24
              20.3 Power of the Board to administer these Rules                                                            25
              20.4 Overriding Board discretion                                                                             25
              20.5 Waiver of terms and conditions                                                                          25
              20.6 Application of constitution of the Company, Corporations Act, Listing Rules and other applicable laws   26
              20.7 Error in Allocation                                                                                     26
              20.8 Exchange Rate                                                                                           26
              20.9 Dispute or disagreement                                                                                 26
              20.10 Communication                                                                                          26
              20.11 Data protection                                                                                        27
              20.12 Tax                                                                                                    28
              20.13 Laws governing these Rules                                                                             28
           21 Definition and Interpretation                                                                                29
              21.1 Definitions                                                                                             29
              21.2 Interpretation                                                                                          33
           Addendum 1                                                                                                      34
           Addendum 2                                                                                                      36

                                                                                                                            ii
                                                                      BHP Equity and Cash Incentive Plan Rules
                                                                                INTRODUCTION


           The purpose of these Rules is to allow the Board to make Offers of Incentive Securities and cash bonuses to Eligible Employees.

           These Rules outline the terms and conditions upon which Offers will be made, including:
                        •     the process for making and accepting Offers (PART A);
                        •     the type of incentives that may be offered (being Rights, Options, Restricted Shares, Units and Cash Amounts) (PART B); and
                        •     the general terms and conditions that apply to incentives (PART C).

           Capitalised terms are defined in PART D of these Rules.

           Addendum 1 and Addendum 2 to these Rules contain certain rules and definitions that apply to any Participant who is subject to foreign laws. The
           terms and conditions set out in the Addenda apply to such Participants and, as indicated in the Addenda, certain terms and conditions of these Rules will
           not apply to such Participants. In the case of any conflict between the terms of these Rules and the terms of an applicable Addendum, the terms of the
           applicable Addendum will prevail.


                                                                                         PART A


           1            Offers of incentives

           1.1          Board to make invitations




For personal use only
                        (a)      The Board may, from time to time, in its absolute discretion invite Eligible Employees to participate in a grant of Incentive Securities
                                 and/or an award of cash incentives, which may comprise any one or more of:
                                 •   Rights;
                                 •   Options;
                                 •   Restricted Shares;
                                 •   Units; and
                                 •   Cash Amounts,
                                 (Offer).
                        (b)      Offers will be made on the terms set out in these Rules and/or on any additional or alternative terms as the Board determines, as
                                 specified in the terms of an Offer.
                        (c)      Offers of Incentive Securities made under these Rules in Australia are made under Division 1A of Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act.

                                                                                                                                                                            1
           1.2          Information to be provided to Participants
                        Without limiting the Board’s discretion, the terms of the Offer to an Eligible Employee may include the following information:
                        (a)      the maximum Cash Amount being offered or method by which the amount will be calculated;
                        (b)      the type and number of Incentive Securities being offered, or the method by which the number or amount will be calculated;
                        (c)      the amount (if any) that will be payable for the grant of Incentive Securities;
                        (d)      any Vesting Conditions or other conditions that apply, including any Vesting Period;
                        (e)      information relating to the exercise of an Option or a Right (where exercisable), including any exercise price payable and any relevant
                                 exercise period(s);
                        (f)      where the Board has made a determination pursuant to rules 2.2(e) or 3.2(e) at the time of the Offer, clarification as to whether Rights
                                 or Options will be settled through an allocation of Shares or by making a cash payment (as applicable);
                        (g)      the circumstances in which Incentive Securities may lapse, Incentive Securities or Cash Amounts may be forfeited or a Participant’s
                                 entitlement to Incentive Securities or Cash Amounts may be reduced;
                        (h)      how Incentive Securities or Cash Amounts may be treated if the Eligible Employee ceases employment with a Group company and any
                                 discretions retained by the Board under rule 11;
                        (i)      any restrictions (including the period of restriction) on Dealing in relation to a Restricted Share or Share allocated to the Eligible
                                 Employee under these Rules; and
                        (j)      where all or part of an Offer is made as a salary sacrifice offer under rule 4.2 or as a tax-exempt offer under rule 4.3 of these Rules, the
                                 Offer should specify this.


           1.3          Acceptance of Offer
                        (a)      Acceptance of an Offer must be made by the Eligible Employee in accordance with the instructions that accompany the Offer, or in any




For personal use only
                                 other way the Board determines.
                        (b)      The Board may, at its discretion, refuse to allow the participation of an Eligible Employee where that Eligible Employee ceases to be an
                                 Eligible Employee, or ceases to satisfy any other conditions imposed by the Board, before the grant is made.
                        (c)      Nothing limits the Board’s ability to treat the conduct of an Eligible Employee in respect of an Offer (including the failure of an
                                 Eligible Employee to lodge an election not to participate within the time specified in the instructions accompanying the Offer) as valid
                                 acceptance of that Offer under these Rules.
                        (d)      The Board may revoke an Offer given to an Eligible Employee prior to the date specified for the acceptance of the Offer or the grant of
                                 Incentive Securities being made or the Cash Amount being paid, whichever is later, and such Offer will be deemed never to have been
                                 made.


           1.4          Offer terms and conditions take precedence
                        To the extent of any inconsistency, the terms and conditions advised to an Eligible Employee in an Offer will prevail over any other provision of
                        these Rules.

                                                                                                                                                                                2
                                                                                            PART B




           2            Rights

           2.1          Grant
                        (a)       Where an Eligible Employee has accepted an Offer to participate in a grant of Rights in accordance with rule 1.3(a), the Board will,
                                  subject to its discretion under rule 1.3(b), grant Rights to the Eligible Employee.
                        (b)       Unless the Board determines otherwise or otherwise specified in an Offer:
                                  (1)    no payment is required for the grant of a Right;
                                  (2)    Rights may not be registered in any name other than that of the Eligible Employee; and
                                  (3)    where the Offer is made to an Eligible Employee in Australia, subdivision 83A-C of the Tax Act applies to the Rights (subject to
                                         the requirements of the Tax Act).


           2.2          Vesting
                        (a)       Subject to any express rule to the contrary, a Right will only Vest (and if applicable, become exercisable) where each Vesting Condition,
                                  and all other relevant conditions advised to the Participant by the Board pursuant to rule 1.2, have been satisfied or otherwise waived by
                                  the Board.
                        (b)       Vesting occurs upon notification from the Company (or its delegate) to the Participant that a Right has Vested pursuant to this rule 2.2.
                        (c)       Where the Board notifies a Participant that a Right is exercisable, the exercise of the Right will be effected in the form and manner
                                  determined by the Board and notified to the Participant. If an exercisable Right is not exercised (or otherwise surrendered by the
                                  Participant) by the end of the exercise period or expiry date specified in the terms of an Offer, the Right will be automatically exercised




For personal use only
                                  on that date.
                        (d)       If the Vesting or exercise of a Right would arise in a period where Dealings by a Participant would be prohibited or the Board
                                  determines that the Vesting or exercise of a Right would otherwise be inappropriate in the circumstances, the Board may determine that
                                  Vesting or exercise will be delayed until such time as Dealings are permitted or appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may
                                  determine that Vesting or exercise will be delayed only in relation to the affected Participant or in relation to some or all Participants
                                  (irrespective of whether they are subject to the Dealing restriction).
                        (e)       At the time an Offer is made or at any time prior to Vesting or exercise (if applicable) of the Right, the Board may determine that the
                                  Vesting (and if applicable, exercise) of some or all Rights will be satisfied by:
                                  (1)    an allocation of Shares; and/or
                                  (2)    making a cash payment under rule 2.4 (instead of an allocation of Shares).
                        (f)       If no determination is made, the Vesting (and, if applicable, exercise) of a Right will be satisfied by the Company allocating Shares to
                                  the Participant pursuant to rule 2.3.
                        (g)       The Participant has no entitlement to receive a Share or a cash payment under rule 2.2(e) until the Rights have Vested, and if applicable,
                                  been exercised.

                                                                                                                                                                              3
           2.3          Allocation
                        (a)     Subject to rules 2.2(e), 2.3(b) and 2.3(c), where Vesting (and if applicable, exercise) of a Right will be satisfied by an allocation of
                                Shares under rule 2.2(e), as soon as practicable following Vesting (and if applicable, exercise) of a Right, the Board must issue to,
                                procure the transfer to, or procure the setting aside for, the Participant the number of Shares in respect of which Rights have Vested or
                                been exercised (as applicable), less any Tax required to be withheld. No further action is required on the part of the Participant.
                        (b)     In the case of Rights held by or on behalf of a Participant who is a Director, Vested (and if applicable, exercised) Rights must be
                                satisfied by Shares that have been purchased on market, unless:
                                (1)    no shareholder approval is required under the Listing Rules in respect of the Director’s participation in the Offer; or
                                (2)    shareholders have approved the Director’s participation in the Offer to the extent required under the Listing Rules.
                        (c)     If the allocation of a Share would arise in a period where Dealings by a Participant would be prohibited or the Board determines that the
                                allocation of a Share would otherwise be inappropriate in the circumstances, the Board may determine that allocation will be delayed
                                until such time as Dealings are permitted or appropriate.


           2.4          Payment of cash equivalent
                        (a)     Where the Board determines under rule 2.2(e) to make a cash payment to a Participant in lieu of an allocation of Shares, the Company
                                must pay to the Participant an amount in Australian dollars (or any other currency determined by the Board in its absolute discretion)
                                equivalent to the value of the Shares underlying the relevant Rights that the Board determines will be settled by making a cash
                                payment.
                        (b)     The amount of the cash payment referred to in rule 2.4(a) will be calculated by multiplying the number of Shares underlying the Rights
                                that the Board determines will be settled by making a cash payment by the Current Market Price (less any Tax required to be withheld).

                                                                                                                                                                            4




For personal use only
           2.5          Lapse of Rights
                        (a)       A Right will lapse upon the earliest to occur of:
                        (b)       10 years after the date on which the Right was allocated to the Participant, or any date specified as the expiry date in the Offer, other
                                  than a Vested but unexercised Right which will be automatically exercised on the applicable expiry date;
                        (c)       the Right lapsing in accordance with a provision of these Rules (including in accordance with a term of an Offer);
                        (d)       failure to meet a Vesting Condition or any other condition applicable to the Right within the Vesting Period; or
                        (e)       the receipt by the Company of a notice in writing from a Participant to the effect that the Participant has elected to surrender the Right.


           3            Options

           3.1          Grant
                        (a)       Where an Eligible Employee has accepted an Offer to participate in a grant of Options in accordance with rule 1.3(a), the Board will,
                                  subject to its discretion under rule 1.3(b), grant Options to the Eligible Employee.
                        (b)       Unless the Board determines otherwise or otherwise specified in an Offer:
                                  (1)     no payment is required for the grant of an Option; and
                                  (2)     Options may not be registered in any name other than that of the Eligible Employee; and
                                  (3)     where the Offer is made to an Eligible Employee in Australia, subdivision 83A-C of the Tax Act applies to the Options (subject
                                          to the requirements of the Tax Act).


           3.2          Vesting




For personal use only
                        (a)       Subject to any express rule to the contrary, an Option will only Vest and become exercisable where each Vesting Condition, and all
                                  other relevant conditions advised to the Participant by the Board pursuant to rule 1.2, have been satisfied or otherwise waived by the
                                  Board.
                        (b)       Vesting occurs upon notification from the Company (or its delegate) to the Participant that an Option has Vested pursuant to this
                                  rule 3.2.
                        (c)       The exercise of an Option will be effected in the form and manner determined by the Company and, subject to rule 3.4, must be
                                  accompanied by payment of the relevant Exercise Price (if any) either in cleared funds or via any cashless exercise mechanism. The
                                  Company will notify the Participant of the process for exercise of Options that Vest, including any cashless exercise mechanism
                                  available to the Participant.

                                                                                                                                                                                5
                        (d)     If the Vesting or exercise of an Option would arise in a period where Dealings by a Participant would be prohibited, or the Board
                                determines that the Vesting or exercise of an Option would otherwise be inappropriate in the circumstances, the Board may determine
                                that Vesting or exercise will be delayed until such time as Dealings are permitted or appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board
                                may determine that Vesting or exercise will be delayed only in relation to the affected Participant or in relation to some or all
                                Participants (irrespective of whether they are subject to the Dealing restriction).
                        (e)     At the time an Offer is made or at any time prior to exercise of the Option, the Board may determine that the exercise of some or all
                                Options will be satisfied by:
                                (1)     an allocation of Shares; and/or
                                (2)     a cash payment under rule 3.4 (instead of an allocation of Shares).
                        (f)     If no determination is made, the exercise of an Option will be satisfied by the Company allocating Shares to the Participant.
                        (g)     The Participant has no entitlement to receive a Share or a cash payment under rule 3.2(e) until the Options have been exercised.


           3.3          Allocation following exercise
                        (a)     Subject to rules 3.3(b) and 3.3(c), where exercise of an Option will be satisfied by an allocation of Shares under rule 3.2(e) as soon as
                                practicable following the exercise of an Option, the Board must issue to, procure the transfer to, or procure the setting aside for, the
                                Participant the number of Shares in respect of which Options have been exercised, less any Tax required to be withheld (adjusted as
                                appropriate where a cashless exercise mechanism has been utilised by the Participant). No further action is required on the part of the
                                Participant.
                        (b)     In the case of Options held by or on behalf of a Participant who is a Director, Vested Options must be satisfied by Shares that have been
                                purchased on market, unless:
                                (1)     no shareholder approval is required under the Listing Rules in respect of the Director’s participation in the Offer; or
                                (2)     shareholders have approved the Director’s participation in the Offer to the extent required under the Listing Rules.




For personal use only
                        (c)     If the allocation of a Share would arise in a period where Dealings by a Participant would be prohibited or the Board determines that the
                                allocation of a Share would otherwise be inappropriate in the circumstances, the Board may determine that allocation will be delayed
                                until such time as Dealings are permitted or appropriate.


           3.4          Payment of cash equivalent
                        (a)     Where the Board determines under rule 3.2(e) to make a cash payment to a Participant in lieu of an allocation of Shares, the Company
                                must as soon as reasonably practicable:
                                (1)     refund any amount paid (if any) by the Participant to exercise those Options; and
                                (2)     pay to the Participant an amount in Australian dollars (or any other currency determined by the Board in its absolute discretion)
                                        determined under rule 3.4(b).
                        (b)     The amount of the cash payment referred to in rule 3.4(a) will be calculated by multiplying the number of Shares underlying the
                                Options that the Board determines will be settled by making a cash payment by the Current Market Price, less the total of any Exercise
                                Price that would otherwise have been payable in respect of those Options and any Tax required to be withheld.

                                                                                                                                                                            6
           3.5          Lapse of Options
                        An Option will lapse upon the earliest to occur of:
                        (a)      10 years after the date on which the Option was allocated to the Participant, or any date specified as the expiry date in the Offer (unless
                                 the Board determines that the Options will be exercised on the expiry date by way of a cashless exercise mechanism);
                        (b)      the Option lapsing in accordance with a provision of these Rules (including in accordance with a term of an Offer);
                        (c)      failure to meet a Vesting Condition or any other condition applicable to the Option within the Vesting Period; or
                        (d)      the receipt by the Company of a notice in writing from a Participant to the effect that the Participant has elected to surrender the Option.


           4            Restricted Shares

           4.1          Allocation
                        (a)      After an Eligible Employee has accepted an Offer to participate in a grant of Restricted Shares in accordance with rule 1.3(a), the Board
                                 must, subject to its discretion under rule 1.3(b) and rule 4.1(b), allocate the Restricted Shares in accordance with any timeframe
                                 specified in the Offer by either:
                                 (1)     issuing Restricted Shares to;
                                 (2)     procuring the transfer of Restricted Shares to; or
                                 (3)     procuring the setting aside of Restricted Shares for,
                                 the Eligible Employee.
                        (b)      If the allocation of a Restricted Share would arise in a period where Dealings by a Participant would be prohibited or the Board
                                 determines that the allocation of a Restricted Share would otherwise be inappropriate in the circumstances, the Board may determine
                                 that allocation will be delayed until such time as Dealings are permitted or appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may




For personal use only
                                 determine that allocation will be delayed only in relation to the affected Participant or in relation to some or all Participants
                                 (irrespective of whether they are subject to the Dealing restriction).
                        (c)      Unless the Board determines otherwise or otherwise specified in an Offer:
                                 (1)     no payment is required for the grant of a Restricted Share (other than a Restricted Share purchased pursuant to rule 4.2); and
                                 (2)     Restricted Shares may not be registered in any name other than that of the Eligible Employee or the Trustee.


           4.2          Restricted Shares purchased by salary sacrifice
                        Notwithstanding anything else in these Rules:
                        (a)      Offers of Restricted Shares made pursuant to this rule 4.2 constitute Offers made under a separate reduction in the Participant’s pre-tax
                                 remuneration (Salary Sacrifice) provision of these Rules.
                        (b)      Offers made to Eligible Employees in Australia pursuant to this separate provision will allow a Participant to agree to acquire Restricted
                                 Shares in return for a Salary Sacrifice that would not have happened apart from that Offer of not more than A$5,000 per year ending
                                 30 June (or such other amount specified by subsection 83A-105(4) of subdivision 83A-C of the Tax Act to be the maximum amount of
                                 discount to which that subsection can apply).

                                                                                                                                                                             7
                        (c)      Subdivision 83A-C of the Tax Act applies to Offers made pursuant to this separate Salary Sacrifice provision of these Rules.


           4.3          Restricted Shares that are tax-exempt
                        Notwithstanding anything else in these Rules:
                        (a)      Offers of Restricted Shares made pursuant to this rule 4.3 constitute Offers made under a separate tax-exempt provision of these Rules.
                        (b)      Offers of Restricted Shares under this rule 4.3 are made on a non-discriminatory basis in relation to at least 75% of the Australian
                                 resident permanent employees of the relevant employer who have completed at least 3 years of service (whether continuous or non-
                                 continuous).
                        (c)      Subdivision 83A-B of the Tax Act applies to Offers made pursuant to this tax exempt provision of these Rules.
                        (d)      A Restricted Share allocated to a Participant under this rule 4.3 will be subject to a restriction period from the date that the Restricted
                                 Shares are allocated until the earlier of:
                                 (1)    the date that is three years from the date of allocation (or such other period that may be required under Subdivision 83A-B of
                                        the Tax Act, including such earlier time as the Commissioner of Taxation allows in accordance with section 83A-45(5) of the
                                        Tax Act); and
                                 (2)    the date on which the Participant ceases to be employed by the Group.
                        (e)      Restricted Shares allocated to a Participant under this tax-exempt provision of the Rules cannot be forfeited.


           4.4          Cessation of restrictions
                        (a)      Subject to any express rule to the contrary, a Share only ceases to be a Restricted Share (e.g, Vests) where:
                                 (1)    the Vesting Period and each other relevant condition (including all Vesting Conditions) advised to the Participant by the Board
                                        pursuant to rule 1.2 have been satisfied or otherwise waived by the Board; and




For personal use only
                                 (2)    the Company notifies the Participant that the restrictions in respect of the Restricted Share have ceased or no longer apply.
                        (b)      Subject to the terms of an Offer and the Securities Dealing Policy, when a Share ceases to be a Restricted Share, all restrictions on
                                 disposing of, or otherwise Dealing with, that Share, as set out in these Rules or the terms of an Offer, will cease.
                        (c)      If the Vesting of a Restricted Share would arise in a period where Dealings by a Participant would be prohibited or would otherwise be
                                 inappropriate in the circumstances, the Board may determine that Vesting will be delayed until such time as Dealings are permitted or
                                 appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may determine that Vesting will be delayed only in relation to the affected
                                 Participant or in relation to some or all Participants (irrespective of whether they are subject to the Dealing restriction).

                                                                                                                                                                               8
                        (d)       Unless provided otherwise in the terms of an Offer, when a Share that is held by the Trustee on behalf of a Participant ceases to be a
                                  Restricted Share, the Trustee will continue to hold the Share on trust on behalf of the Participant until such time as the Participant, or
                                  the Company on behalf of the Participant, directs the Trustee to:
                                  (1)    transfer the Share into the Participant’s name or:
                                         (A)     to another account the Participant nominates; or
                                         (B)     to an account to be held on the Participant’s behalf; or
                                  (2)    sell the Share and pay the proceeds of sale (net of any applicable brokerage, commission, stamp duty or other transaction costs)
                                         to the Participant.


           4.5          Forfeiture of Restricted Shares
                        Subject to rule 4.3(e), a Restricted Share will be forfeited upon the earliest to occur of the:
                        (a)       Restricted Share being forfeited in accordance with a provision of these Rules (including in accordance with a term of an Offer);
                        (b)       failure to meet a Vesting Condition or any other condition applicable to the Restricted Share within the Vesting Period; or
                        (c)       receipt by the Company of a notice in writing from a Participant to the effect that the Participant has elected to surrender the Restricted
                                  Share.


           5            Units

           5.1          Grant
                        (a)       Where an Eligible Employee has accepted an Offer to participate in a grant of Units in accordance with rule 1.3(a), the Board must,
                                  subject to its discretion under rules 1.3(b) and 5.2(b) grant Units to the Eligible Employee.




For personal use only
                        (b)       Unless the Board determines otherwise:
                                  (1)    no payment is required for the grant of a Unit; and
                                  (2)    Units may not be recorded in any name other than that of the Eligible Employee.


           5.2          Vesting
                        (a)       Subject to any express rule to the contrary, a Unit granted under these Rules will only Vest where each Vesting Condition, and all other
                                  relevant conditions advised to the Participant pursuant to rule 1.2, have been satisfied or otherwise waived by the Board.
                        (b)       If the Vesting of a Unit would arise in a period where Dealings by a Participant would be prohibited, or the Board determines that the
                                  Vesting of a Unit would otherwise be inappropriate in the circumstances, the Board may determine that Vesting will be delayed until
                                  such time as Dealings are permitted.
                        (c)       For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may determine that Vesting will be delayed only in relation to some or all Participants Units
                                  (irrespective of whether they are subject to the Dealing restriction).
                        (d)       The Vesting of a Unit will be satisfied by the Company making a cash payment in accordance with rule 5.3.
                        (e)       Vesting occurs on notification from the Company to the Participant that a Unit has Vested pursuant to this rule 5.2.

                                                                                                                                                                               9
           5.3          Payment of cash amount
                        (a)      As soon as practicable following Vesting of a Unit in accordance with rule 5.2, the Company must make the cash payment referred to in
                                 rule 5.3(c) for each Unit that has Vested.
                        (b)      No further action is required on the part of the Participant.
                        (c)      In order to satisfy its obligation under rule 5.3(a), the Company must pay to the Participant an amount equivalent to the cash value of
                                 Units that have Vested (less any Tax required to be withheld).
                        (d)      Unless otherwise specified in the terms of an Offer, the amount of the cash payment referred to in rule 5.3(c) will be calculated by
                                 multiplying the number of Units that have Vested by the Current Market Price (less any Tax required to be withheld).


           5.4          Lapse of Units
                        A Unit will lapse on the earliest to occur of:
                        (a)      the Unit lapsing in accordance with a provision of these Rules (including in accordance with a term of an Offer);
                        (b)      failure to meet a Vesting Condition or any other condition applicable to the Unit within the Vesting Period; or
                        (c)      the receipt by the Company of a notice in writing from a Participant to the effect that the Participant has elected to surrender the Unit.


           6            Cash Amounts

           6.1          Offer, Performance and Award
                        (a)      Where an Eligible Employee has accepted an Offer to participate in an award of a Cash Amount in accordance with rule 1.3(a), the
                                 Board will, subject to its discretion under rule 1.3(b), (c) and 6.3, assess the extent to which the Vesting Conditions and all other
                                 relevant conditions have been satisfied over the Vesting Period, determine the Cash Amount to be awarded and advise the Eligible
                                 Employee of the Cash Amount that has been awarded. No further action is required on the part of the Participant.




For personal use only
                        (b)      Unless the Board determines otherwise or otherwise specified in an Offer, no payment is required for the award of a Cash Amount.
                        (c)      Notwithstanding the terms of any Offer made under rule 1.3, the Board may in its absolute discretion make any changes to the terms of
                                 the Offer prior to a Cash Amount being awarded. The Company will provide appropriate notification of the changes to the affected
                                 Eligible Employee or Participant.
                        (d)      A Cash Amount is awarded to a Participant upon notification from the Company (or its delegate) that the award has been made.


           6.2          Payment of Cash Amounts
                        (a)      The Cash Amount will be paid (less any Tax required to be withheld) to a Participant as soon as reasonably practicable following the
                                 award of the Cash Amount.
                        (b)      The Cash Amount will be payable by any Group Company.
                        (c)      The Cash Amount will be paid to the Participant through the payroll of the relevant Group Company.

                                                                                                                                                                              10
                        (d)      The Company may determine in its absolute discretion the currency in which amounts will be paid.
                        (e)      Subject to any express rule to the contrary, a Cash Amount will only be awarded where each Vesting Condition, and all other relevant
                                 conditions advised to the Participant by the Board pursuant to rule 1.2, have been satisfied or otherwise waived by the Board.


           6.3          Board Discretion in relation to Cash Amounts
                        The Board may in its absolute discretion adjust (upwards or downwards) the Cash Amount awarded to a Participant, notwithstanding the
                        application of the Vesting Conditions and any other relevant conditions. In exercising this discretion, the Board may have regard to one or more
                        of the following considerations:
                        (a)      the personal performance and/or conduct of a Participant;
                        (b)      the performance of the division or function in which the Participant is employed or for which they have accountability, or which is
                                 relevant in relation to the Participant’s role;
                        (c)      the performance of the Group or any Group company; and
                        (d)      any other factor which the Board reasonably determines is appropriate to take into account in relation to the Participant’s Cash Amount.


           6.4          Entitlement to Cash Amounts
                        (a)      A Participant has no entitlement to be paid a Cash Amount unless and until the Cash Amount is awarded to them.
                        (b)      A Cash Amount will be forfeited:
                                 (1)    in accordance with a provision of these Rules (including in accordance with a term of an Offer); or
                                 (2)    on receipt by the Company of a notice in writing from a Participant to the effect that the Participant has elected not to receive
                                        the Cash Amount.




For personal use only
                                                                                         PART C




           7            Prohibited Dealings

                        (a)      Subject to the Securities Dealing Policy, any Dealing in respect of an Incentive Security prior to Vesting is prohibited unless:
                                 (1)    the Board determines otherwise; or
                                 (2)    the Dealing is required by law and the Participant has provided satisfactory evidence to the Company of that fact.
                        (b)      Where, in the opinion of the Board, a Participant (or the Trustee at the Participant’s direction) Deals with an Incentive Security in
                                 contravention of rule 7(a), the Incentive Security will immediately lapse or be forfeited.
                        (c)      The Board may, at its discretion, impose restrictions on Dealing in respect of any Shares allocated under these Rules (including upon
                                 Vesting or exercise of Rights or Options or at the request of the Participant) and may implement any procedure it considers appropriate
                                 to enforce such restrictions. Where a Participant requests that the Board impose restrictions on Dealing in respect of any Shares, the
                                 Board has the discretion to accept or reject such a request.

                                                                                                                                                                            11
           8            Vesting outcomes

                        (a)      The Board may in its absolute discretion apply an adjustment (upwards or downwards) to the number of a Participant’s Incentive
                                 Securities that Vest based on application of the Vesting Conditions and any other relevant conditions. In exercising this discretion, the
                                 Board may have regard to one or more of the following considerations:
                                 (1)     the personal performance and/or conduct of a Participant;
                                 (2)     the performance of the division or function in which the Participant is employed or for which they have accountability, or which
                                         is relevant in relation to the Participant’s role;
                                 (3)     the performance of the Group or any Group company; and
                                 (4)     any other factor which the Board reasonably determines is appropriate to take into account in relation to the Participant’s
                                         Incentive Securities.
                        (b)      Where the Board decides to reduce the number of a Participant’s Incentive Securities that Vest, those Incentive Securities that would
                                 otherwise have Vested will instead lapse or be forfeited (as applicable).


           9            Preventing inappropriate benefits

           9.1          When the Board can take action
                        The Board may do any of the things in rule 9.2 where, in the opinion of the Board:
                        (a)      a Participant:
                                 (1)     has acted fraudulently or dishonestly;
                                 (2)     has engaged in gross misconduct;




For personal use only
                                 (3)     has engaged in an act which has brought the Company, the Group or any Group company into disrepute or may negatively
                                         impact the Company’s, Group’s or any Group company’s reputation;
                                 (4)     has breached their duties or obligations to the Company or any Group company (including acting in breach of the terms and
                                         conditions of their employment or the Group’s Code of Conduct);
                                 (5)     owes money or a debt to the Company or a Group company and has not otherwise agreed to an alternative arrangement with the
                                         Company or Group company (as applicable) to settle the debt owed; or
                                 (6)     is convicted of an offence or has a judgment entered against them in connection with the affairs of the Group;
                        (b)      a Participant’s Incentive Securities Vest or may Vest, or a Participant’s Cash Amount is awarded or may be awarded, as a result of the
                                 fraud, dishonesty, negligence or breach of duties or obligations of any other person (including a breach by that person of the terms and
                                 conditions of their employment or the Group’s Code of Conduct) and, in the opinion of the Board, the Incentive Securities or Cash
                                 Amount will not or would not have otherwise Vested or been awarded;
                        (c)      a significant unexpected or unintended consequence, or a significant event, circumstance or outcome has occurred which impacts the
                                 Group or a Group company, including impacting its value, reputation or social licence to operate, where the original expected
                                 performance outcomes which the Incentive Securities were, or the Cash Amount was, intended to promote have not been realised;

                                                                                                                                                                             12
                        (d)      the Company (or another Group company) is required or entitled to reclaim remuneration from a Participant or reduce a Participant’s
                                 remuneration outcome under one or more of the following:
                                 (1)     law;
                                 (2)     regulation, including a direction, standard or guidance from a regulator;
                                 (3)     contract; or
                                 (4)     Company or Group policy (as amended from time to time);
                        (e)      Vesting of some or all of the Participant’s unvested Incentive Securities, payment of a dividend equivalent payment, or awarding of
                                 some or all of the Participant’s Cash Amount, is not justified or supportable, having regard to any one or more of the following:
                                 (1)     the personal performance and/or conduct of a Participant;
                                 (2)     the performance of the business unit or function in which the Participant is employed or for which they have accountability, or
                                         which is relevant in relation to the Participant’s role;
                                 (3)     the performance of the Group or any Group company;
                                 (4)     a Financial Misstatement Circumstance;
                                 (5)     the Participant has contributed to circumstances giving rise to:
                                         (A)     a material loss to the Company;
                                         (B)     a material failure of risk management; or
                                 (6)     any other factor which the Board reasonably determines is appropriate to take into account in relation to the Participant’s
                                         entitlements under these Rules; or
                        (f)      any additional circumstances specified in an Offer.




For personal use only
           9.2          Actions the Board can take
                        Subject to rule 4.3(e), the Board may determine that any or all of the following occur:
                        (a)      a Participant’s entitlement to an Incentive Security, dividend equivalent payment or Share (including a Share received on Vesting and
                                 exercise of an Option or Right) may be reduced or extinguished through lapse or forfeiture (as applicable);
                        (b)      any Share received may be required to be transferred to such person as the Company determines;
                        (c)      a Participant must pay or repay (as the case may be) to the Company as a debt:
                                 (1)     all or part of the net proceeds of sale where Shares allocated under these Rules have been sold;
                                 (2)     any cash payment received under these Rules; and/or
                                 (3)     any dividends, distributions or dividend equivalent payments received in respect of Incentive Securities or Shares allocated
                                         under these Rules; and/or
                        (d)      the restrictions on disposing or otherwise Dealing with a Participant’s Restricted Shares are extended.

                                                                                                                                                                         13
           9.3          Investigations
                        In circumstances where:
                        (a)      the Board is considering the application of this rule 9;
                        (b)      a Participant is under investigation by the Group, a Group company or an external third party (including a regulator); or
                        (c)      such other circumstances specified in an Offer,
                        the Board may determine that any or all of the following will occur:
                        (d)      the Vesting, exercise and/or allocation of a Participant’s Incentive Securities, and the awarding of a Participant’s Cash Amount, be
                                 delayed or suspended (as appropriate) until such time as the Board determines (including until the final conclusion of any investigation
                                 under rule 9.3(b)); or
                        (e)      the restrictions on disposing or otherwise Dealing with a Participant’s Restricted Shares are extended.


           9.4          BHP Malus and Clawback Policy
                        (a)      Offers of Incentive Securities and Cash Amounts to Eligible Employees under these Rules are subject to the BHP Malus and Clawback
                                 Policy, as applicable and as amended from time to time.
                        (b)      If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial
                                 reporting requirement under applicable law, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued
                                 financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the
                                 error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, any Incentive-Based Compensation earned by a
                                 current or former Executive Officer during the three fiscal years preceding the required accounting restatement will be subject to the
                                 applicable recovery or “clawback” provisions of the BHP Malus and Clawback Policy.


           9.5          Board’s overriding discretion




For personal use only
                        For avoidance of doubt, and despite anything else in these rules, the Board has an overriding discretion to exercise any powers under this rule 9:
                        (a)      at each decision point relating to a grant of Incentive Securities, including during the applicable Vesting Period; and
                        (b)      whether or not the employment or engagement of the Participant has ceased.


           10           Forfeiture of Shares

                        (a)      Where Shares (including Restricted Shares) are forfeited in accordance with these Rules and the Shares are held by the Participant, the
                                 Participant is deemed to have agreed to dispose of their legal and/or beneficial interest (as appropriate) in such Shares for nil
                                 consideration and the Shares will be transferred into the name of the Company’s nominee who will then hold full legal and beneficial
                                 title to those Shares.
                        (b)      Where Shares (including Restricted Shares) are forfeited in accordance with these Rules and the Shares are held by the Trustee, the
                                 Participant’s rights in the Shares will be extinguished for nil consideration. Where these Shares are already held by an employee share
                                 trust, the Shares will be held as general trust property in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, or in other cases, the Shares will
                                 be transferred into the name of the Company’s nominee who will then hold full legal and beneficial title to those Shares. The Board
                                 may, at any time in the future, direct the Trustee to hold the Shares for the benefit of a different or new Participant.
                        (c)      Where a Participant forfeits Shares allocated to them on exercise of Options pursuant to these Rules, the Company may, but need not,
                                 repay to the Participant any Exercise Price paid by the Participant in respect of the forfeited Shares.

                                                                                                                                                                           14
           11           Cessation of employment

           11.1         Board discretion on cessation
                        (a)     The Board, in its discretion, may determine that some or all of a Participant’s unvested Incentive Securities, vested but unexercised
                                Incentive Securities, and unawarded Cash Amounts, as applicable:
                                (1)     lapse;
                                (2)     are forfeited;
                                (3)     Vest (immediately or subject to conditions);
                                (4)     are awarded (immediately or subject to conditions);
                                (5)     are only exercisable for a prescribed period and will otherwise lapse;
                                (6)     are subject to modified Vesting Conditions than those that previously applied; and/or
                                (7)     are no longer subject to some or any of the restrictions (including any Vesting Condition) that previously applied,
                                as a result of the Participant ceasing employment with the Group.
                        (b)     The Board may specify in the Offer to the Participant (in accordance with rule 1.2) how the Participant’s Incentive Securities and Cash
                                Amounts will be treated on cessation of employment. The applicable treatment may vary depending on the circumstances in which the
                                Participant’s employment ceases. In specifying a cessation treatment to apply to an Offer, the Board may preserve some or all of its
                                discretion under rule 11.1(a).
                        (c)     Notwithstanding anything else in this rule 11, where:
                                (1)     a Participant ceases their employment with a Group company;
                                (2)     the reason for the cessation is due to the transfer of the Participant’s employment to another Group company or to a joint
                                        venture in which a Group company participates; and




For personal use only
                                (3)     prior to the Participant ceasing employment, the CEO of the Company (or their delegate) consented to the transfer,
                                the Participant will be treated as though their employment did not cease and rules 11.1(a) and 11.2 do not apply, unless the Board
                                determines otherwise.


           11.2         Post cessation discretions
                        (a)     The Board may exercise any of the post cessation discretions in rule 11.2(b) in respect of a Participant who has:
                                (1)     ceased to be employed by the Group; and
                                (2)     received or may receive remuneration or favourable treatment under these Rules or any other plan or agreement with the Group
                                        in connection with their cessation of employment (including where entitlements Vest or remain on foot or are awarded after
                                        cessation of employment in accordance with their terms),
                                where the Board determines in good faith that:
                                (3)     the Participant has breached a Post Cessation Covenant; or

                                                                                                                                                                        15
                                 (4)     a change in the Participant’s circumstances since they ceased to be employed by the Group means it is no longer appropriate for
                                         the Participant to retain the benefits outlined in rule 11.2(a)(2) above. These circumstances may include, for example, where the
                                         Participant commences employment with a Competitor, or where the Participant purported to retire from the workforce and
                                         subsequently recommences employment.
                        (b)      For the purposes of rule 11.2(a) and subject to rule 4.3(e), the Board may do any one or more of the following:
                                 (1)     deem any Cash Amount or unvested Incentive Securities of the Participant to have lapsed or be forfeited with effect from the
                                         date determined by the Board;
                                 (2)     deem all or any Shares (including Restricted Shares) allocated under these Rules that are still held by or on behalf of the
                                         Participant to be forfeited;
                                 (3)     where any Shares (including Restricted Shares) allocated to a Participant under these Rules (including on Vesting of Incentive
                                         Securities) have been sold by or on behalf of the Participant, require the Participant to pay all or part of the net proceeds of that
                                         sale to the Company as a debt; and/or
                                 (4)     where cash has been allocated to a Participant on Vesting of Incentive Securities, including in the form of a dividend or dividend
                                         equivalent payment made under rule 14.2, or where a Cash Amount has been paid, require the Participant to repay all or part of
                                         the cash to the Company as a debt.


           11.3         Approved leave of absence
                        Subject to applicable laws, at the discretion of the Board, a Participant who is granted an approved leave of absence and who exercises their right
                        to return to work under any applicable award, enterprise agreement, other agreement, statute or regulation may be treated as not having ceased to
                        be an employee for the purposes of the Rules. Whether a Participant who is granted leave without pay is deemed to have ceased employment
                        will be determined with reference to the Group’s policies and any applicable laws.


           12           Change of Control




For personal use only
           12.1         Change of Control Events
                        (a)      Where there is a Change of Control Event, the Board may, in its absolute discretion, determine the treatment of any Incentive Securities
                                 and/or Cash Amount, including that:
                                 (1)     all or a specified number of a Participant’s Incentive Securities remain on foot subject to the original terms of grant, Vest, lapse,
                                         be forfeited or cease to be subject to restrictions (as applicable); and
                                 (2)     all or a portion of a Participant’s Cash Amount remain on foot subject to the original terms of grant, is awarded, lapses or is
                                         forfeited (as applicable).
                        (b)      For the avoidance of doubt:
                                 (1)     a Change of Control Event does not include an internal reorganisation of the structure, business and/or assets of the Group; and
                                 (2)     if the Board does not make a determination pursuant to rule 12.1(a), then all of a Participant’s Incentive Securities and Cash
                                         Amounts will remain on foot subject to the original terms of grant.

                                                                                                                                                                            16
                        (c)      Any unvested Incentive Securities that do not Vest and unawarded Cash Amounts that do not become payable under rule 12.1(a) will
                                 lapse or be forfeited, unless the Board determines a different treatment.
                        (d)      The Board may specify in the Offer to the Participant (in accordance with rule 1.2) a particular treatment that will apply to unvested
                                 Incentive Securities and unawarded Cash Amounts in the context of a Change of Control Event or other change of Control.


           12.2         Notification of Vesting
                        Where some or all of a Participant’s Incentive Securities Vest and/or some or all of a Participant’s Cash Amounts become payable pursuant to
                        rule 12.1, the Company (or its delegate) will, as soon as reasonably practicable, give written notice to each Participant of the number of Incentive
                        Securities that have Vested and the amount of the Cash Amount that has been awarded.


           12.3         Treatment of Vested Incentive Securities
                        (a)      The Board has the discretion to determine the treatment of all Vested Incentive Securities (including those that Vest in accordance with
                                 rule 12.1) where a Change of Control Event occurs.
                        (b)      Without limiting the Board’s discretion in rule 12.3(a), the Board may determine that all Vested Options and Rights must be exercised
                                 within a period specified by the Board and will lapse if not exercised within the specified period.


           12.4         Acquisition of shares in Acquiring Company
                        (a)      If:
                                 (1)     a company (Acquiring Company) obtains Control of the Company as a result of a Change of Control Event; and
                                 (2)     the Company and the Acquiring Company agree,
                                 subject to applicable laws (including the Listing Rules) a Participant may, upon:




For personal use only
                                 (3)     Vesting (and, if applicable, exercise) of Rights; or
                                 (4)     exercise of Options,
                                 be provided with shares of the Acquiring Company or its parent or subsidiary in lieu of Shares in such manner as the Company and the
                                 Acquiring Company may agree (including by a replacement security or exchange of Shares issued on Vesting or exercise) and on
                                 substantially the same terms and on substantially the same conditions but with any necessary or appropriate adjustments to the number
                                 and kind of shares.
                        (b)      If rule 12.4(a) applies, the Participant appoints the Company as their agent to do anything needed to give effect to this arrangement,
                                 including agreeing to become a member of the Acquiring Company or its parent (as applicable).


           12.5         Divestment of material business or subsidiary
                        (a)      Where the Company divests a business designated by the Board for this purpose as “material”, the Board may make special rules that
                                 apply to some or all of an affected Participant’s Incentive Securities and Cash Amount.
                        (b)      Without limiting the Board’s discretion in rule 12.5(a), such rules may include varying the Vesting Condition and/or any other relevant
                                 conditions advised to a Participant and deeming that a Participant remains an employee of the Group for a specific period for the
                                 purposes of the relevant Offers.

                                                                                                                                                                          17
                        (c)     As soon as reasonably practicable after making any special rules under this rule 12.5, the Board will give notice in writing of those
                                special rules to any affected Participant.
                        (d)     Any special rules made under this rule 12.5 will not be considered amendments for the purposes of rule 17.


           13           Power to adjust Rights, Options and/or Units and the Exercise Price

                        (a)     A grant of an Incentive Security carries no entitlement to participate in new issues of Shares by the Company prior to Vesting and
                                exercise (if applicable) of the Incentive Security.
                        (b)     Subject to rule 13(c), prior to the allocation of Shares (or payment of an equivalent cash amount) to a Participant upon Vesting (and, if
                                applicable, exercise) of Rights, Options or Units, the Board may grant additional Rights, Options or Units or make any adjustments it
                                considers appropriate to the terms of a Right, Option and/or Unit granted to that Participant in order to minimise or eliminate any
                                material advantage or disadvantage to a Participant resulting from a corporate action by, or capital reconstruction in relation to, the
                                Company, including but not limited to any return of capital. Adjustments that may be made include adjustments to:
                                (1)    the number of Rights, Options or Units to which the Participant is entitled;
                                (2)    the number of Shares to which the Participant is entitled upon Vesting (and, if applicable, exercise) of Rights or exercise of
                                       Options;
                                (3)    any amount payable on Vesting of Rights (and if applicable exercise) or exercise of Options (including the Exercise Price); or
                                (4)    a combination of paragraphs (1), (2) and/or (3) above.
                        (c)     Without limiting rule 13(b), if:
                                (1)    Shares are issued pro rata to the Company’s shareholders generally by way of a rights issue, Options will be adjusted in
                                       accordance with ASX Listing Rule 6.22.2 (or any replacement rule);
                                (2)    Shares are issued pro rata to the Company’s shareholders generally by way of a bonus issue (other than an issue in lieu of




For personal use only
                                       dividends or by way of a dividend reinvestment) involving capitalisation of reserves or distributable profits, Options and Rights
                                       will be adjusted in the manner allowed or required by the ASX Listing Rules; or
                                (3)    any reorganisation (including consolidation, subdivision, reduction or return) of the issued capital of the Company is effected,
                                       Options and Rights will be adjusted in the manner required by the ASX Listing Rules.
                        (d)     Where additional Rights, Options or Units are granted to the Participant under this rule 13, such Rights, Options or Units will be subject
                                to the same terms and conditions as the original Rights, Options or Units granted to the Participant (including without limitation, any
                                Vesting Conditions), unless the Board determines otherwise.
                        (e)     The Board must, as soon as reasonably practicable after making any additional grants or adjustments under this rule 13, give notice in
                                writing to any affected Participant.

                                                                                                                                                                          18
           14           Dividends and other rights

           14.1         Dividends and other rights associated with Shares
                        (a)     Subject to the terms of any Trust Deed (if applicable) or Offer, the following rules apply in respect of Shares allocated to, or on behalf
                                of, a Participant under these Rules (including Restricted Shares allocated under rule 4.1):
                                (1)    the Participant is entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions or benefits payable to the Participant or to the Trustee
                                       in respect of the Shares;
                                (2)    the Participant is entitled to exercise, or to direct the Trustee in writing how to exercise, the voting rights attaching to the Shares,
                                       either generally or in a particular case;
                                (3)    any bonus shares that are issued in respect of the Shares will be issued to the Participant, or to the Trustee on the Participant’s
                                       behalf, and will be held by the Participant or Trustee as Shares subject to the same terms, conditions and restrictions on Dealing
                                       (if any) as the Shares in respect of which they were issued; and
                                (4)    if rights arise on a rights issue in respect of the Shares, the Participant may Deal with or exercise those rights, or instruct the
                                       Trustee (if applicable) in relation to those rights in accordance with the Trust Deed. If the Shares are held by the Trustee on the
                                       Participant’s behalf and the Participant does not instruct the Trustee how to Deal with the rights, the rights will be dealt with in
                                       accordance with the Trust Deed.


           14.2         Dividend equivalent payments and other rights
                        (a)     Unless or until Shares are allocated to a Participant following Vesting or exercise of their Rights or Options (as applicable), the
                                Participant has no interest in those Shares in respect of which the Right or Option was granted.
                        (b)     Notwithstanding rule 14.2(a), the Board may determine at the time an Offer is made that a dividend equivalent payment will be paid to
                                a Participant who becomes entitled to an allocation of Shares (or equivalent cash amount) following the Vesting or exercise of Rights,
                                Options or Units under that Offer (minus any applicable tax).




For personal use only
                        (c)     A Participant will have no right to receive a dividend equivalent payment made in respect of any Rights, Options or Units that lapse
                                under these Rules.
                        (d)     Subject to the terms of any Offer, unless the Board determines otherwise, a dividend equivalent payment:
                                (1)    will only be paid following Vesting or exercise of Rights, Options or Units (as applicable);
                                (2)    will be an amount determined by the Company that will be approximately equal to the amount of dividends that would have
                                       been payable to the Participant had they been the owner of the Shares referred to in rule 14.2(b) during the Vesting Period;
                                (3)    will not be grossed up or otherwise adjusted to account for any tax consequences which would have applied if the Participant
                                       had actually been paid a dividend; and
                                (4)    may be satisfied through the allocation of Shares or payment of cash.

                                                                                                                                                                            19
           15           Custody Arrangements

                        (a)    Legal title to any Shares which are due to be transferred to the Participant pursuant to the Plan may (notwithstanding any other Rule) be
                               transferred to a person (the “Custodian”) appointed by the Company from time to time to hold legal title to such Shares on behalf of
                               the Participant.
                        (b)    The Custodian will receive and hold Shares on behalf of the Participant in accordance with such terms and conditions as are agreed by
                               the Company from time to time, and by participating in the Plan the Participant irrevocably agrees to those terms and conditions (which
                               will be made available to the Participant on request to the Company).
                        (c)    The transfer of any Shares to the Custodian will satisfy any obligation of the Company under the Plan to transfer Shares to the
                               Participant (and references in the Plan to Shares (or legal title thereof) having been transferred to the Participant will be read
                               accordingly)


           16           Withholding

                        (a)    Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Rules, if a Group company, the Trustee or a plan administrator is obliged, or reasonably
                               believes it may have an obligation, as a result of or in connection with any:
                               (1)     grant of Incentive Securities;
                               (2)     allocation of Shares under these Rules; or
                               (3)     payment of any amounts including a Cash Amount, cash equivalent amount or dividend equivalent amount,
                               to account for any liability of a Participant, including:
                               (4)     income tax or employment taxes under any wage, withholding or other arrangements; or
                               (5)     any other Tax, social security contributions or levy or charge of a similar nature,




For personal use only
                               then the relevant Group company, Trustee or plan administrator is entitled to withhold or be reimbursed by the Participant for the
                               amount or amounts so paid or payable.
                        (b)    Where rule 16(a) applies, the relevant Group company, the Trustee or plan administrator is not obliged to grant any Incentive Securities,
                               to allocate Shares or to make a cash payment in accordance with these Rules unless the Company is satisfied that arrangements for
                               payment or reimbursement of the amounts referred to in rule 16(a) have been made. Those arrangements may include, without
                               limitation:
                               (1)     the provision by the Participant of sufficient funds to reimburse the relevant Group company, Trustee or plan administrator for
                                       the amount (by salary deduction, reduction of any amount owed by the Group to the Participant or otherwise);
                               (2)     the sale on behalf of the Participant of Shares allocated pursuant to these Rules for payment or reimbursement of these amounts,
                                       as well as the costs of any such sale;
                               (3)     a reduction in any amount payable to the Participant on Vesting of a Cash Amount or Units or in lieu of an allocation of Shares
                                       under these Rules;
                               (4)     the Participant forgoing their entitlement to an equivalent number of Shares that would otherwise be allocated to the Participant;
                                       or

                                                                                                                                                                      20
                                 (5)    lapse or forfeiture of a portion of a Cash Amount or a sufficient number of Units, Rights, Options and/or Shares to satisfy the
                                        debt the Participant owes to the relevant Group company, Trustee or plan administrator.
                        (c)      Unless the Group company, Trustee or plan administrator (as applicable) and the Participant agree to use a different valuation, any
                                 Units, Rights, Options and/or Shares lapsed or forfeited (as applicable) under this rule will be valued at the Current Market Price on the
                                 date of lapse or forfeiture.
                        (d)      Any amounts which are paid or payable for the purposes of these Rules are inclusive of the Group’s compulsory superannuation
                                 contribution (if applicable).
                        (e)      The Board may require any Participant, as a condition of the allocation of any Incentive Securities, to enter into an agreement
                                 transferring any liability of any Group company to social security contributions or any Tax in respect of those Incentive Securities or
                                 Shares.


           17           Amendments

           17.1         Power to make amendments
                        (a)      Subject to rule 17.2 and rule 6.1(c), the Board may at any time by resolution:
                                 (1)    amend or add to (amend) all or any of the provisions of these Rules;
                                 (2)    amend the terms or conditions of any Incentive Security granted or Cash Amount Offered under these Rules; or
                                 (3)    suspend or terminate the operation of these Rules or any incentive plan operated in connection with these Rules.
                        (b)      Notwithstanding rule 17.2, the Board may waive, amend or replace any Vesting Condition attaching to an Incentive Security if the
                                 Board determines that the original Vesting Condition is no longer appropriate or applicable (including, without limitation, where a
                                 Vesting Condition refers to a particular stock market index that is no longer published or there is a corporate action by the Company,
                                 including a discounted rights issue, which impacts on the Vesting Condition), provided that the interests of the relevant Participant are
                                 not, in the opinion of the Board, materially prejudiced or advantaged relative to the position reasonably anticipated at the time of the




For personal use only
                                 grant.


           17.2         Restrictions on amendments
                        Without the consent of the Participant, the Board may not exercise its powers under rule 17.1(a) in a manner which reduces the rights of the
                        Participant in respect of any Incentive Security or Share already granted under these Rules other than an amendment introduced primarily:
                        (a)      for the purpose of complying with or addressing present or future laws or regulatory developments that apply to one or more of the
                                 following:
                                 (1)    the remuneration and benefits of Participants (collectively or individually);
                                 (2)    awards of Incentive Securities; and
                                 (3)    these Rules or incentive plans generally;
                        (b)      to correct any manifest error or mistake; or
                        (c)      to take into consideration possible adverse tax implications arising from, amongst others, adverse rulings, changes to tax legislation
                                 and/or changes in the interpretation of tax legislation by a court of competent jurisdiction.

                                                                                                                                                                           21
           17.3         Notice of amendment
                        As soon as reasonably practicable after making any amendment under rule 17.1, the Board will give notice in writing of that amendment to any
                        Participant affected by the amendment.


           18           Participants based overseas

           18.1         Overseas transfers
                        If a Participant is transferred to work in another country and the Participant continues to hold an office or employment with the Group, the Board
                        may decide that:
                        (a)      some or all of the Participant’s Cash Amounts, Units or Restricted Shares will Vest;
                        (b)      some or all of the Participant’s Options or Rights will Vest and if applicable, become exercisable;
                        (c)      some or all of the Participant’s Options or Rights will be settled in cash in lieu of Shares;
                        (d)      some or all of the Participant’s unvested Incentive Securities will be forfeited and replaced with cash or an entitlement to a future cash
                                 amount; or
                        (e)      any other treatment that the Board determines will apply in relation to some or all of a Participant’s Incentive Securities or Cash
                                 Amounts,
                        (f)      with the balance (if any) continuing to be held on the original terms.


           18.2         Non-Australian residents
                        The Board may adopt additional rules that will apply to a grant made to an Eligible Employee who is a resident in a jurisdiction other than
                        Australia. The remaining provisions of these Rules will apply subject to whatever alterations or additions the Board may determine having
                        regard to any securities, exchange control, taxation or other laws and/or regulations or any other matter that the Board considers directly or




For personal use only
                        indirectly relevant. To the extent of any inconsistency, any additional rules adopted by the Board under this rule will prevail over any other
                        provision of these Rules.


           18.3         Non-Australian taxpayers
                        Where a Participant is resident for tax purposes outside of Australia, the Board may require, as a term of grant or Vesting, that the Participant
                        enter into with the Company (or any Group company) any tax election as may be required in respect of the Incentive Securities or Shares to be
                        allocated under these Rules.


           19           Misleading statements and omissions where monetary consideration is provided by Participants

                        The provisions of this rule 19 apply only where an Offer of Incentive Securities is received in Australia and the Participant pays or provides
                        monetary consideration under the terms of the Offer.


           19.1         Additional disclosure
                        The terms of an Offer, comprising these Rules, the Offer made under rule 1 and any supporting information (collectively in this rule 19 the
                        ‘Offer Documents’), must comply with any applicable disclosure obligations under Division 1A of Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act as
                        amended from time to time.

                                                                                                                                                                            22
           19.2         Misleading Statements and Omissions
                        (a)         The Offer Documents must not include a misleading or deceptive statement and must not omit any information that would result in the
                                    Offer Documents being misleading or deceptive.
                        (b)         The Company must provide the Participant with an updated offer document as soon as practicable after becoming aware during the
                                    application period stated in the Offer Document that an Offer Document provided to a Participant has become out of date, or is
                                    otherwise not correct, in a material respect.
                        (c)         The directors of the Company or any person named, with their consent, in the Offer Documents (each a ‘Relevant Person’) must notify
                                    the Company in writing as soon as practicable if, during the application period stated in the Offer Documents, the Relevant Person
                                    becomes aware that:
                                    (1)    a material statement in the Offer Documents is misleading or deceptive;
                                    (2)    information was omitted from any of the Offer Documents that has resulted in one or more of the Offer Documents being
                                           misleading or deceptive; or
                                    (3)    a new circumstance has arisen during the application period which means the Offer Document is out of date, or otherwise not
                                           correct, in a material respect.


           19.3         Liability
                        Subject to rule 19.4, a participant who suffers loss or damage because of a contravention of rule 19.2, may recover the amount of the loss or
                        damage from:
                        (a)         the Company;
                        (b)         each director of the Company;
                        (c)         each person named in the Offer Documents, with their consent, as a proposed director of the Company;
                        (d)         in the case of a misleading or deceptive statement or omission — a person named, with their consent, in the Offer Documents as having




For personal use only
                                    made the misleading or deceptive statement, or a statement on which the misleading or deceptive statement is based; and
                        (e)         in the case of a failure by a Relevant Person to notify the Company of a misleading or deceptive statement, omission or new
                                    circumstance — the Relevant Person.


           19.4         Limitation of Liability
                        The Company or a Relevant Person is not liable for any loss or damage suffered by a Participant because of a contravention of rule 19.2, if:
                        (a)         the Company or the Relevant Person made all inquiries (if any) that were reasonable in the circumstances and, after doing so, believed
                                    on reasonable grounds that the statement was not misleading or deceptive;
                        (b)         the Company or the Relevant Person did not know that the statement was misleading or deceptive;
                        (c)         the Company placed reasonable reliance on information given to the Company by someone other than a director, employee or agent of
                                    the Company, or the Relevant Person placed reasonable reliance on information given to the Relevant Person by someone other than an
                                    employee or agent of the Relevant Person;

                                                                                                                                                                         23
                        (d)     if the Relevant Person is a person who was named, with their consent, in the Offer Documents, as a proposed director of the Company
                                or otherwise, the person proves that they publicly withdrew their consent to being named in the Offer Documents in that way; or
                        (e)     the contravention arose because of a new circumstance that arose since the Offer Document was prepared and the Relevant Person
                                proves that they were not aware of the matter.


           20           Miscellaneous

           20.1         Shares issued under these Rules
                        (a)     Any Shares issued under these Rules will rank equally in all respects with other Shares for the time being on issue by the Company (for
                                example, having rights with respect to voting, dividends and other distributions, and in the event of a winding up of the Company),
                                except
                                (1)     in relation to any rights attaching to such Shares by reference to a record date prior to the date of their issue; or
                                (2)     as provided for in accordance with rule 14.1.
                        (b)     If the Company is listed, the Company will apply for quotation of Shares issued under these Rules within the period required by the
                                Listing Rules.


           20.2         Rights and obligations of Participants
                        (a)     An Eligible Employee has no right to receive an Offer under these Rules.
                        (b)     Unless the subject of an express provision in an employment contract, the rights and obligations of any Participant under the terms of
                                their office, employment or contract with the Group are not affected by their participation in the Offer.
                        (c)     Participation in the Offer does not confer on any Participant any right to future employment and does not affect any rights which any
                                member of the Group may have to terminate the employment of any Participant.




For personal use only
                        (d)     These Rules will not form part of and are not incorporated into any contract of any Participant (whether or not they are an employee of
                                the Group) including, for the avoidance of doubt, any contract of employment between the Participant and any past or present Group
                                company.
                        (e)     The grant of Incentive Securities or an offer of a Cash Amount on a particular basis in any year does not create any right or expectation
                                of the grant of Incentive Securities or an offer of a Cash Amount on the same basis, or at all, in any future year.
                        (f)     No Participant has any right to compensation for any loss in relation to these Rules or an Offer, including:
                                (1)     any loss or reduction of any rights or expectations under these Rules or an Offer in any circumstances or for any reason
                                        (including lawful or unlawful termination of employment or the employment relationship);
                                (2)     any exercise of a discretion or a decision taken in relation to a grant of Incentive Securities or an offer of a Cash Amount or in
                                        relation to these Rules, or any failure to exercise a discretion under these Rules;
                                (3)     the operation, suspension, termination or amendment of these Rules or any Offer; or

                                                                                                                                                                             24
                                 (4)    lapse or forfeiture (as applicable) of any Incentive Securities or Cash Amount.
                        (g)      The Participant irrevocably appoints each company secretary of the Company (or any other officer of the Company authorised by the
                                 Board for this purpose) as their attorney to do anything necessary to:
                                 (1)    allocate Shares to the Participant in accordance with these Rules;
                                 (2)    effect a forfeiture of Shares in accordance with these Rules (including rule 10 or the terms of an Offer); and
                                 (3)    execute transfers of Shares in accordance with these Rules,
                                 and the Participant acknowledges that this irrevocable attorney is deemed to be given for valuable consideration.
                        (h)      The invalidity or non-enforceability of any provision or Rule will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions
                                 and Rules which will continue in full force and effect.
                        (i)      Notwithstanding any provisions of these Rules, if required by the Company the transfer of Shares on Vesting will be conditional on the
                                 Participant entering into (and may be delayed until the Participant has entered into), such documentation as is reasonably required to
                                 facilitate the holding of legal title to Shares on behalf of the Participant by any nominee (including a custodian), which may include any
                                 documentation in respect of “know-your-client” processes or worldwide common reporting processes.


           20.3         Power of the Board to administer these Rules
                        (a)      These Rules are administered by the Board which has power to:
                                 (1)    determine procedures for administration of these Rules, including to implement an employee share trust (or to impose a holding
                                        lock) for the purposes of delivering and holding Shares on behalf of Participants upon the grant of Restricted Shares or the
                                        Vesting (and, if applicable, exercise) of Rights or exercise of Options; and
                                 (2)    delegate to any one or more persons for such period and on such conditions as it may determine the exercise of any of its
                                        powers or discretions arising under these Rules.
                        (b)      Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Rules, the Board has absolute and unfettered discretion to act or refrain from acting




For personal use only
                                 under or in connection with these Rules and in the exercise of any power or discretion under these Rules.


           20.4         Overriding Board discretion
                        Subject to rule 4.3(e), the Listing Rules and any other applicable law, and notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules or the terms of an
                        Offer, the Board may, in its absolute discretion, determine that a Cash Amount or the number of Rights, Options, Units and/or Restricted Shares
                        that Vest will be greater or lower than the Cash Amount or the number of Rights, Options, Units and/or Restricted Shares which would otherwise
                        have been eligible to Vest in accordance with these Rules and the terms of the applicable Offer.


           20.5         Waiver of terms and conditions
                        Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Board may at any time waive in whole or in part any terms or conditions (including any
                        Vesting Condition) in relation to any Cash Amounts or Incentive Securities or Shares granted to a Participant.

                                                                                                                                                                            25
           20.6         Application of constitution of the Company, Corporations Act, Listing Rules and other applicable laws
                        (a)      Offers under these Rules must be operated in accordance with the constitution of the Company, the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules,
                                 other applicable laws and regulations (including the EU Market Abuse Regulation (regulation (EU) 596/2014), retained in UK law as
                                 “UK MAR”).
                        (b)      Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Rules, Incentive Securities and Shares will not be allocated, issued, acquired, transferred
                                 or otherwise dealt with under these Rules, and no other benefit will be deliverable under these Rules, if to do so would:
                                 (1)     contravene the constitution of the Company, the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules, or any other applicable laws (including
                                         any applicable foreign law);
                                 (2)     give rise to unreasonable cost or regulatory requirements for the Company or any Group company; or
                                 (3)     require the Company or any Group company to pay, provide, or procure the payment or provision of, any money or benefits to
                                         the Participant which would require shareholder approval under Part 2D.2, Division 2 of the Corporations Act.
                        (c)      For the avoidance of doubt, the Company has no obligation to seek shareholder approval to deliver any benefit under these Rules that
                                 cannot be delivered without shareholder approval.


           20.7         Error in Allocation
                        (a)      If any Incentive Security is provided under these Rules in error or by mistake to a person (Mistaken Recipient) who is not the intended
                                 recipient, the Mistaken Recipient will have no right or interest, and will be taken never to have had any right or interest in, that
                                 Incentive Security and the Incentive Security will immediately lapse or be forfeited (as applicable).
                        (b)      If any cash payment is paid under these Rules in error or by mistake to a person who is not the intended recipient (Mistaken
                                 Recipient), the Mistaken Recipient will have no right to retain that cash payment and the Company may take whatever steps it deems
                                 reasonably necessary to seek repayment of that cash payment as a debt.




For personal use only
           20.8         Exchange Rate
                        A payment under these Rules may be made in a currency other than Australian dollars, in which case the amount of such payment will be
                        converted into such other currency on such basis as the Board may reasonably decide.


           20.9         Dispute or disagreement
                        In the event of any dispute, disagreement or uncertainty as to the interpretation of these Rules, or as to any question or right arising from or
                        related to these Rules or to any Incentive Securities, Cash Amounts or Shares granted under it, the decision of the Board is final and binding.


           20.10 Communication
                        Any notice or other communication provided to a Participant under or in connection with these Rules may be given by personal delivery or by
                        sending it by post or email to the Participant, or by posting it on the Company’s intranet.

                                                                                                                                                                           26
           20.11 Data protection
                        (a)   Subject to any applicable laws, by participating in an Offer, the Participant consents to the holding and processing of personal data or
                              other similar matters set out in the Offer provided by the Participant to the Group, the plan administrator or the Trustee, for all purposes
                              with regard to the operation of these Rules. These include, but are not limited to:
                              (1)    administering and maintaining Participant records;
                              (2)    providing information to the Trustee, registrars, brokers, printers or third party plan administrators;
                              (3)    providing information to any regulatory authority (including the Australian Taxation Office) where required under law; and
                              (4)    providing information to future purchasers of a Group company or the business in which the Participant works.
                        (b)   Without limiting the terms of an Offer, by participating in an Offer and allowing the Company to grant Incentive Securities or award a
                              Cash Amount under these Rules, the Participant:
                              (1)    acknowledges that the Group, the plan administrator and/or the Trustee may be required or authorised to collect the personal
                                     data under laws including the Tax Act, the Taxation Administration Act 1953 (Cth) and the Corporations Act, and that limited
                                     details about shareholders are available to members of the public on request;
                              (2)    confirms they have reviewed the Privacy Policy, and acknowledges that the Privacy Policy applies to the Group’s handling of
                                     their personal data, and contains further details about the countries to which personal data may be disclosed, requesting access
                                     to and updating of personal data and how to raise queries and concerns; and
                              (3)    agrees that if their personal data is disclosed to a third party in a country outside Australia, the Group will not be accountable
                                     under Australian privacy law for the conduct of the recipient in relation to that personal data, and the Participant may not be
                                     able to seek redress under Australian privacy law.
                        (c)   Without limiting rules 20.11(a) or 20.11(b), by allowing the Company to grant Incentive Securities or award a Cash Amount under
                              these Rules, the Participant agrees, subject to rule 20.11(d):
                              (1)    the Australian tax file number (TFN) or foreign equivalent tax identification number (TIN) they have provided to the Group as




For personal use only
                                     an employee of the Group (where applicable) being provided to any plan administrator, as agent for the Company and also as
                                     administrator of these Rules; and
                              (2)    their TFN or TIN (where applicable) being provided to the Australian Taxation Office and any other regulatory authorities,
                                     including in foreign jurisdictions as required and permitted under law.
                        (d)   Rule 20.11(c) is voluntary and the Participant should notify the Company if they wish to withdraw agreement to that rule at any time.
                              Participants who withdraw agreement from rule 20.11(c) may be subject to withholding tax deductions under the Taxation
                              Administration Act 1953 (Cth).
                        (e)   To the extent that the processing of the personal data of a Participant is not subject to EU Regulation 2016/679 (EU GDPR), the UK
                              General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) or the UK Data Protection Act 2018, each Participant consents to the holding and
                              processing of personal data as referred to in this rule 20.11.

                                                                                                                                                                          27
                        (f)      Rule 20.11(e) does not apply in respect of any Participant the processing of whose personal data is subject to EU GDPR, UK GDPR or
                                 the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the legal grounds for the processing of the personal data of such Participant will (depending on
                                 the nature and purpose of any specific instance of processing) be one of:
                                 (1)    such processing being necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the Company and each other Group company in
                                        incentivising their officers and employees and operating these Rules;
                                 (2)    such processing being necessary for the purposes of any relevant data controller in respect of such personal data complying with
                                        its legal obligations; and
                                 (3)    such processing being necessary for the performance of the contractual obligations arising under these Rules.
                                 The collection and processing of such personal data for such purposes is a contractual requirement of participation in these Rules.
                                 Details in relation to the processing of such personal data referred to in this rule 20.11(f), and of the Participant’s rights in connection
                                 with such processing, are available in the Global Employee Privacy Notice (or any similar provisions of any employee privacy policy
                                 or employee handbook) operated from time to time by any Group company in respect of such Participant, and any such Participant may
                                 obtain such notice or policy from their employing company.
                                 The personal data to be processed as referred to in this Rule 20.11 may be disclosed or transferred to, and/or processed by: (i) any
                                 professional advisors of any Group company, any revenue, regulatory or governmental authorities, (ii) a Trustee; any registrars, brokers,
                                 other third party administrators (or similar) appointed in connection with any employee share or incentive plans operated by any Group
                                 company, or any person appointed (whether by the Participant or any Group company) to act as nominee on behalf of (or provide a
                                 similar service to) the Participant; (iii) subject to appropriate confidentiality undertakings, any prospective purchasers of, and/or any
                                 person who obtains Control of or acquires, the Company or the whole or part of the business of the Group; or (iv) any Group Company
                                 and officers, employees or agents of such Group company.
                                 In this rule 20.11(f), “personal data” and “data controller” each have the meaning given in EU GDPR or UK GDPR as appropriate.


           20.12 Tax
                        Unless otherwise required by law, no Group Company is responsible for any Tax which may become payable by a Participant as a consequence




For personal use only
                        of or in connection with the grant of any Incentive Securities, payment of Cash Amounts, the allocation of any Shares or any Dealing with any
                        Incentive Securities or any Shares.


           20.13 Laws governing these Rules
                        These Rules, and any Cash Amounts offered and awarded, Incentive Securities granted and Shares allocated under them, are governed by the
                        laws of Victoria and the Commonwealth of Australia.

                                                                                                                                                                          28
                                                                              PART D




           21           Definition and Interpretation

           21.1         Definitions

                        Term                            Meaning

                        Acquiring Company               has the meaning given in rule 12.4(a)
                        ASX                             ASX Limited ACN 008 624 691 or the Australian Securities Exchange, as the context requires
                        BHP Malus and Clawback Policy   the Group’s policy regarding malus and clawback in respect of Incentive Securities and Cash
                                                        Amounts, as amended from time to time
                        Board                           the board of directors of the Company, any committee of the board or a person or body to which the
                                                        board has delegated its powers, or some of its powers, for the purposes these Rules
                        Cash Amount                     a cash bonus amount receivable by an Eligible Employee under these Rules subject to satisfaction of
                                                        applicable conditions (including any Vesting Conditions or Vesting Period)
                        Change of Control Event         where there is a:
                                                        1   Takeover Bid for Shares; or
                                                        2   other transaction, event or state of affairs,
                                                        that, in the Board’s opinion, is likely to result in, or should otherwise be treated as, a change in the
                                                        Control of the Company




For personal use only
                        Code of Conduct                 the Company’s Code of Conduct (or equivalent), as amended or replaced from time to time
                        Company                         BHP Group Limited ACN 004 028 077
                        Competitor                      any business that competes with the Group or a Group company
                        Control                         has the meaning given in section 50AA of the Corporations Act
                        Corporations Act                Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)

                                                                                                                                                                   29
                        Term                                  Meaning

                        Current Market Price                  the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average market price (rounded to the nearest
                                                              cent) of all Shares traded on the ASX during the previous ten trading days, or any other calculation as
                                                              determined by the Board
                        Custodian                             has the meaning given in rule 15
                        Deal or Dealing                       in relation to an Incentive Security or Share (as the case may be), any dealing, including but not
                                                              limited to:
                                                              1   a sale, transfer, assignment, encumbrance, option, swap, or any other alienation of all or any part
                                                                  of the rights attaching to the Incentive Security or Share;
                                                              2   any dealing, as that term is defined in the Company’s Securities Dealing Policy;
                                                              3   any attempt to do any of the actions set out in paragraph 1 above; and
                                                              4   any hedging (including any dealing with a derivative instrument) intended to “lock in” a profit
                                                                  relating to an Incentive Security, and any other transactions in financial products that operate to
                                                                  limit the economic risk associated with holding an Incentive Security
                        Director                              a director of the Company
                        Eligible Employee                     an employee of the Group (including a Director employed in an executive capacity) or any other
                                                              person who is declared by the Board to be eligible to receive a grant of Incentive Securities or cash
                                                              under these Rules
                        Executive Officer                     has the meaning given in section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual
                        Exercise Price                        the amount payable to exercise an Option following Vesting as set out in an Offer (as adjusted or
                                                              amended in accordance with these Rules)
                        Financial Misstatement Circumstance   1   a material misstatement or omission in the financial statements of a Group company; or




For personal use only
                                                              2   any other circumstances or events which, in the opinion of the Board, may, or are likely to, affect
                                                                  the Group’s financial soundness or require re-statement of the Group’s financial statements,
                                                              including, without limitation, as a result of misrepresentations, errors, omissions, or negligence
                                                              a material misstatement or omission in the financial statements of a Group company or any other
                                                              circumstances or events which, in the opinion of the Board, may, or are likely to, affect the Group’s
                                                              financial soundness or require re-statement of the Group’s financial statements, including, without
                                                              limitation, as a result of misrepresentations, errors, omissions, or negligence

                                                                                                                                                                      30
                        Term                           Meaning

                        Group                          the Company and each Related Body Corporate of the Company, including any other company or
                                                       entity designated by the Board to be a Group company for the purposes of these Rules, and which
                                                       includes BHP Mitsubishi Alliance Coal Operations Pty Ltd
                        Group company                  a member of the Group or any other company or entity designated by the Board to be a Group
                                                       company for the purposes of these Rules, and which includes BHP Mitsubishi Alliance Coal
                                                       Operations Pty Ltd
                        Incentive-Based Compensation   has the meaning given in section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual
                        Incentive Security             a Restricted Share, Right, Option and/or Unit (as the case may be)
                        Listing Rules                  the official Listing Rules of the ASX and any other exchange on which the Company is listed as they
                                                       apply to the Company from time to time
                        Offer                          an invitation to an Eligible Employee made by the Company under rule 1.1 to apply for, participate
                                                       in, or receive (as applicable), a grant of Incentive Securities or an award of a Cash Amount
                        Option                         an entitlement to receive a Share or, in certain circumstances, to a cash payment, subject to
                                                       satisfaction of applicable conditions (including any Vesting Condition) and compliance with the
                                                       applicable exercise procedure (including payment of any applicable Exercise Price or compliance
                                                       with any cashless exercise arrangement approved by the Board in its discretion)
                        Participant                    a person who has been offered a Cash Amount or allocated an Incentive Security or Share under the
                                                       terms of these Rules from time to time
                        Post Cessation Covenant        in respect of a Participant means:
                                                       1   a restriction or undertaking owed to the Group or a Group Company in connection with the
                                                           Participant’s former employment with the Group; or
                                                       2   any compromise or contractual arrangement in relation to the cessation of the Participant’s




For personal use only
                                                           employment with the Group
                        Privacy Policy                 the Group’s privacy policy, as amended from time to time, which can be found on the Group’s
                                                       website at https://www.bhp.com/privacy-policy, or such other Group policy in relation to privacy
                                                       laws as applicable from time to time

                                                                                                                                                            31
                        Term                        Meaning

                        Related Body Corporate      has the meaning given in section 50 of the Corporations Act
                        Restricted Share            a Share allocated in accordance with rule 4.1 that is subject to restrictions on Dealing, Vesting
                                                    Conditions and/or other restrictions or conditions
                        Right                       an entitlement to a Share or, in certain circumstances, to a cash payment, subject to satisfaction of
                                                    applicable conditions (including any Vesting Condition) and compliance with any applicable exercise
                                                    procedure
                        Rules                       the terms and conditions set out in this document, as amended from time to time
                        Securities Dealing Policy   the Group policy for trading in securities (as amended or replaced from time to time) or such other
                                                    Group policy in relation to trading or Dealing in Shares as applicable from time to time
                        Share                       a fully paid ordinary share in the capital of the Company. A reference to a Share includes a reference
                                                    to a Restricted Share
                        Subsidiary                  has the meaning given in section 46 of the Corporations Act
                        Takeover Bid                has the meaning given in section 9 of the Corporations Act
                        Tax                         includes any tax, levy, impost, goods and services tax, deduction, charge, rate, employee social
                                                    security contribution, other contribution, duty or withholding which is assessed (or deemed to be
                                                    assessed), levied, imposed or made by any government or any governmental, semi-governmental or
                                                    judicial entity or authority in any part of the world, together with any interest, penalty, fine, charge,
                                                    fee or other amount assessed (or deemed to be assessed), levied, imposed or made on or in respect of
                                                    any or all of the foregoing
                        Tax Act                     the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth)
                        Trust Deed                  in relation to an Offer, any trust deed or custodian deed nominated by the Company as the Trust Deed
                                                    for the purposes of the Offer, as amended from time to time




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           32
                        Term                                         Meaning

                        Trustee                                      the trustee under the Trust Deed and/or the custodian under the custodian deed (as applicable)
                        Unit                                         an entitlement to a cash payment that is equal to the Current Market Price of a specified number of
                                                                     Shares, also commonly known as a phantom share unit, subject to satisfaction of applicable
                                                                     conditions (including any Vesting Condition)
                        Vest or Vesting                              the process by which the holder of an Incentive Security becomes entitled to:
                                                                     1    in the case of a Right, exercise the Right (if applicable) or be allocated a Share (or equivalent
                                                                          cash payment) in accordance with rules 2.2 and 2.3;
                                                                     2    in the case of an Option, exercise the Option in accordance with rules 3.2 and 3.3;
                                                                     3    in the case of a Restricted Share, have all restrictions on disposing of or otherwise Dealing with
                                                                          the Restricted Share cease in accordance with rule 4.3 (other than any additional restrictions
                                                                          imposed by the Board under rule 7(c)); and
                                                                     4    in the case of a Unit, following the satisfaction of all Vesting Conditions that apply, being paid a
                                                                          cash payment in accordance with rules 5.2 and 5.3,
                                                                     and/or the process by which a Cash Amount is awarded to a Participant and becomes payable in
                                                                     accordance with rules 6.1 and 6.2
                        Vesting Condition                            performance, service or other conditions that must be satisfied or circumstances which must exist
                                                                     before an Incentive Security Vests or a Cash Amount is awarded under these Rules, advised to a
                                                                     Participant by the Board under rule 1.2
                        Vesting Period                               the prescribed period for satisfaction of a Vesting Condition, advised to a Participant by the Board
                                                                     under rule 1.2




For personal use only
           21.2         Interpretation
                        The following rules apply unless a contrary intention appears:
                        (a)       headings are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these Rules unless the context requires otherwise;
                        (b)       any reference in these Rules to any statute or statutory instrument includes a reference to that statute or statutory instrument as
                                  amended, consolidated, re-enacted or replaced from time to time;
                        (c)       a reference to any agreement or document includes a reference to that agreement or document as amended, novated, supplemented or
                                  amended from time to time;
                        (d)       any words denoting the singular include the plural and words denoting the plural include the singular;
                        (e)       where any word or phrase is given a definite meaning in these Rules, any part of speech or other grammatical form of that word or
                                  phrase has a corresponding meaning;
                        (f)       the word “includes” in any form is not a word of limitation; and
                        (g)       any determination, decision or exercise of power, by the Board will be at its absolute discretion.

                                                                                                                                                                              33
                                                                                                                                                             Addendum 1

           Provisions applicable to US Taxpayers

           This Addendum 1 contains certain rules and definitions that apply to any Participant who is subject to United States taxation, including any US tax
           resident or non-residents of the US who earn US-source compensation. The terms and conditions set out in this Addendum 1 apply to such US taxpayers
           and, as indicated in this Addendum 1, certain terms and conditions of these Rules will not apply to such US taxpayers. In the case of any conflict
           between the terms of these Rules and the terms of this Addendum 1 with respect to US taxpayers, the terms of this Addendum 1 will prevail.


           The Rules of Part B Section 2 (Rights)

           2.2          Vesting
                        With respect to a US taxpayer, where the exercise of the Right may be determined or postponed by the Board, the determination or postponement
                        of the exercise date shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) to the extent applicable. The
                        exercise date shall not be later than the tenth anniversary of the date of grant or earlier expiration date of the Right.


           The Rules of Part B Section 3 (Options)

           3.2          Vesting
                        With respect to a US taxpayer, where the exercise of the Option may be determined or postponed by the Board, the determination or
                        postponement of the exercise date shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the extent applicable. The exercise date
                        shall not be later than the tenth anniversary of the date of grant or earlier expiration date of the Option.
                        With respect to an Option granted to a US taxpayer, the Exercise Price must be not less than the fair market value of the Shares on the date of
                        grant.




For personal use only
           The Rules of Part B Section 5 (Units)

           5.2          Vesting
                        With respect to a US taxpayer, where the satisfaction of the Vesting of the Unit may be determined or postponed by the Board, the determination
                        or postponement of the satisfaction of the Vesting of the Unit shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A to the extent applicable.


           The Rules of Part C Section 11 (Cessation of employment)

                        With respect to any award of a Participant who is a US taxpayer which constitutes deferred compensation for the purposes of Section 409A, the
                        Participant is to be treated as ceasing to be employed by any member of the Group for the purposes of these Rules when the Participant has a
                        “separation from service” (as defined in Section 409A).


           The Rules of Part C Section 12 (Change of Control)

                        If the Participant is a US taxpayer, Vested Shares must be allocated, cash payments must be made in lieu of an allocation of Shares, payments
                        must be made in respect of Vested Units and Cash Amounts must be paid, as applicable, in compliance with Section 409A to the extent
                        applicable.

                                                                                                                                                                          34
           The Rules of Part C Section 13 (Power to adjust Rights, Options and/or Units and the Exercise Price)

                        With respect to an Option granted to a US taxpayer, the Exercise Price must be not less than the fair market value of the Shares on the date of
                        grant, to the extent required by Section 409A.


           The Rules of Part C Section 16 (Withholding)

                        In addition, the Company shall withhold from any amounts payable under these Rules to a US taxpayer such federal, state, local or foreign taxes
                        as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.


           The Rules of Part C Section 17 (Amendments)

           17.1         Power to make amendments
                        Any amendment to the Rules or plan, as applicable, will comply with the requirements under Section 409A to the extent applicable.


           The Rules of Part C Section 20 (Miscellaneous)

           20.12 Tax
                        In addition, it is intended that these Rules shall be exempt from or comply with the provisions of Section 409A so as not to subject any US
                        taxpayer to the payment of additional taxes and interest under Section 409A. In furtherance of this intent, these Rules shall be interpreted,
                        operated, and administered in a manner consistent with these intentions, and to the extent that any rules, regulations or other guidance issued
                        under Section 409A would result in a US taxpayer being subject to payment of additional income taxes or interest under Section 409A, the Board
                        may amend these Rules in order to avoid the application of such taxes or interest to the extent permitted by Section 409A.
                        Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Rules, no payment or distribution under these Rules which constitutes deferred




For personal use only
                        compensation under Section 409A and becomes payable by reason of a US taxpayer’s termination of employment within the Group will be made
                        to such US taxpayer unless the US taxpayer’s termination of employment constitutes a “separation from service” (as such term is defined in
                        Treasury Regulations issued under Section 409A). For the purposes of these Rules, each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided shall be
                        construed as a separate identified payment for the purposes of Section 409A. In no event may a Participant who is a US taxpayer, directly or
                        indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment. Notwithstanding any provision of these Rules to the contrary, if necessary to comply with the
                        restriction in Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code concerning payments to “specified employees” (as defined in Section 409A) any payment on
                        account of a Participant’s separation from service that would otherwise be due hereunder within six months after such separation will
                        nonetheless be delayed until the first business day of the seventh month following the Participant’s date of termination (or, if earlier, the
                        Participant’s death) and the first such payment will include the cumulative amount of any payments that would have been paid prior to such date
                        if not for such restriction.


           The Rules of Part D Section 21.1 (Definitions)

           21.1         Definitions
                        Change of Control Event - with respect to any award that constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A, a change in the
                        ownership or effective control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Section 409A(a)
                        (2)(A)(v) of the Code and regulations thereunder.
                        All references in these Rules to a “change in the Control of the Company” or to a “change of Control” or to a company “obtain[ing] Control”
                        shall be construed in accordance with Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code to the extent applicable.

                                                                                                                                                                          35
                                                                                                                                                              Addendum 2

           Provisions applicable to International Participants

           This Addendum 2 contains certain rules and definitions that apply to any Participant that:
           (i)          is not resident in Australia; and
           (ii)         is not subject to the United States taxation in accordance with Addendum 1,
           (an          “International Participant”).

           The terms and conditions set out in this Addendum 2 apply to such International Participants, and as indicated in this Addendum 2, certain terms and
           conditions of these Rules will not apply to such International Participants.

           In the case of any conflict between the terms of these Rules and the terms of this Addendum 2 with respect to International Participants, the terms of this
           Addendum 2 will prevail.


           The Rules of Part C Section 7 (Prohibited Dealings)

           Rule 7(a) is amended to read: “Any Dealing in respect of an Incentive Security prior to Vesting is prohibited. For the avoidance of doubt, this Rule 7(a)
           does not restrict the transmission of an Incentive Security to the Participant’s personal representatives following their death.”


           The Rules of Part C Section 20.2 (Rights and obligations of Participants)

           A new Rule 20.2(j) and 20.2(k) is added to Rule 20.2 as follows:
                         (j)       Benefits under the Rules do not form part of a Participant’s remuneration for any purpose and are not pensionable.




For personal use only
                         (k)       By participating in the Plan, the Participant waives all and any rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of
                                   his office or employment with any past or present Group company for any reason whatsoever, whether lawfully or otherwise, insofar as
                                   those rights arise or may arise from his ceasing to have rights under the Rules (including ceasing to be entitled to exercise any Option)
                                   as a result of such termination, or from the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements, including by reason of the
                                   operation of the Rules, any determination by the Board pursuant to a discretion contained in the Rules or the provisions of any statute
                                   or law relating to taxation.


           The Rules of Part D Section 21.1 (Definitions)

           The definition of Eligible Employee in Rule 21.1 is amended to read: “an employee of the Group (including a Director employed in an executive
           capacity).”

                                                                                                                                                                          36
                                                                                                           Exhibit 8.1

           List of Subsidiaries

           #                                                            Company Name                Country
                        Wholly owned subsidiaries
           1.           141 Union Company                                                  United States of America
           2.           ACG Mineracao Ltda                                                 Brazil
           3.           Agnew Pastoral Company Pty Ltd                                     Australia
           4.           Albion Downs Pty Limited                                           Australia
           5.           Araguaia Participaçóes Ltda                                        Brazil
           6.           ARL Holdings Ltd (in liquidation)                                  Bermuda
           7.           ARL South America Exploration Ltd (in liquidation)                 Bermuda
           8.           Avanco Holdings Pty Ltd(a)                                         Australia
           9.           Avanco Lux S.ar.l                                                  Luxembourg
           10.          Avanco Lux S.C.S.                                                  Avanco Lux S.C.S.
           11.          Avanco Resources Mineração Ltda                                    Brazil
           12.          Avanco Resources Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                     Australia
           13.          AVB Brazil Pty Ltd                                                 Australia
           14.          AVB Carajás Holdings Pty Ltd                                       Australia
           15.          AVB Copper Pty Ltd                                                 Australia
           16.          AVB Mineração Ltda                                                 Brazil
           17.          AVB Minerals Pty Ltd                                               Australia
           18.          BHP (AUS) DDS Pty Ltd                                              Australia
           19.          BHP (Towage Services) Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                Australia
           20.          BHP Aluminum Australia Pty Ltd                                     Australia
           21.          BHP Billiton (UK) DDS Limited                                      United Kingdom
           22.          BHP Billiton (UK) Limited                                          United Kingdom




For personal use only
           23.          BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda                                           Brazil
           24.          BHP Billiton Company B.V.                                          Netherlands
           25.          BHP Billiton Finance (USA) Limited                                 Australia
           26.          BHP Billiton Finance B.V.                                          Netherlands
           27.          BHP Billiton Finance Limited                                       Australia
           28.          BHP Billiton Finance Plc                                           United Kingdom
           29.          BHP Billiton Freight Singapore Pte Limited                         Singapore
           30.          BHP Billiton Group Limited                                         United Kingdom
           31.          BHP Billiton Holdings Limited                                      United Kingdom
           32.          BHP Billiton International Metals B.V.                             Netherlands
           33.          BHP Billiton International Services Limited                        United Kingdom
           34.          BHP Billiton International Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd              China
           35.          BHP Billiton Marketing AG                                          Switzerland
           36.          BHP Billiton Marketing Asia Pte Ltd                                Singapore
           37.          BHP Billiton Marketing UK Limited                                  United Kingdom
           38.          BHP Billiton Petroleum Great Britain Limited                       United Kingdom
           39.          BHP Billiton Services Jersey Limited                               Jersey
           40.          BHP Billiton SSM Development Pty Ltd                               Australia
           41.          BHP Billiton Sustainable Communities                               United Kingdom
           42.          BHP Billiton UK Holdings Limited                                   British Virgin Islands
           43.          BHP Billiton UK Investments Limited                                British Virgin Islands
           44.          BHP BK Limited                                                     United Kingdom
           45.          BHP Canada Inc.                                                    Canada
           46.          BHP Capital No. 20 Pty Limited                                     Australia
           47.          BHP Chile Inc.                                                     United States of America
           48.          BHP Chile Inversiones Limitada                                     Chile

                                                                                       1
           49. BHP Coal Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                Australia
           50. BHP Copper Inc.                                       United States of America
           51. BHP Direct Reduced Iron Pty Limited(a)                Australia
           52. BHP Energy Coal Australia Pty Ltd                     Australia
           53. BHP Escondida Inc.                                    United States of America
           54. BHP Exploration Chile SpA                             Chile
           55. BHP Finance (International) Inc.                      United States of America
           56. BHP Finance Limited                                   United Kingdom
           57. BHP Foreign Holdings Inc.                             United States of America
           58. BHP Foundation                                        United States of America
           59. BHP Freight Pty Ltd(a)                                Australia
           60. BHP Group (UK) Ltd                                    United Kingdom
           61. BHP Group Holdings Limited                            United Kingdom
           62. BHP Group Operations Pty Ltd(a)(b)                    Australia
           63. BHP Holdings (International) Inc.                     United States of America
           64. BHP Holdings (USA) Inc.                               United States of America
           65. BHP Holdings International (Investments) Inc.         United States of America
           66. BHP Holdings Limited                                  United Kingdom
           67. BHP Innovation Pty Ltd(a)                             Australia
           68. BHP Internacional Participaçóes Ltda                  Brazil
           69. BHP International Finance Corp                        United States of America
           70. BHP International Services Limited                    United Kingdom
           71. BHP Investments Canada Inc                            Canada
           72. BHP IO Mining Pty Ltd                                 Australia
           73. BHP IO Workshop Pty Ltd                               Australia
           74. BHP Iron Ore Holdings Pty Ltd                         Australia




For personal use only
           75. BHP Iron Ore Pty Ltd(a)(b)                            Australia
           76. BHP Japan Limited                                     Japan
           77. BHP Lonsdale Investments Pty Ltd(a)                   Australia
           78. BHP Manganese Australia Pty Ltd                       Australia
           79. BHP Marine & General Insurances Pty Ltd               Australia
           80. BHP Marketing North America Inc.                      United States of America
           81. BHP Marketing Services India Pvt Ltd                  India
           82. BHP Marketing UK Limited                              United Kingdom
           83. BHP Metals Exploration d.o.o. Beograd                 Serbia
           84. BHP Metals Exploration Pty Ltd                        Australia
           85. BHP MetCoal Holdings Pty Ltd(a)(b)                    Australia
           86. BHP Midgard AB                                        Sweden
           87. BHP Mineral Resources Inc.                            United States of America
           88. BHP Minerals (Shanghai) Co., Ltd                      China
           89. BHP Minerals Europe Limited                           United Kingdom
           90. BHP Minerals Exploration Inc.                         United States of America
           91. BHP Minerals Holdings Proprietary Limited(a)(b)       Australia
           92. BHP Minerals India Private Limited                    India
           93. BHP Minerals International Exploration Inc.           United States of America
           94. BHP Minerals International LLC                        United States of America
           95. BHP Minerals Pty Ltd(a)(b)                            Australia
           96. BHP Minerals Service Company                          United States of America
           97. BHP New Mexico Coal Inc.                              United States of America
           98. BHP Nickel Operations Pty Ltd                         Australia
           99. BHP Nickel West Pty Ltd(a)(b)                         Australia
           100. BHP Olympic Dam Corporation Pty Ltd(a)(b)            Australia
           101. BHP Peru Holdings Inc.                               United States of America
           102. BHP Pty Ltd                                          Australia
           103. BHP Queensland Coal Investments Pty Ltd              Australia
           104. BHP Queensland Coal Limited                          United States of America

                                                                 2
           105. BHP Resolution Holdings LLC                              United States of America
           106. BHP Shared Business Services Pty Ltd                     Australia
           107. BHP Shared Services Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.                   Malaysia
           108. BHP SSM Indonesia Holdings Pty Ltd                       Australia
           109. BHP SSM International Pty Ltd                            Australia
           110. BHP Titanium Minerals Pty Ltd                            Australia
           111. BHP Towage Services (Boodarie) Pty Ltd                   Australia
           112. BHP Towage Services (Iron Brolga) Pty Ltd                Australia
           113. BHP Towage Services (Iron Corella) Pty Ltd               Australia
           114. BHP Towage Services (Iron Ibis) Pty Ltd                  Australia
           115. BHP Towage Services (Iron Kestrel) Pty Ltd               Australia
           116. BHP Towage Services (Iron Osprey) Pty Ltd                Australia
           117. BHP Towage Services (Iron Quail) Pty Ltd                 Australia
           118. BHP Towage Services (Iron Robin) Pty Ltd                 Australia
           119. BHP Towage Services (Iron Whistler) Pty Ltd              Australia
           120. BHP Towage Services (Iron Wren) Pty Ltd                  Australia
           121. BHP Towage Services (Mallina) Pty Ltd                    Australia
           122. BHP Towage Services (RT Atlantis) Pty Ltd                Australia
           123. BHP Towage Services (RT Clerke) Pty Ltd                  Australia
           124. BHP Towage Services (RT Darwin) Pty Ltd                  Australia
           125. BHP Towage Services (RT Discovery) Pty Ltd               Australia
           126. BHP Towage Services (RT Endeavour) Pty Ltd               Australia
           127. BHP Towage Services (RT Enterprise) Pty Ltd              Australia
           128. BHP Towage Services (RT Imperieuse) Pty Ltd              Australia
           129. BHP Towage Services (RT Inspiration) Pty Ltd             Australia
           130. BHP Towage Services (RT Tough) Pty Ltd                   Australia




For personal use only
           131. BHP Ventures US Inc                                      United States
           132. BHP WAIO Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                   Australia
           133. BHP Western Mining Resources International Pty Ltd       Australia
           134. BHP World Exploration Inc.                               Canada
           135. BHP Yakabindie Nickel Pty Ltd(a)(b)                      Australia
           136. Billiton Australia Finance Pty Ltd                       Australia
           137. Billiton Development B.V.                                Netherlands
           138. Billiton Executive Pension Scheme Trustee Limited        United Kingdom
           139. Billiton Guinea B.V.                                     Netherlands
           140. Billiton Investment 3 B.V. (in liquidation)              Netherlands
           141. Billiton Investment 8 B.V. (in liquidation)              Netherlands
           142. Billiton Investments Ireland Limited                     Ireland
           143. Billiton Marketing Holding B.V.                          Netherlands
           144. Billiton Suriname Holdings B.V. (in liquidation)         Netherlands
           145. Broadmeadow Mine Services Pty Ltd(a)                     Australia
           146. Carrapateena Pty Ltd(a)(b)                               Australia
           147. Carson Hill Gold Mining Corporation                      United States of America
           148. Cassini Resources Pty Ltd                                Australia
           149. Central Queensland Services Pty Ltd(a)                   Australia
           150. Cerro-Quebrado S.A.                                      Ecuador
           151. Coal Mines Australia Pty Ltd                             Australia
           152. Compañía Minera Cerro Colorado Limitada                  Chile
           153. Consolidated Nominees Proprietary Limited                South Africa
           154. Crossbow Resources Pty Ltd                               Australia
           155. CTP Assets Pty Ltd                                       Australia
           156. CTP Operations Pty Ltd                                   Australia
           157. Estrela Metals Pty Ltd                                   Australia
           158. Global BHP Copper Ltd                                    Cayman Islands
           159. Hay Point Services Pty Limited(a)                        Australia

                                                                     3
           160. Hunter Valley Energy Coal Pty Ltd                                     Australia
           161. Jenipapo Recursos Naturais Ltda                                       Brazil
           162. Marcona International S.A.                                            Panama
           163. MCT Mineração Ltda                                                    Brazil
           164. Mineração Águas Boas Ltda                                             Brazil
           165. Minera Spence SA                                                      Chile
           166. Minotaur Resources Holdings Pty Ltd(a)(b)                             Australia
           167. Mt Arthur Coal Pty Limited                                            Australia
           168. Mt Arthur Underground Pty Ltd                                         Australia
           169. Operation Services Chile SpA                                          Chile
           170. OS ACPM Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                                 Australia
           171. OS MCAP Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                                 Australia
           172. OZ Exploration Pty Ltd                                                Australia
           173. OZ Minerals Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                             Australia
           174. OZ Minerals Brazil (Holdings) Pty Ltd(a)(b)                           Australia
           175. OZ Minerals Carrapateena Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                Australia
           176. OZ Minerals Equity Pty Ltd                                            Australia
           177. OZ Minerals Group Treasury Pty Ltd                                    Australia
           178. OZ Minerals Holdings Pty Ltd                                          Australia
           179. OZ Minerals Insurance Pte Ltd                                         Singapore
           180. OZ Minerals International (Holdings) Pty Ltd                          Australia
           181. OZ Minerals Investments Pty Ltd                                       Australia
           182. OZ Minerals Jamaica Limited (in liquidation)                          Jamaica
           183. OZ Minerals Musgrave Holdings Pty Ltd(a)                              Australia
           184. OZ Minerals Musgrave Operations Pty Ltd(a)                            Australia
           185. OZ Minerals Peru S.A.C. (in liquidation)                              Peru




For personal use only
           186. OZ Minerals Prominent Hill Operations Pty Ltd(a)(b)                   Australia
           187. OZ Minerals Prominent Hill Pty Ltd(a)(b)                              Australia
           188. OZ Minerals Services Pty Ltd                                          Australia
           189. OZ Minerals Zinifex Holdings Pty Ltd                                  Australia
           190. OZM Carrapateena Pty Ltd(a)                                           Australia
           191. Phoenix Mining Finance Company Proprietary Limited (in liquidation)   South Africa
           192. Pilbara Gas Pty Limited(a)                                            Australia
           193. Pilbara Pastoral Company Pty Limited                                  Australia
           194. PT Billiton Indonesia                                                 Indonesia
           195. RAL Cayman Inc.                                                       Cayman Islands
           196. Rio Algom Exploration Inc.                                            Canada
           197. Rio Algom Investments (Chile) Inc.                                    Canada
           198. Rio Algom Limited                                                     Canada
           199. Rio Algom Mining LLC                                                  United States of America
           200. Riocerro Inc.                                                         Cayman Islands
           201. Riochile Inc.                                                         Cayman Islands
           202. SLM Santa Lucia Mineração Eireli                                      Brazil
           203. Stein Insurance Company Limited                                       Guernsey
           204. Tamakaya Energia SpA                                                  Chile
           205. The Broken Hill Proprietary Company Pty Ltd(a)(b)                     Australia
           206. UMAL Consolidated Pty Ltd(a)(b)                                       Australia
           207. United Iron Pty Ltd                                                   Australia
           208. Westminer Insurance Pte Ltd                                           Singapore
           209. Wirraway Metals & Mining Pty Ltd                                      Australia
           210. WMC Corporate Services Inc.                                           United States of America
           211. WMC Finance (USA) Limited                                             Australia
           212. WMC Mineracao Ltda.                                                   Brazil
           213. ZRUS Holdings Pty Ltd                                                 Australia

                                                                                 4
                Subsidiaries where effective interest is less than 100 per cent
           214. BHP Billiton (Philippines) Inc. (99.99%)                                                                                   Philippines
           215. BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd (85%)                                                                                     Australia
           216. BHP Shared Services Philippines Inc. (99.99%)                                                                              Philippines
           217. Consórcio Santos Luz de Imóveis Ltda (90%)                                                                                 Brazil
           218. Kelti S.A. (57.5%)                                                                                                         Chile
           219. Minera Escondida Ltda (57.5%)                                                                                              Chile
           220. QNI Philippines Inc. (99.99%)                                                                                              Philippines

           221. Joint operations
                Mt Goldsworthy (85%)                                                                                                       Australia
           222. Mt Newman (85%)                                                                                                            Australia
           223. Yandi (85%)                                                                                                                Australia
           224. Central Queensland Coal Associates (50%)                                                                                   Australia
           225. BHP SaskPower Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) Knowledge Centre Inc. (50%)                                                 Canada
           226. BM Alliance Coal Marketing Pty Limited (50%)                                                                               Australia
           227. BM Alliance Coal Operations Pty Limited (50%)                                                                              Australia
           228. BM Alliance Marketing Pte Ltd (50%)                                                                                        Singapore
           229. BMA Japan KK (50%)                                                                                                         Japan

           230. Joint ventures and associates
                CMC-Coal Marketing DAC (33.33%)                                                                                            Ireland
           231. Compañía Minera Antamina S.A. (33.75%)                                                                                     Peru
           232. Global HubCo B.V. (33.33%)                                                                                                 Netherlands
           233. NCIG Holdings Pty Ltd (27.98%)                                                                                             Australia
           234. Resolution Copper Mining LLC (45%)                                                                                         United States of America
           235. RightShip Pty Limited (33.33%)                                                                                             Australia




For personal use only
           236. Samarco Mineração S.A. (50%)                                                                                               Brazil

           (a)          These companies are parties to the Limited Deed of Cross Guarantee (Deed) and members of the Closed Group as at 30 June 2024.
           (b)          These companies are parties to the Deed and are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit and lodgement of
                        financial reports and Directors’ reports.

                                                                                            5
                                                                                                                                                    Exhibit 11.1




           Securities Dealing policy
           Brief description

           This document describes BHP’s Securities Dealing controls and processes designed to prevent the misuse (or perceived misuse) of sensitive information
           by restricting certain securities dealings by BHP directors, employees and contractors.




           Effective 5 March 2018




For personal use only
           BHP: Securities Dealing policy
           Securities Dealing policy
           1.           Background
           BHP has developed controls and processes designed to prevent the misuse (or perceived misuse) of sensitive information by restricting certain Securities
           Dealings by BHP directors, employees and contractors.

           This policy is intended to assist BHP directors, employees and contractors to comply with their legal obligations relating to Securities Dealings.

           Compliance with insider trading laws and this Securities Dealing policy is each individual’s responsibility. Breach of this policy will be regarded by
           BHP as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action including dismissal.

           For further information on this policy or any questions on how this policy applies to a proposed Dealing, please contact Group Governance.

           Attachment 1 sets out the defined terms which are identified by the use of capital letters.


           2.           To whom does this policy apply?
           Certain obligations detailed in this policy apply to all BHP directors, employees and contractors.

           Certain additional restrictions detailed in this policy apply only to:
           •            participants in BHP’s employee incentive schemes;
           •            Restricted Persons; and
           •            persons discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMRs).




For personal use only
           3.           Dealing restrictions
           All BHP directors, employees and contractors
           Insider trading
           BHP Securities
           BHP directors, employees and contractors who have Inside Information about BHP must not:
           •            Deal in BHP Securities;
           •            advise, procure or encourage another person to Deal in BHP Securities; or
           •            pass on Inside Information to any other person (whether directly or indirectly), if the BHP director, employee or contractor knows or ought
                        reasonably to know that the other person may use the information to Deal (or advise, procure or encourage someone else to Deal) in BHP
                        Securities.

           Participation in any of the activities listed above is called ‘insider trading’.

           The purpose or motive for the Dealing, or whether a profit is made from the Dealing, is irrelevant.

                                                                                                                                                                      1
           BHP: Securities Dealing policy
           Insider lists
           Group Governance will maintain BHP insider lists and will notify people recorded on any insider list. People on an insider list are considered to have
           Inside Information and accordingly, the prohibitions set out above will apply.


           Other entities
           The prohibition on insider trading is not restricted to dealings in BHP Securities. BHP directors, employees and contractors who have Inside Information
           relating to an external company must not Deal in the Securities of that company.


           Consequences
           Compliance with insider trading laws and this Securities Dealing policy is an individual’s responsibility. Breach of this policy will be regarded by BHP
           as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action, including dismissal. The penalties for breach of the insider trading prohibitions include
           potential criminal liability.


           Confidential information
           BHP directors, employees and contractors are bound by a duty of confidentiality in relation to confidential information obtained directly or indirectly in
           the course of their duties.

           BHP directors, employees and contractors must not communicate any confidential information concerning BHP, or use that information in any way, to
           gain an advantage for themselves or to injure or cause loss to BHP.


           BHP’s reputation
           It is of fundamental importance that public confidence in BHP is maintained. It could be damaging to BHP’s reputation if the market or the general




For personal use only
           public perceived that directors, employees or contractors might be taking advantage of their position in BHP to make financial gains (for example, by
           dealing in Securities on the basis of Inside Information).

           As a guiding principle, BHP directors, employees and contractors should ask themselves:
                        If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could the proposed dealing be perceived as taking advantage of my position in an
                        inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on the front page of the newspaper?

           If a BHP director, employee or contractor is unsure, they should consult Group Governance.

           Where clearance is required for a Dealing under this policy, clearance will not be granted where the Dealing would not satisfy the considerations above.


           Participants in BHP’s employee incentive schemes
           BHP employees who are participants in BHP’s Group Incentive Scheme, Long Term Incentive Plan, the Management Award Plan, the Group Short Term
           Incentive Plan, or any successor to these plans, must not Deal in any BHP Securities during any Closed Period.

           Participants must not at any time enter into a transaction that operates or is intended to operate to limit participants’ exposure to the risk of holdings of
           unvested BHP Securities granted under a BHP employee incentive scheme or vested BHP Securities that are subject to holding locks or similar
           restrictions.


           Restricted Persons
           Restricted Persons are subject to additional Dealing restrictions.

                                                                                                                                                                           2
           BHP: Securities Dealing policy
           Group Governance will notify people if they are Restricted Persons recorded on the Securities Dealing Restricted List.

           Restricted Persons are people who regularly have access to sensitive BHP information due to their position within the Group. Restricted Persons include
           (but are not limited to):
           •            Executive Leadership Team members who are not PDMRs;
           •            assistants and managers to Executive Leadership Team members;
           •            Investor Relations employees;
           •            Group Governance employees;
           •            Asset Presidents; and
           •            key employees in Corporate Affairs and Group Reporting.

           Restricted Persons must not Deal in BHP Securities:
           •            during any Closed Period; or
           •            without prior clearance using the Securities Dealing Clearance Request Form (see the “Clearance Procedures” section of this policy).


           Persons discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMRs)
           PDMRs are subject to additional Dealing restrictions. PDMRs must not Deal (or Deal on behalf of a third party) in any BHP Securities:
           •            during a Closed Period; or
           •            without prior notification to the Group Company Secretary and clearance using the Securities Dealing Clearance Request Form (see the
                        “Clearance Procedures” section of this policy).




For personal use only
           PDMRs are prohibited from Dealing in any BHP Securities:
           •            on considerations of a short-term nature. An investment with a maturity of one year or less will always be considered to be of a short-term nature;
                        and
           •            where the Dealing involves using unvested BHP Securities as collateral in any financial transaction, including hedging and margin loan
                        arrangements.

           After Dealing in BHP Securities, PDMRs must notify the Group Company Secretary of the transaction details. Dealings by PDMRs are required to be
           notified to stock exchanges and the UK Financial Conduct Authority within three business days after the Dealing. Subject to authorisation by the
           PDMR, BHP will make this notification on the PDMR’s behalf.

           Certain obligations also apply in respect of persons closely associated (PCAs) with PDMRs. Those obligations are outlined below.

           PDMRs must notify each of their PCAs of the restrictions and disclosure requirements in relation to Dealings in BHP Securities and receive
           acknowledgement from the PCA that they understand their obligations.

           PDMRs must notify their PCAs that:
           •            they are a PCA and that obligations arise as a result of their relationship with a BHP PDMR;
           •            they must not Deal in BHP Securities during a Closed Period;
           •            they must advise the Group Company Secretary of the transaction details immediately after they have Dealt in BHP Securities; and

                                                                                                                                                                              3
           BHP: Securities Dealing policy
           •            Dealings by PCAs are required to be notified to the stock exchanges and to the UK Financial Conduct Authority within three Business Days after
                        the Dealing. Subject to authorisation by the PCA, BHP can file these notifications on the PCA’s behalf.

           BHP maintains a record of all PCAs notified by its PDMRs.


           4.           Clearance procedures
           Timing requirements
           Clearance Officers must give the person making the Dealing request a copy of the response and clearance (if any) in writing within two Business Days
           after the initial clearance request. Group Governance will maintain a record of the response to any Dealing request and of any clearance given.

           If clearance is given, the Dealing must be completed within two Business Days thereafter.


           Dealings in exceptional circumstances
           Clearance may be given to a PDMR or Restricted Person to Deal on his or her own account, or for the account of a third party, during a Closed Period if
           they are not in possession of Inside Information in relation to BHP and either:
           •            exceptional circumstances, such as severe financial difficulty or compulsion by court order, exist which require the immediate sale of shares; or
           •            the Dealing is made under, or related to, an employee share or saving scheme, qualification or entitlement of shares; or
           •            the Dealing does not result in a change to the beneficial interest in the Securities.

           The determination of whether the person in question is in severe financial difficulty or whether there are other exceptional circumstances can be made
           only by the Group Company Secretary or by the Chairman of the Board.




For personal use only
           Excluded Dealings
           Other than during the period of 30 days prior to the announcement of BHP’s full year results and the period of 30 days prior to the publication of BHP’s
           half year results, clearance is not required for:
           •            the following categories of Dealings:
                         •      acquisition of BHP Securities through a dividend reinvestment plan;
                         •      acquisition of BHP Securities through a share purchase plan available to all retail shareholders;
                         •      acquisition of BHP Securities through a rights issue; and
                         •      the disposal of BHP Securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back; and
           •            Dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the BHP Securities (for example, transfers of BHP Securities already held in
                        a superannuation fund or trust of which the director, employee, contractor or PCA is a beneficiary).

           However, such Dealings remain subject to the prohibitions on insider trading under relevant laws and regulations.

                                                                                                                                                                             4
           BHP: Securities Dealing policy
           Other matters
           Any clearance to Deal can be given or refused by a Clearance Officer at his or her discretion. No clearance to Deal will be given if the Dealing would
           breach the prohibitions on insider trading under relevant law or regulation.

           This decision to refuse clearance is final and binding. If clearance is refused, the person seeking the clearance must keep that information confidential
           and not disclose it to anyone

           A clearance to Deal can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances.

           Any clearance to Deal is not an endorsement of the proposed Dealing. The person doing the Dealing is individually responsible for their investment
           decisions and their compliance with insider trading and market abuse laws.

           If a person comes into possession of Inside Information after receiving clearance, they must not deal despite having received clearance.


           5.           Compliance
           Strict compliance with this policy is mandatory.

                                                                                                                                                                       5




For personal use only
           BHP: Securities Dealing policy
           Attachment: Definitions


                 Term                Definition

                 Business Day        Any day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, a bank holiday in the United Kingdom or a public
                 Business Days       holiday in Australia.

                 BHP                 BHP Billiton Limited, BHP Billiton Plc and its related bodies corporate.

                 Clearance Officer   Any of the following:
                                     •    Group Company Secretary;
                                     •    Vice President, Group Governance;
                                     •    Head of Governance RAC & Disclosure; or
                                     •    Head of ESG Policy & Engagement.

                 Closed Period       The period from:
                                     •    the end of BHP’s financial year to the publication of BHP’s full year results announcement; and
                                     •    the end of BHP’s half year to the publication of BHP’s half year results.

                 Deal Dealing        Includes, in relation to Securities, any transaction or change affecting title to or interest in Securities, including:
                 Dealings Dealt
                                     •    any acquisition or disposal, or agreement to acquire or dispose;
                                     •    entering into a contract to secure a profit or avoid a loss by reference to price fluctuations;




For personal use only
                                     •    grant, acceptance, acquisition, disposal, exercise or discharge of any option;
                                     •    entering, terminating, assigning or novating any stock lending agreement;
                                     •    using as security, or otherwise granting a charge, lien or other encumbrance;
                                     •    any transaction, or the exercise of any power or discretion, effecting a change of ownership of a beneficial interest; and
                                     •    any other right or obligation, present or future, conditional or unconditional, to acquire or dispose.

                 Group               BHP’s Group Governance function.
                 Governance

                                                                                                                                                                       6
           BHP: Securities Dealing policy

                 Term                Definition

                 Inside              Information which:
                 Information
                                     •    is not generally available; and
                                     •    if made generally available, would be likely or expected to have a significant or material effect on the price or value of
                                          BHP’s or another company’s Securities (judged by whether it would affect a reasonable investor’s investment decision).

                                     Such information may include matters of supposition, matters insufficiently definite to warrant being made public and matters
                                     relating to the intentions, or likely intentions, of a person.

                 Person closely      A person closely associated with a PDMR, being:
                 associated (PCA)
                                     •    family members (spouse, civil partner, dependent children/stepchildren and relatives who have shared the same
                                          household for at least one year), and
                                     •    companies, trusts, partnerships or entities:
                                            •     which are managed by a PDMR or a family member;
                                            •     which are directly or indirectly controlled by a PDMR or a family member;
                                            •     which are set up for the benefit of a PDMR or a family member; or
                                            •     the economic interests of which are substantially equivalent to a PDMR’s or a family member’s.

                 Person              •    a Director;
                 discharging
                                     •    a key management personnel named in BHP’s remuneration report; or
                 managerial




For personal use only
                 responsibilities    •    a person as such determined by the Group Company Secretary.
                 (PDMR)

                 Restricted Person   A person recorded on the Securities Dealing Restricted List.

                 Securities          Any publicly traded or quoted securities of any company, including any member of BHP, or any other financial products or
                                     instruments whether quoted or not and any securities that are convertible into or linked to such securities.

                                     Includes:
                                     •    shares and other securities equivalent to shares;
                                     •    options or rights to shares or other securities equivalent to shares;
                                     •    bonds and other forms of securitised debt; and
                                     •    securitised debt convertible or exchangeable into shares or into other securities equivalent to shares.

                                                                                                                                                                       7
                                                                                                                                                               Exhibit 12.1

                                                                           SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

           CEO Certification
           I, Mike Henry, certify that:
           1.           I have reviewed this annual report on Form 20-F of BHP Group Limited (the “company”);
           2.           Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
                        the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
                        this report;
           3.           Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
                        the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
           4.           The company’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
                        Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
                        15d-15(f)) for the company and have:
                        (a)      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
                                 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
                                 others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
                        (b)      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
                                 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
                                 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
                        (c)      Evaluated the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
                                 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




For personal use only
                        (d)      Disclosed in this report any change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
                                 by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over
                                 financial reporting; and
           5.           The company’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
                        the company’s auditors and the audit committee of the company’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
                        (a)      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
                                 reasonably likely to adversely affect the company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
                        (b)      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company’s internal
                                 control over financial reporting.

           /s/ Mike Henry
           Name: Mike Henry
           Title: Chief Executive Officer
           Date: 30 August 2024
                                                                                                                                                               Exhibit 12.2

                                                                           SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

           CFO Certification
           I, Vandita Pant, certify that:
           1.           I have reviewed this annual report on Form 20-F of BHP Group Limited (the “company”);
           2.           Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
                        the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
                        this report;
           3.           Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
                        the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
           4.           The company’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
                        Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
                        15d-15(f)) for the company and have:
                        (a)      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
                                 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
                                 others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
                        (b)      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
                                 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
                                 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
                        (c)      Evaluated the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
                                 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




For personal use only
                        (d)      Disclosed in this report any change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
                                 by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over
                                 financial reporting; and
           5.           The company’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
                        the company’s auditors and the audit committee of the company’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
                        (a)      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
                                 reasonably likely to adversely affect the company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
                        (b)      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company’s internal
                                 control over financial reporting.

           /s/ Vandita Pant
           Name: Vandita Pant
           Title: Chief Financial Officer
           Date: 30 August 2024
                                                                                                                                                                Exhibit 13.1

                                                                             SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

           Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) in
           connection with the annual report on Form 20-F of BHP Group Limited (the “Company”) for the annual period ended 30 June 2024 as filed with the
           Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer’s
           knowledge, that:
           (1)          The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
           (2)          The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

           /s/ Mike Henry
           Name: Mike Henry
           Title: Chief Executive Officer
           Date: 30 August 2024
           This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
           Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed “filed” by the Company for purposes of §18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise
           subject to the liability of that section.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                Exhibit 13.2

                                                                             SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

           Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) in
           connection with the annual report on Form 20-F of BHP Group Limited (the “Company”) for the annual period ended 30 June 2024 as filed with the
           Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer’s
           knowledge, that:
           (1)          The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
           (2)          The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

           /s/ Vandita Pant
           Name: Vandita Pant
           Title: Chief Financial Officer
           Date: 30 August 2024

           This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
           Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed “filed” by the Company for purposes of §18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise
           subject to the liability of that section.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                        Exhibit 15.1


                                                             Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

           We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:
           (1)          Registration Statement (Form F-3 No. 333-269898) of BHP Billiton Finance (USA) Limited;
           (2)          Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-100496) pertaining to the BHP Billiton Limited Group Incentive Scheme;
           (3)          Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-141531) pertaining to the BHP Billiton Limited Global Employee Share Plan;
           (4)          Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-160636) pertaining to the BHP Billiton Limited Executive Incentive Plan and Group Short Term
                        Incentive Plan; and
           (5)          Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-227431) pertaining to the BHP Billiton Limited Executive Incentive Plan and the BHP Billiton Limited
                        Global Employee Share Plan;

           of our reports dated 30 August 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of BHP Group Limited, and the effectiveness of internal
           control over financial reporting of BHP Group Limited included in this Annual Report (Form 20-F) of BHP Group Limited for the year ended 30 June
           2024.


           /s/ Ernst & Young
           Melbourne, Australia
           30 August 2024




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                            Exhibit 15.2

                                                                         CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

           I, Balazs Nemeth, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2024 and any amendments or supplements and/or
           exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
           •            the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
                        effective date of June 30, 2024, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
           •            the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
                        promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
           •            any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
                        referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
                        reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
           •            the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) and
                        Registration Statement on Form F-3 (No. 333-269898) of the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

           I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
           by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

           Date: August 7, 2024
           /s/ Balazs Nemeth
           Name: Balazs Nemeth, MAusIMM
           Title: Principal Geophysicist
                    Jansen
                    BHP




For personal use only
                                                                         CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

           I, Cameron McKinnon, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2024 and any amendments or supplements and/or
           exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
           •            the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
                        effective date of June 30, 2024, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
           •            the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
                        promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
           •            any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
                        referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
                        reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
           •            the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) and
                        Registration Statement on Form F-3 (No. 333-269898) of the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

           I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
           by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

           Date: August 7, 2024
           /s/ Cameron McKinnon
           Name: Cameron McKinnon, APEGS
           Title: Manager Process Engineering
                   Jansen
                   BHP




For personal use only
                                                                         CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

           I, Graham Reynolds, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2024 and any amendments or supplements and/or
           exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
           •            the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
                        effective date of June 30, 2024, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
           •            the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
                        promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
           •            any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
                        referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
                        reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
           •            the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) and
                        Registration Statement on Form F-3 (No. 333-269898) of the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

           I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
           by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

           Date: August 7, 2024
           /s/ Graham Reynolds
           Name: Graham Reynolds, MAusIMM
           Title: General Manager Operational Readiness
                    Jansen
                    BHP




For personal use only
                                                                         CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

           I, Jairo Gomez, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2024 and any amendments or supplements and/or
           exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
           •            the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
                        effective date of June 30, 2024, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
           •            the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
                        promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
           •            any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
                        referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
                        reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
           •            the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) and
                        Registration Statement on Form F-3 (No. 333-269898) of the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

           I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
           by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

           Date: August 7, 2024
           /s/ Jairo Gomez
           Name: Jairo Gomez, APEGS
           Title: Principal Geotechnical Engineer
                     Jansen
                     BHP




For personal use only
                                                                         CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

           I, Jessica Perras, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2024 and any amendments or supplements and/or
           exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
           •            the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
                        effective date of June 30, 2024, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
           •            the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
                        promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
           •            any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
                        referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
                        reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
           •            the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) and
                        Registration Statement on Form F-3 (No. 333-269898) of the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

           I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
           by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

           Date: August 14, 2024
           /s/ Jessica Perras
           Name: Jessica Perras, APEGS
           Title: Tailings & Closure Planner
                     Jansen
                     BHP




For personal use only
                                                                         CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

           I, Johannes Sondergaard, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2024 and any amendments or supplements
           and/or exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
           •            the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
                        effective date of June 30, 2024, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
           •            the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
                        promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
           •            any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
                        referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
                        reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
           •            the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) and
                        Registration Statement on Form F-3 (No. 333-269898) of the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

           I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
           by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

           Date: August 7, 2024
           /s/ Johannes Sondergaard
           Name: Johannes Sondergaard, MAusIMM
           Title: Manager Resource Engineering
                    Jansen
                    BHP




For personal use only
                                                                         CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

           I, Melanie Failler, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2024 and any amendments or supplements and/or
           exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
           •            the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
                        effective date of June 30, 2024, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
           •            the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
                        promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
           •            any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
                        referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
                        reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
           •            the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) and
                        Registration Statement on Form F-3 (No. 333-269898) of the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

           I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
           by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

           Date: August 7, 2024
           /s/ Melanie Failler
           Name: Melanie Failler, ASPB
           Title: Principal Environment
                   Jansen
                   BHP




For personal use only
                                                                         CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

           I, Ozen Turkekul, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2024 and any amendments or supplements and/or
           exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
           •            the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
                        effective date of June 30, 2024, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
           •            the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
                        promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
           •            any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
                        referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
                        reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
           •            the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) and
                        Registration Statement on Form F-3 (No. 333-269898) of the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

           I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
           by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

           Date: August 7, 2024
           /s/ Ozen Turkekul
           Name: Ozen Turkekul, APEGS
           Title: Principal Geologist
                    Jansen
                    BHP




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                  Exhibit 17.1

                                                           Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities

           Each of the following securities issued by BHP Billiton Finance (USA) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of BHP Group Limited, is fully and
           unconditionally guaranteed by BHP Group Limited:
           4.875% Notes due 2026
           5.250% Notes due 2026
           4.750% Notes due 2028
           5.100% Notes due 2028
           5.250% Notes due 2030
           4.900% Notes due 2033
           5.250% Notes due 2033
           5.500% Notes due 2053

           Each of the following securities issued by BHP Billiton Finance (USA) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of BHP Group Limited, is fully and
           unconditionally guaranteed by each of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly BHP Group Plc), a wholly owned subsidiary of BHP
           Group Limited, on a full and unconditional basis:
           5.000% Notes due 2043
           4.125% Notes due 2042




For personal use only
                                                                             Exhibit 96.3

                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                  Page i




                          SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary
                          Prefeasibility Study
                          Jansen Potash Project
                          Saskatchewan, Canada
                          For the fiscal year ended: 30 June 2024


                          Report Prepared for




For personal use only
                          BHP Group Limited
                          (ABN 49 004 028 077)
                          171 Collins Street
                          Melbourne
                          Victoria
                          Australia
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                            Page ii


                                  Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements
                                  This Technical Report Summary (TRS) contains forward-looking statements, including:
                                  statements regarding trends in commodity prices and currency exchange rates; demand for
                                  commodities; resources, reserves and production forecasts; plans, strategies and objectives of
                                  management; operations or facilities (including associated costs); anticipated production or
                                  construction commencement dates; capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and supply of
                                  materials and skilled employees; anticipated productive lives of projects, mines and facilities;
                                  provisions and contingent liabilities; and tax and regulatory developments.
                                  Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology including, but not limited
                                  to, ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘see’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘objective’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’,
                                  ‘commit’, ‘may’, ‘should’, ‘need’, ‘must’, ‘will’, ‘would’, ‘continue’, ‘forecast’, ‘guidance’, ‘trend’ or




For personal use only
                                  similar words. These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of assets or
                                  financial conditions, or provide other forward-looking information.
                                  Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and reflect judgments,
                                  assumptions, estimates and other information available as at the date of this TRS. These
                                  statements do not represent guarantees or predictions of future financial or operational
                                  performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of
                                  which are beyond the control of BHP and which may cause actual results to differ materially from
                                  those expressed in the statements contained in this TRS. Readers are cautioned against reliance
                                  on any forward-looking statements or guidance, including in light of the current economic climate.
                                  Other factors that may affect actual results are set out in BHP’s reports that are filed with, and
                                  furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including BHP’s Annual Report on
                                  Form 20-F for the period ended June 30, 2024.
                                  Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not undertake to publicly update
                                  or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events.
                                  The production schedule data included in Sections 13 and 19 of this TRS has been prepared to
                                  demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves of Jansen only and may differ from
                                  production guidance published by BHP from time to time in accordance with the relevant ASX
                                  Listing Rules. See Sections 11, 12, 16, 17, 18 and 19 for more information on the pricing and
                                  cost assumptions utilised to produce Jansen’s production schedule data in this TRS.
                                  Specifically, the production schedule data for the entire life of mineral reserves included in
                                  Sections 13 and 19 of this TRS has been prepared utilising the average of Nutrien’s quarterly
                                  published offshore and onshore realised prices from 2008 through 2023 and annual costs sourced
                                  from bottom-up estimates, operational experience and benchmarking, budget quotes from
                                  potential vendors, design specifications, and currently contracted rates where applicable,
                                  whereas BHP’s forward production and cost guidance published in accordance with the ASX
                                  Listing Rules are prepared utilising BHP’s internally generated projected long-term commodity
                                  prices and cost assumptions. Therefore, the production schedule data included in this TRS may
                                  differ from BHP’s production guidance published in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules.
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                         Page iii




                         Report Prepared by:

                           Qualified Person             Specific Type of Activity and          Signature                 Date
                                                        Area of Accountability

                           Balazs Nemeth                Mineral Tenure & Mineral               /s/Balazs Nemeth          30 June 2024
                                                        Resources – Section 1, 2, 3, 7
                                                        (excluding 7.3, 7.4), 11,13.2.2, 20,
                                                        22.1, 24
                           Ozen Turkekul                Mineral Resources – Section 1, 2,      /s/Ozen Turkekul          30 June 2024
                                                        4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 21, 22.1, 24
                           Johannes Sondergaard         Mineral Reserves – Section 1, 2,       /s/Johannes Sondergaard   30 June 2024
                                                        12, 13 (excluding 13.2.1, 13.2.2),




For personal use only
                                                        15 (excluding 15.6), 16, 17.4-17.7,
                                                        19, 22.2, 23, 24, 25
                                                        Capital Costs - Section 1, 2, 18.2
                           Cameron McKinnon             Metallurgy, Processing - Section 1,    /s/Cameron McKinnon       30 June 2024
                                                        2, 10, 14
                           Jairo Gomez                  Mineral Reserves, Geotechnical –       /s/Jairo Gomez            30 June 2024
                                                        Section 1, 2, 7.4, 13.2.1
                           Graham Reynolds              Operating Costs - Section 1, 2, 18.1   /s/Graham Reynolds        30 June 2024
                           Melanie Failler              Environmental studies, Permitting -    /s/Melanie Failler        30 June 2024
                                                        Section 1, 2, 17 Introduction, 17.1,
                                                        17.2 (excluding 17.2.1, 17.2.2.),
                                                        17.3
                           Jessica Perras               Tailings disposal - Section 15.6,      /s/Jessica Perras         30 June 2024
                                                        17.2.1, 17.2.2
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                              Page iv




                        Table of Contents
                        1     EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ................................................................................................................................................. 15

                            1.1       PROPERTY DESCRIPTION AND OWNERSHIP ...................................................................................................................... 16
                            1.2       GEOLOGY AND MINERALISATION .................................................................................................................................. 17
                            1.3       STATUS OF EXPLORATION, DEVELOPMENT AND OPERATIONS ............................................................................................... 18
                            1.4       MINERAL RESOURCES AND MINERAL RESERVES ESTIMATES ................................................................................................. 18
                              1.4.1           Mineral Resources ....................................................................................................................................... 18
                              1.4.2           Mineral Reserves ......................................................................................................................................... 20
                            1.5       MINING METHOD ..................................................................................................................................................... 20
                            1.6       PROCESSING AND RECOVERY METHODS ......................................................................................................................... 21




For personal use only
                            1.7       INFRASTRUCTURE ..................................................................................................................................................... 21
                            1.8       MARKET STUDIES ..................................................................................................................................................... 22
                            1.9       CAPITAL AND OPERATING COST ESTIMATES ..................................................................................................................... 22
                            1.10      ECONOMIC ANALYSIS................................................................................................................................................. 23
                            1.11      PERMITTING REQUIREMENTS ....................................................................................................................................... 23
                            1.12      QUALIFIED PERSON’S CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS ............................................................................................. 24

                        2     INTRODUCTION ........................................................................................................................................................... 25

                            2.1       REGISTRANT FOR WHOM THE TECHNICAL REPORT SUMMARY WAS PREPARED ......................................................................... 25
                            2.2       TERMS OF REFERENCE AND PURPOSE OF THE REPORT ........................................................................................................ 25
                            2.3       SOURCES OF I NFORMATION ......................................................................................................................................... 25
                            2.4       DETAILS OF INSPECTION ............................................................................................................................................. 25
                            2.5       REPORT VERSION UPDATE .......................................................................................................................................... 27

                        3     PROPERTY DESCRIPTION.............................................................................................................................................. 28

                            3.1       PROPERTY LOCATION ................................................................................................................................................. 28
                            3.2       MINERAL TENURE ..................................................................................................................................................... 29
                            3.3       MINERAL RIGHTS DESCRIPTION .................................................................................................................................... 32
                            3.4       ENCUMBRANCES ...................................................................................................................................................... 33
                            3.5       OTHER SIGNIFICANT FACTORS AND RISKS ........................................................................................................................ 33
                            3.6       ROYALTIES OR SIMILAR INTEREST .................................................................................................................................. 33

                        4     ACCESSIBILITY, CLIMATE, LOCAL RESOURCES, INFRASTRUCTURE, AND PHYSIOGRAPHY .............................................. 34

                            4.1       TOPOGRAPHY, ELEVATION, AND VEGETATION .................................................................................................................. 34
                            4.2       MEANS OF ACCESS.................................................................................................................................................... 34
                            4.3       CLIMATE AND LENGTH OF OPERATING SEASON ................................................................................................................ 34
                            4.4       INFRASTRUCTURE AND AVAILABILITY .............................................................................................................................. 34
                            4.5       WATER .................................................................................................................................................................. 35
                            4.6       ELECTRICITY ............................................................................................................................................................ 35
                            4.7       PERSONNEL ............................................................................................................................................................. 35
                            4.8       SUPPLIES ................................................................................................................................................................ 35

                        5     HISTORY ...................................................................................................................................................................... 36

                            5.1       PREVIOUS OPERATIONS .............................................................................................................................................. 36
                            5.2       EXPLORATION AND DEVELOPMENT BY PREVIOUS OWNERS OR OPERATORS ............................................................................. 36
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                              Page v


                        6       GEOLOGICAL SETTING, MINERALIZATION, AND DEPOSIT............................................................................................. 38

                             6.1        REGIONAL GEOLOGY ................................................................................................................................................. 38
                             6.2        LOCAL GEOLOGY ...................................................................................................................................................... 38
                             6.3        PROPERTY GEOLOGY ................................................................................................................................................. 41
                             6.4        MINERAL DEPOSIT .................................................................................................................................................... 42

                        7       EXPLORATION.............................................................................................................................................................. 45

                             7.1        EXPLORATION WORK (OTHER THAN DRILLING) ................................................................................................................ 45
                                7.1.1           Procedures and Parameters Relating to the Surveys and Investigations ........................................................ 45
                                7.1.2           Sampling Methods and Sample Quality ........................................................................................................ 46
                                7.1.3           Information about the Area Covered ............................................................................................................ 47
                                7.1.4           Significant Results and Interpretation .......................................................................................................... 47




For personal use only
                             7.2        EXPLORATION DRILLING ............................................................................................................................................. 49
                                7.2.1           Drilling Type and Extent ............................................................................................................................... 49
                                7.2.2           Drilling, Sampling and Recovery Factors ....................................................................................................... 50
                                7.2.3      Drilling Results and Interpretation................................................................................................................ 52
                             7.3      HYDROGEOLOGY ...................................................................................................................................................... 53
                                7.3.1           Near Surface Hydrogeology ......................................................................................................................... 53
                                7.3.2           Deep Hydrogeology ..................................................................................................................................... 57
                             7.4        GEOTECHNICAL DATA, TESTING, AND ANALYSIS ................................................................................................................ 60

                        8       SAMPLE PREPARATION, ANALYSES, AND SECURITY ..................................................................................................... 63

                             8.1        SAMPLE PREPARATION METHODS AND QUALITY CONTROL MEASURES .................................................................................. 63
                                8.1.1           Methods ...................................................................................................................................................... 63
                                8.1.2           Sample Security ........................................................................................................................................... 65
                             8.2        SAMPLE PREPARATION, ASSAYING AND ANALYTICAL PROCEDURES ........................................................................................ 65
                             8.3        QUALITY CONTROL /QUALITY ASSURANCE PROCEDURES .................................................................................................... 66
                             8.4        OPINION ON ADEQUACY ............................................................................................................................................. 69
                             8.5        NON-CONVENTIONAL INDUSTRY PRACTICE ...................................................................................................................... 69

                        9       DATA VERIFICATION .................................................................................................................................................... 70

                             9.1      DATA VERIFICATION PROCEDURES ................................................................................................................................ 70
                                9.1.1      External Reviews.......................................................................................................................................... 70
                                9.1.2       Internal Reviews .......................................................................................................................................... 70
                             9.2      LIMITATIONS ........................................................................................................................................................... 70
                             9.3        OPINION ON DATA ADEQUACY ..................................................................................................................................... 71

                        10          MINERAL PROCESSING AND METALLURGICAL TESTING ........................................................................................... 72

                             10.1       TESTING AND PROCEDURES ......................................................................................................................................... 72
                             10.2       SAMPLE REPRESENTATIVENESS ..................................................................................................................................... 73
                             10.3       LABORATORIES ......................................................................................................................................................... 75
                             10.4 RELEVANT RESULTS ................................................................................................................................................... 76
                               10.4.1  Impact of ore variability on plant recovery ................................................................................................... 77
                             10.5       ADEQUACY OF DATA AND NON-CONVENTIONAL INDUSTRY PRACTICE .................................................................................... 78
                             10.6       OPINION ON INFLUENCE FOR ECONOMIC EXTRACTION ....................................................................................................... 78

                        11          MINERAL RESOURCES ESTIMATES ........................................................................................................................... 79
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                Page vi


                             11.1      KEY ASSUMPTIONS, PARAMETERS, AND METHODS USED .................................................................................................... 79
                             11.2      GEOLOGICAL MODELLING ........................................................................................................................................... 80
                             11.3      BLOCK MODELLING ................................................................................................................................................... 80
                             11.4      VALIDATION ............................................................................................................................................................ 82
                             11.5      CUT-OFF GRADES ESTIMATES ...................................................................................................................................... 83
                             11.6      REASONABLE PROSPECT FOR ECONOMIC EXTRACTION (RPEE) ............................................................................................. 83
                             11.7      RESOURCE CLASSIFICATION AND CRITERIA ....................................................................................................................... 83
                             11.8      UNCERTAINTY .......................................................................................................................................................... 85
                             11.9      MINERAL RESOURCE STATEMENT ................................................................................................................................. 86
                             11.10         DISCUSSION OF RELATIVE ACCURACY/CONFIDENCE ....................................................................................................... 87

                        12          MINERAL RESERVE ESTIMATES ................................................................................................................................ 88

                             12.1      KEY ASSUMPTIONS, PARAMETERS AND METHODS USED ..................................................................................................... 88




For personal use only
                             12.2      CUT-OFF GRADES ESTIMATES ...................................................................................................................................... 91
                             12.3      RESERVES CLASSIFICATION AND CRITERIA ........................................................................................................................ 93
                             12.4      MINERAL RESERVE STATEMENT .................................................................................................................................... 94
                             12.5      DISCUSSION OF RELATIVE ACCURACY/CONFIDENCE ........................................................................................................... 94

                        13          MINING METHODS .................................................................................................................................................. 96

                             13.1      SELECTED MINING METHOD........................................................................................................................................ 96
                             13.2 ADDITIONAL PARAMETERS RELEVANT TO MINE DESIGNS AND PLANS ..................................................................................... 97
                               13.2.1  Geotechnical Models ................................................................................................................................... 97
                                13.2.2         Hydrogeological Models ............................................................................................................................ 100
                             13.3      PRODUCTION RATES AND MINE LIFE ........................................................................................................................... 101
                             13.4      MINING UNIT DIMENSIONS, MINING DILUTION AND RECOVERY FACTORS ............................................................................ 102
                             13.5      OVERBURDEN STRIPPING, UNDERGROUND DEVELOPMENT AND BACKFILLING ........................................................................ 104
                             13.6      EQUIPMENT AND PERSONNEL .................................................................................................................................... 104
                             13.7      FINAL MINE OUTLINE .............................................................................................................................................. 107

                        14          PROCESSING AND RECOVERY METHODS ............................................................................................................... 109

                             14.1      PROCESS PLANT ..................................................................................................................................................... 111
                             14.2      PLANT THROUGHPUT AND DESIGN, EQUIPMENT CHARACTERISTICS AND SPECIFICATIONS .......................................................... 113
                             14.3      REQUIREMENTS FOR ENERGY, WATER, PROCESS MATERIALS, AND PERSONNEL ...................................................................... 114
                             14.4      NOVEL PROCESSING METHODS .................................................................................................................................. 115

                        15          INFRASTRUCTURE.................................................................................................................................................. 116

                             15.1      ROADS ................................................................................................................................................................. 118
                             15.2      RAIL .................................................................................................................................................................... 119
                             15.3      PORT FACILITIES ..................................................................................................................................................... 120
                             15.4      DAMS .................................................................................................................................................................. 120
                             15.5      DUMPS AND LEACH PADS ......................................................................................................................................... 120
                             15.6      TAILINGS DISPOSAL ................................................................................................................................................. 120
                             15.7      POWER, WATER AND PIPELINES ................................................................................................................................. 121
                             15.8      UNDERGROUND INFRASTRUCTURE .............................................................................................................................. 122
                                15.8.1         Mine bulk material handling (BMH) system................................................................................................ 122
                                15.8.2         Underground Electrical Distribution ........................................................................................................... 123
                                15.8.3         Mine ventilation infrastructure .................................................................................................................. 123
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                          Page vii


                                15.8.4          Dewatering................................................................................................................................................ 124
                                15.8.5          Underground maintenance ........................................................................................................................ 124
                             15.9 SHAFTS AND HOISTING ............................................................................................................................................. 125
                               15.9.1  Hoist and headframe ................................................................................................................................. 125
                               15.9.2    Shaft liner.................................................................................................................................................. 125
                             15.10    INFRASTRUCTURE LAYOUT MAP ............................................................................................................................. 126

                        16          MARKET STUDIES .................................................................................................................................................. 127

                             16.1 MARKET INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................... 127
                               16.1.1 Product Specifications................................................................................................................................ 127
                                16.1.2          Supply Demand and Pricing ....................................................................................................................... 128
                                16.1.3          Competitors............................................................................................................................................... 131
                                16.1.4          Market Entry Strategies ............................................................................................................................. 132




For personal use only
                             16.2       CONTRACTS AND STATUS .......................................................................................................................................... 133

                        17          ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES, PERMITTING, PLANS AND AGREEMENTS ................................................................... 136

                             17.1       ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES AND IMPACT ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................................... 136
                             17.2       WASTE AND TAILINGS DISPOSAL ................................................................................................................................. 138
                                17.2.1          Waste and Tailings Disposal....................................................................................................................... 139
                                17.2.2          Site Monitoring.......................................................................................................................................... 140
                               17.2.3  Water Management .................................................................................................................................. 140
                             17.3 PROJECT PERMITTING AND APPROVALS ........................................................................................................................ 141
                             17.4       SOCIAL PLANS AND AGREEMENTS ............................................................................................................................... 142
                             17.5       CLOSURE PLANNING ................................................................................................................................................ 142
                             17.6       LOCAL PROCUREMENT AND HIRING .............................................................................................................................. 143
                             17.7       DISCUSSION OF RELATIVE ACCURACY/CONFIDENCE ......................................................................................................... 143

                        18          CAPITAL AND OPERATING COSTS .......................................................................................................................... 145

                             18.1       OPERATING COST ................................................................................................................................................... 145
                                18.1.1          Operating Cost Estimate ............................................................................................................................ 145
                                18.1.2          Basis and Accuracy Level for Cost Estimates ............................................................................................... 147
                             18.2 CAPITAL COST ........................................................................................................................................................ 147
                               18.2.1  Capital Cost Estimate................................................................................................................................. 147
                                18.2.2          Basis and Accuracy Level for Cost Estimates ............................................................................................... 149

                        19          ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ............................................................................................................................................ 151

                             19.1       KEY ASSUMPTIONS, PARAMETERS AND METHODS USED..................................................................................................... 151
                                19.1.1          Mine Plan Physicals ................................................................................................................................... 151
                                19.1.2          Potash Price............................................................................................................................................... 151
                                19.1.3          Foreign Exchange Rate .............................................................................................................................. 151
                                19.1.4          Capital and Operating Costs....................................................................................................................... 151
                                19.1.5          Closure Costs ............................................................................................................................................. 151
                                19.1.6          Royalties and Taxes ................................................................................................................................... 151
                                19.1.7          Valuation Assumptions .............................................................................................................................. 152
                             19.2       RESULTS OF ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ............................................................................................................................... 153
                             19.3       SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS .............................................................................................................................................. 154

                        20          ADJACENT PROPERTIES ......................................................................................................................................... 156
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                        Page viii


                        21          OTHER RELEVANT DATA AND INFORMATION ........................................................................................................ 158

                        22          INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSIONS................................................................................................................... 159

                             22.1      MINERAL RESOURCES .............................................................................................................................................. 159
                             22.2      MINERAL RESERVES ................................................................................................................................................ 159

                        23          RECOMMENDATIONS ............................................................................................................................................ 160

                        24          REFERENCES .......................................................................................................................................................... 161

                        25          RELIANCE ON INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE REGISTRANT .............................................................................. 162




For personal use only
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                        Page ix



                        List of Tables
                        TABLE 1-1: JANSEN – SUMMARY OF POTASH (EXCLUSIVE) MINERAL RESOURCES (AS AT 30TH JUNE 2024)...................................................... 19
                        TABLE 1-2: JANSEN – SUMMARY OF POTASH MINERAL RESERVES (AS AT 30TH JUNE 2024) ........................................................................ 20
                        TABLE 2-1: LIST OF QUALIFIED PERSONS ......................................................................................................................................... 26
                        TABLE 2-2: QUALIFIED PERSONS SITE VISITS .................................................................................................................................... 27
                        TABLE 3-1: JANSEN SERVICE SHAFT COORDINATES ............................................................................................................................ 28
                        TABLE 3-2: JANSEN MAIN LEASE AREAS AND ASSOCIATED PAYMENTS .................................................................................................... 30
                        TABLE 3-3: SUMMARY OF JANSEN LAND POSITION............................................................................................................................. 33
                        TABLE 5-1: SUMMARY OF EXPLORATION DRILLING BY PREVIOUS OWNERS ................................................................................................ 36
                        TABLE 7-1: SEISMIC SURVEY SAMPLING .......................................................................................................................................... 46
                        TABLE 7-2: SUMMARY OF BHP CANADA DRILLING INFORMATION ......................................................................................................... 50
                        TABLE 7-3: SUMMARY OF HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES FOR THE NEAR SURFACE HYDROSTRATIGRAPHIC UNITS ....................................... 55




For personal use only
                        TABLE 7-4: SUMMARY OF HYDRAULIC PARAMETERS AND VALUES MEASURED IN FIELD FOR THE BRINE DISPOSAL HORIZON ................................ 60
                        TABLE 7-5: CSR TEST RESULTS ..................................................................................................................................................... 61
                        TABLE 7-6: BRZ TEST RESULTS ..................................................................................................................................................... 61
                        TABLE 11-1: COMPARISON OF DRILL HOLE, DECLUSTERED (AREA WEIGHTED DRILL HOLE), AND RESOURCE MODEL K2O VALUES FROM PLY#1............ 83
                        TABLE 11-2: JANSEN – SUMMARY OF POTASH (EXCLUSIVE) MINERAL RESOURCES (AS AT 30TH JUNE 2024) .................................................... 87
                        TABLE 12-1: MINE DESIGN MODIFYING FACTORS ............................................................................................................................. 89
                        TABLE 12-2: ROOF BEAM THICKNESS THRESHOLDS ............................................................................................................................ 90
                        TABLE 12-3: ASSUMPTIONS / ESTIMATES FOR CUT-OFF GRADE ............................................................................................................ 92
                        TABLE 12-4: LIST OF CUT-OFFS CURRENTLY IN USE ........................................................................................................................... 92
                        TABLE 12-5: JANSEN PROJECT KEY VALUE DRIVERS ........................................................................................................................... 93
                        TABLE 12-6: RANGE CASES – GRADE SUMMARY ............................................................................................................................... 93
                        TABLE 12-7: JANSEN – SUMMARY OF POTASH MINERAL RESERVES (AS AT 30TH JUNE 2024)....................................................................... 94
                        TABLE 13-1: ESTIMATED RUN OF MINE PRODUCTION (BY FINANCIAL YEAR 1 JULY – 30 JUNE, BASED ON FY24 LOA) ...................................... 101
                        TABLE 13-2: JANSEN LIFE OF MINE MOBILE EQUIPMENT LIST .............................................................................................................. 106
                        TABLE 13-3: JANSEN FULL TIME EQUIVALENT PERSONNEL AT STEADY STATE .......................................................................................... 107
                        TABLE 16-1: AWARDED AND PENDING PACKAGES ........................................................................................................................... 133
                        TABLE 17-1: JANSEN PROJECT VALUED ECOSYSTEM COMPONENTS AND MITIGATION MEASURES ............................................................... 138
                        TABLE 18-1: MAJOR COMPONENTS OF OPERATING COSTS FOR JANSEN MINE ....................................................................................... 146
                        TABLE 18-2: JANSEN CAPEX BY AREA, US$B (REAL 2024) ............................................................................................................... 149
                        TABLE 19-1: ANNUAL CASH FLOW AND SUMMARY ......................................................................................................................... 154
                        TABLE 19-2: RESULTS OF SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS (UNRISKED NPV US$B) ............................................................................................. 155
                        TABLE 25-1: RELIANCE ON INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE REGISTRANT ............................................................................................. 162
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                              Page x



                        List of Figures
                        FIGURE 1-1: LOCATION OF THE JANSEN POTASH PROJECT ................................................................................................................... 16
                        FIGURE 3-1: LOCATION MAP OF JANSEN ........................................................................................................................................ 29
                        FIGURE 3-2: LEASE AREAS OF JANSEN ............................................................................................................................................ 32
                        FIGURE 6-1: REGIONAL GEOLOGY MAP – WESTERN CANADIAN SEDIMENTARY BASIN (GEOLOGICAL MAP OF CANADA – GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF
                             CANADA). ....................................................................................................................................................................... 38
                        FIGURE 6-2: MAP OF POTASH DISTRIBUTION WITHIN THE WILLISTON BASIN (MODIFIED FROM FUZESY (1982))................................................ 39
                        FIGURE 6-3: SCHEMATIC GEOLOGICAL SECTION SHOWING THE POTASH MEMBERS OF THE PRAIRIE EVAPORITE FORMATION. THE LOCATION OF THE
                             SECTION IS SHOWN ON FIGURE 6-2: ...................................................................................................................................... 40
                        FIGURE 6-4: STRATIGRAPHIC COLUMN FOR THE JANSEN AREA (AFTER STRATIGRAPHIC CORRELATION CHART ECONOMY.GOV.SK.CA, 2016). ............ 41
                        FIGURE 6-5: DETAILED STRATIGRAPHY OF THE PATIENCE LAKE MEMBER. ................................................................................................ 42
                        FIGURE 6-6: THREE MAIN TYPES OF ANOMALIES (MACKINTOSH AND MC VITTIE (1983))............................................................................ 44




For personal use only
                        FIGURE 7-1: EXPLORATION COVERAGE. THE BLACK LINE SHOWS THE LOCATION OF THE CROSS SECTION DISPLAYED IN FIGURE 7-5. ........................ 47
                        FIGURE 7-2: STRUCTURAL FEATURES AND TOP OF PRAIRIE EVAPORITE ELEVATION IMAGED BY 3D SEISMIC ....................................................... 48
                        FIGURE 7-3: OIL RIG USED IN BHP CANADA POTASH EXPLORATION DRILLING ........................................................................................... 49
                        FIGURE 7-4: THE FOUR SECTIONS OF THE EXPLORATION DRILLING PROGRAM AND ABANDONMENT PROCEDURES. .............................................. 51
                        FIGURE 7-5: NORTH-SOUTH CROSS SECTION SHOWING MAIN POTASH AND GEOLOGICAL UNITS IMMEDIATELY ABOVE, (DB CARBONATES – DAWSON
                             BAY CARBONATES MEMBER, RB2 – SECOND RED BEDS MEMBER, UPL – UPPER PATIENCE LAKE SUB-MEMBER, LPL – LOWER PATIENCE LAKE
                               SUB-MEMBER, BP – BELLE PLAINE MEMBER). THE VERTICAL AXIS IS IN ELEVATION (M). BOTH HISTORICAL AND BHP CANADA DRILL HOLES ARE
                               INCLUDED. ...................................................................................................................................................................... 53
                        FIGURE 7-6: SCHEMATIC NEAR SURFACE HYDROSTRATIGRAPHY IN THE JANSEN PROJECT AREA..................................................................... 54
                        FIGURE 7-7: LOCATION MAP OF BOREHOLES AND MONITORING WELLS ................................................................................................. 56
                        FIGURE 7-8: SCHEMATIC DEEP HYDROSTRATIGRAPHY IN THE JANSEN PROJECT AREA (MODIFIED BASED ON FIGURE 6-4) .................................... 58
                        FIGURE 8-1: CORE LOGGING AND SAMPLING WORKFLOW .................................................................................................................... 64
                        FIGURE 10-1: GEOGRAPHICAL REGIONS FOR METALLURGICAL TESTING. .................................................................................................. 74
                        FIGURE 11-1: SCHEMATICS OF THE BLOCK MODEL SET UP FOR RESOURCE MODELLING. THE MODEL IS REFERENCED FROM THE 406 SEAM, APPROXIMATE
                               LOCATION OF THE 402 AND 401 SEAMS ARE ALSO SHOWN FOR REFERENCE. .................................................................................... 81
                        FIGURE 11-2: PLAN OF THE JANSEN LPL CLASSIFIED MINERAL RESOURCE. NOTE THAT ONLY MEASURED RESOURCE HAS BEEN CONVERTED TO MINERAL
                             RESERVES. WHITE AREAS ARE NOT PART OF THE RESOURCE. ......................................................................................................... 85
                        FIGURE 12-1: NAMING CONVENTION AND TYPICAL ARRANGEMENT OF PILLARS ......................................................................................... 89
                        FIGURE 13-1: GENERAL ARRANGEMENT OF DEVELOPMENT ACCESS AND PRODUCTION PANELS ...................................................................... 96
                        FIGURE 13-2: SCHEMATIC OF LOCAL GEOLOGY, AQUIFER LOCATIONS IN RELATION TO POTASH STRATA .......................................................... 98
                        FIGURE 13-3: CHANGE IN PANEL EXTRACTION WITH INCREASING DEPTH .................................................................................................. 99
                        FIGURE 13-4: JANSEN ESTIMATED PRODUCTION PROFILE ................................................................................................................. 101
                        FIGURE 13-5: ACTIVE MINING AREA PROGRESSION .......................................................................................................................... 102
                        FIGURE 13-6: HISTOGRAM OF MINING ROOM DESIGN HEIGHTS ........................................................................................................... 103
                        FIGURE 13-7: HISTOGRAM OF PLANNED LINEAR METRES TO BE EXCAVATED BY TOP DILUTION THICKNESS INTERVAL .......................................... 104
                        FIGURE 13-8: JANSEN MINE DESIGN. ........................................................................................................................................... 108
                        FIGURE 14-1: JANSEN PROCESSING SHEET FLOW ............................................................................................................................. 111
                        FIGURE 15-1: SCHEMATIC OF JANSEN OPERATIONS WHEN IN PRODUCTION ........................................................................................... 117
                        FIGURE 15-2: BASIC VALUE CHAIN.............................................................................................................................................. 118
                        FIGURE 15-3: OFF–SITE RAIL CONNECTIONS .................................................................................................................................. 119
                        FIGURE 15-4: SIMPLIFIED FLOW DIAGRAM OF UNDERGROUND CONVEYOR SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 123
                        FIGURE 15-5: INFRASTRUCTURE LAYOUT MAP ............................................................................................................................... 126
                        FIGURE 16-1: HISTORICAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN CROP PRODUCTION, POPULATION AND POTASH DEMAND ................................................. 128
                        FIGURE 16-2: MOP SUPPLY BY REGIONS (MT)............................................................................................................................... 129
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                          Page xi


                        FIGURE 16-3: HISTORICAL MOP PRICING (US$/T ANNUAL AVERAGE) ................................................................................................. 131
                        FIGURE 19-1: ANNUAL CASH FLOW (US$B REAL 2024) .................................................................................................................. 153
                        FIGURE 20-1: JANSEN LEASE AND NEIGHBOURING POTASH DISPOSITIONS AND PROPERTIES. ....................................................................... 157




For personal use only
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                 Page xii



                        List of Abbreviations
                        The metric system has been used throughout this report. Tonnes are metric of 1,000 kg, or 2,204.6 lb. All
                        currency is in U.S. dollars (US$) unless otherwise stated.
                         Abbreviation                    Unit or Term
                         A                               ampere
                         AAS                             atomic absorption spectroscopy
                         AES                             atomic emission spectroscopy
                         AVDI                            Annual visual dyke inspection
                         A/m2                            amperes per square metre
                         BMH                             Bulk material handling
                         BRZ                             Brazilian Indirect Tensile Strength
                         °C                              degrees Centigrade
                         CAGR                            Compound Annual Growth Rate
                         CFR                             Cost and Freight
                         cm                              centimetre




For personal use only
                         cm2                             square centimetre
                         cm3                             cubic centimetre
                         CMC                             constant mean stress
                         CMR                             Combined Magnetic Resonance
                         CSR                             constant strain rate
                         CY                              calendar year
                         °                               degree (degrees)
                         DPM                             Diesel Particulate Matter
                         EBS                             Extendable Belt System
                         EDF                             Environmental Design Flood
                         EIA                             Environmental Impact Assessment
                         EIS                             Environmental Impact Statement
                         EMP                             Environmental Management Plan
                         FMT                             Formation Multi-tester
                         FOB                             Free on Board
                         FOS                             Factor of Safety
                         FTE                             full-time equivalent
                         Ft                              foot (feet)
                         FY                              financial year
                         G                               gram
                         Gal                             gallon
                         GISTM                           Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management
                         g/L                             gram per litre
                         Gpm                             gallons per minute
                         GPR                             ground penetrating radar
                         GJ/year                         gigajoules per year
                         Gpa                             gigapascals
                         Ha                              hectares
                         HDPE                            High Density Polyethylene
                         Hp                              horsepower
                         HRIA                            Heritage Resource Impact Assessment
                         Hrs                             hours
                         IA                              Indigenous Agreement
                         ICP                             inductively coupled plasma
                         IDF                             Inflow Design Flood
                         IOC                             Integrated Operations Centre
                         JEMP                            Jansen Environment Management Plan
                         JS1                             Jansen Stage 1
                         JS2                             Jansen Stage 2
                         KCl                             Potassium Chloride
                         kg                              kilograms
                         km                              kilometre
                         km2                             square kilometre
                         kPa                             kilopascal
                         kV                              kilovolt
                         kWh                             kilowatt-hour
                         kWh/t                           kilowatt-hour per metric tonne
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                               Page xiii


                         Abbreviation                    Unit or Term
                         L                               litre
                         L/sec                           litres per second
                         L/sec/m                         litres per second per meter
                         L/y                             litres per year
                         Lb                              pound
                         LFA                             Live Fluid Analyser
                         LHD                             Long-Haul Dump truck
                         LLDDP                           Linear Low Density Polyethylene Plastic
                         LoA                             Life of asset
                         LoM                             Life-of-Mine
                         LPL                             Lower Patience Lake sub-member
                         LRMC                            long run marginal cost
                         m                               metre
                         m/s                             metres per second
                         m2                              square metre
                         m3                              cubic metre
                         m3/y




For personal use only
                                                         cubic metres per year
                         m3/t                            cubic metres per tonne
                         masl                            metres above sea level
                         mD                              milliDarcy
                         ms                              millisecond
                         MCM                             Thousands of Circular Mills (thickness)
                         MDT                             Modular Formation Dynamic Tester
                         mg/L                            milligrams/litre
                         mm                              millimetre
                         MOE                             Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment
                         MOP                             Muriate of Potash
                         MPa                             megapascals
                         Mt                              million tonnes
                         Mtpa                            million tonnes per year
                         MW                              million watts
                         MWh/year                        million watt hours per year
                         Myr                             million years
                         m/s                             metres per second
                         NI 43-101                       Canadian National Instrument 43-101
                         NMR                             Nuclear Magnetic Resonance
                         NPI                             Non – Process Infrastructure
                         OWL                             Outer Welded Liner
                         %                               per cent
                         PCS                             Process Control System
                         Psi                             pounds per square inch
                         PVE                             production volume estimate
                         QA/QC                           Quality Assurance/Quality Control
                         RC                              Reverse circulation drilling
                         RoM                             Run-of-Mine
                         RWW                             Raw Water Well
                         SB                              Shadow band
                         Sec                             second
                         SER                             Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and Resources
                         SG                              specific gravity
                         SME                             subject matter expert
                         SRC                             Saskatchewan Research Council
                         SRMC                            short run marginal cost
                         SSEWS                           Saskatoon Southeast Water Supply
                         STP                             sewage treatment plant
                         t                               tonne (metric ton) (2,204.6 pounds)
                         TCC                             Tri-axial compression creep
                         TMA                             tailing management area
                         tph                             tonnes per hour
                         TSF                             Tailings Storage Facilities
                         UPL                             Upper Patience Lake sub-member
                         US SEC                          US Securities and Exchange Commission
                         UTM                             Universal Transverse Mercator
                         V                               volts
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                    Page xiv


                         Abbreviation                    Unit or Term
                         VIT                             Vertical Interface Test
                         VFD                             variable frequency drive
                         W                               watt
                         WCSB                            Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin
                         WRA                             whole rock analysis
                         Y                               year
                         2D                              Two dimensions
                         3D                              Three dimensions




For personal use only
                        ..
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                       Page 15




                        1       Executive Summary
                                  This report was prepared as a Prefeasibility Study-level Technical Report Summary in
                                  accordance with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-K (Title 17,
                                  Part 229, Items 601(b)(96) and S-K 1300) for BHP Group Limited on the Jansen Potash Project
                                  (Jansen) development stage property. BHP Group Limited has a 100 per cent ownership of
                                  Jansen.
                                  This document describes the Jansen Project, which is the combined Stage 1 and Stage 2
                                  development at Jansen, noting all future staged production expansion as beyond the scope of the
                                  document.
                                  The scope of the Jansen Project is currently comprised of:




For personal use only
                                          A fully lined service shaft with permanent hoists capable of 1,750 tph, equipped with steel
                                           guides and loading/unloading to accommodate two 50-tonne skips and a 90-person
                                           service cage;

                                          A fully lined production shaft. The existing sinking arrangement will undergo a hoist and
                                           headframe changeover to accommodate the interim hoisting requirements for the lateral
                                           connection of the two shafts and subsequent shaft pillar development. The interim
                                           arrangement of the production shaft will be changed over to a permanent arrangement
                                           equipped with steel guides and loading/unloading to accommodate two 75-tonne skips
                                           capable of 2,200 tph to 2,700 tph of hoisting, noting engineering is ongoing;

                                          A shaft pillar area with skip loading facilities, conveyor networks, raw ore storage bins,
                                           remote ore storage area, refuge stations, workshops, materials management areas,
                                           offices, principal refuge chambers, mobile equipment battery charging stations, and
                                           parking areas;

                                          Establishment of three mining districts that host the production mining panels and
                                           supporting development units, and are connected to the shaft infrastructure through
                                           conveyor networks;

                                          Production and development mining equipment, including MF460 borers, extendable belt
                                           systems, continuous miners, batch haulage equipment, and supporting fleet of
                                           underground personnel and service vehicles;

                                          Two 1,483 tph ore processing plants including:
                                               o    Raw ore handling, storage, and crushing;
                                               o    Process mill building wet area comprising attrition scrubbing, desliming, flotation,
                                                    and debrining;
                                               o    Process mill building dry area comprising drying, screening, compaction, and
                                                    glazing;
                                               o    Tailings processing and reagents;
                                               o    Product handling, storage, screening, and loadout;
                        ..
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                    Page 16



                                          Non-process infrastructure, including a tailings management area, administration building,
                                           warehousing, workshops, utilities, on-site rail, and financial support for port facility
                                           conversion to ship product to overseas markets.

                        1.1     Property Description and Ownership




For personal use only




                                Figure 1-1: Location of the Jansen Potash Project
                                  The Jansen Potash Project is located in the Province of Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately
                                  150 kilometres east of the city of Saskatoon (Figure 1-1). The site is accessed by road from
                                  provincial Highway 16, approximately 12 kilometres to the south, and Highway 5, approximately
                                  32 kilometres to the north. There is a commercial international airport located in Saskatoon.
                                  The Jansen site is in a rural setting in Saskatchewan, Canada, with small farming communities
                                  located nearby. The closest city is Humboldt with a population of about 6,000 and is located
                                  approximately 60 kilometres away. The Jansen site is currently under active construction.
                        ..
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                       Page 17


                                  The Jansen project is located exclusively within the Subsurface Mineral Lease KLSA 011 (‘KLSA
                                  011’), which is wholly owned and operated by BHP Canada Inc. (BHP Canada). The KLSA 011
                                  agreement gives BHP Canada the exclusive right to search for, dig, work, mine, extract, recover,
                                  process and carry away subsurface minerals under or within all of the Saskatchewan Crown
                                  mineral parcels. The term of the lease is twenty-one years, commencing on 23 November 2012,
                                  and is renewable at the option of BHP Canada for successive terms of twenty-one years each.
                                  Most mineral parcels inside the boundaries of KLSA 011 are owned by the Saskatchewan Crown
                                  (~1,033 square kilometres). The remaining mineral parcels (~123 square kilometres) are owned
                                  by individuals and/or corporations.

                        1.2     Geology and Mineralisation
                                  Potash is the common name given to a group of minerals and chemicals that contain potassium




For personal use only
                                  (K) which is a basic nutrient for plants and an important ingredient in fertilizer. Potash is produced
                                  as potassium chloride (KCl) in Saskatchewan from sylvinite rock that is a mixture of Sylvite (KCl)
                                  and Halite (NaCl) minerals. The KCl content is measured and refer to it in terms of potassium
                                  oxide (%K2O) equivalence. %K2O grade is equivalent to KCl content using the mineralogical
                                  conversion factor of 1.583. Jansen potash deposit is composed of combinations of halite (NaCl),
                                  sylvite (KCl) with variable mounts of disseminated insolubles and clay seams.
                                  The Jansen potash deposit is located within the Williston Basin, a large, intracratonic, horizontally
                                  bedded sedimentary basin. The geology of the basin and its geological formations are well known
                                  from extensive exploratory drilling for hydrocarbons and minerals and from geophysical data
                                  collected since 1952. This basin wide geological information is publicly available from the
                                  Saskatchewan Geological Survey in the form of maps, cross-sections, drill hole-based formation
                                  contact identification, core from historical drill holes, and other publications. Potash exploration
                                  drill hole information in Saskatchewan becomes publicly available five years after drilling under
                                  current Saskatchewan regulations.
                                  The potash beds are hosted within the Prairie Evaporite (PE) Formation, in regionally extensive,
                                  horizontal layers during the repeated, cyclical evaporation of a shallow, inland sea during the
                                  Devonian period.
                                  In Jansen, the potash is at a depth of approximately 800 metres to approximately 1,050 metres.
                                  Two Potash members are present in Jansen those being the Patience Lake and Belle Plaine
                                  members. The Patience Lake Member is further subdivided into Upper Patience Lake (UPL) and
                                  Lower Patience Lake (LPL) sub-members. The LPL sub-member is the potash horizon targeted
                                  for Jansen. The LPL sub-member is composed of sylvite (KCl), halite (NaCl) with variable
                                  amounts of disseminated insolubles and clay seams. Carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O), a mineral
                                  which can impact processing and ground stability, occasionally occurs in place of sylvite within
                                  the potash layer. Carnallite can typically be mapped using 3D seismic survey information.
                                  The potash deposit extends from east to west in the province and, based on information available
                                  to date, shows relative uniformity, except where there are anomalies due to local dissolutions of
                                  the potash beds or clay seams. The main types of anomalies are called washout, leach and
                                  collapse anomalies.
                        ..
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                     Page 18



                        1.3     Status of Exploration, Development and Operations
                                  The Jansen Project is a Greenfield underground potash mine currently in construction.
                                  Drilling and seismic surveys (2D and 3D) are the primary methods for potash exploration. The
                                  area was explored by various companies starting in the 1950s. Modern exploration started in
                                  2006 and was completed in 2012, with a drilling program and acquisition of 3D seismic surveys
                                  over 75 per cent of the Jansen lease completed.
                                  The capital invested in the Jansen Project by BHP includes funds allocated for construction of the
                                  shafts and associated infrastructure, as well as engineering and procurement activities, and
                                  preparation works related to underground infrastructure.
                                  A substantial portion of the site grading, drainage and road network that is expected to be required
                                  to commence mining/production is in place.




For personal use only
                                  The site is connected to off-site infrastructure, including natural gas, permanent electrical power,
                                  communication fiber and non-potable water.
                                  There have been several facilities installed to date for both permanent operations and temporary
                                  construction purposes that have been installed to date including:

                                          The Discovery Lodge camp (2,600 beds) for housing the construction workforce

                                          A water treatment plant and raw water well for provision of potable water

                                          A sanitary sewage treatment plant

                                          Service and Production headframes and ventilation plenums

                                          Permanent cold storage warehouse & laydown areas for material storage/staging

                                          Guard houses and site fencing

                                          Storm water ponds and effluent storage facilities

                                          Environmental monitoring equipment for ground water, air quality, noise and vibration
                                           levels

                                          230kV transformer station
                                  The construction period is expected to be six years and began in 2021. First product from Jansen
                                  mine is expected in 2026, with full production expected in 2029.

                        1.4     Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves Estimates
                                1.4.1      Mineral Resources
                                  The Jansen Project is located in the Saskatchewan Potash Basin, one of the world’s top three
                                  producing potash basins, with seven producing conventional mines and three producing solution
                                  mines. Based on the information available to date, the resource characteristics of Jansen are
                                  comparable to the other potash mines in the area: the resources include an extensive area of
                                  shallowly dipping, consistent, large tonnage, high grade, potash at a depth between
                                  approximately 800 metres and approximately 1,050 metres.
                        ..
                        SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                       Page 19


                                         The potash LPL sub-member from the top of the 406 clay seam to 3.96 metres below the top of
                                         the 406 clay seam is defined as the resource. The resource model generated from the drilling
                                         data and spatially dense 3D seismic data provides detailed information on the geological domains
                                         and on the qualities of the resource. Only Measured Resources have been converted to Probable
                                         Reserves.
                                         Due to the extensive data coverage of over 75 per cent of the Jansen lease, no further exploration
                                         from surface is planned to validate the reported Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves.
                                         The Mineral Resources are reported exclusive of the Mineral Reserves. Summary Mineral
                                         Resources estimates for Jansen at the end of the Fiscal Year Ended 30 June 2024 are provided
                                         in Table 1-1.
                                        Table 1-1: Jansen – Summary of Potash (Exclusive) Mineral Resources (as at 30th June 2024)




For personal use only
                                                   Measured Mineral                    Indicated Mineral                    Measured + Indicated               Inferred Mineral Resources
                                                   Resources                           Resources                            Mineral Resources
                                                   Tonnes           Qualities          Tonnes            Qualities          Tonnes         Qualities           Tonnes            Qualities


                            Potash1,2
                                                                      %Insol.   %MgO                       %Insol.   %MgO                     %Insol.   %MgO                        %Insol.   %MgO
                                                   Mt                                  Mt                                   Mt                                 Mt
                                                             %K2O                                 %K2O                                %K2O                                %K2O
                                        Mining
                                        method
                         Canada
                         Jansen,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10
                          LPL             UG            –   –         –         –           –     –         –        –           –     –       –        –      1,280     25.6      7.7        0.08
                         Total potash                   –   –         –         –           –     –         –        –           –     –       –        –      1,280     25.6      7.7        0.08

                        (1) Mineral resources are being reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
                             interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
                        (2) Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
                        (3) Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
                        (4) The point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
                        (5) Mineral resources estimate was based on a potash price of US$391/t (Real 2024 basis).
                        (6) Mineral resources are stated for the Lower Patient Lake (LPL) potash unit and using a seam thickness of 3.96 m from the top of 406 clay
                            seam.
                        (7) Mineral resources are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 88%.
                        (8) Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K2O). %K2O grade is equivalent to %KCl content using a
                            mineralogical conversion factor of 1.583.
                        (9) Mineral resources tonnages are reported on an in situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
                        (10) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                              reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based
                              upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to
                              change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
                              The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to “Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements” at the front
                              of this Technical Report Summary.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                         Page 20




                                  1.4.2 Mineral Reserves
                                    The Mineral Reserves outlined in Table 1-2 are based upon a Measured Resource noting the
                                    Mineral Resources are reported on an exclusive basis from the Mineral Reserve. The Mineral
                                    Reserves are acknowledged to be at a Probable level of confidence given the underground
                                    development to date is not sufficient to validate the modifying factors.
                                  Table 1-2: Jansen – Summary of Potash Mineral Reserves (as at 30th June 2024)
                                                            Proven Mineral Reserves                Probable Mineral Reserves           Total Mineral Reserves
                                                           Tonnes              Qualities           Tonnes           Qualities          Tonnes          Qualities



                                     Potash1                                      %Insol.   %MgO
                                                                                                                     %Insol.                              %Insol.
                                                                        %K2O
                                               Mining

                                                                                                                                %MgO                                %MgO
                                                           Mt                                      Mt                                  Mt
                                                                                                             %K2O                               %K2O
                                               Method

                                   Canada




For personal use only
                                   Jansen2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9
                                    LPL           UG            –      –          –         –      1,070    24.9    7.5        0.10    1,070    24.9     7.5        0.10
                                   Total potash                 –      –          –         –      1,070    24.9    7.5        0.10    1,070    24.9     7.5        0.10
                        (1) Mineral reserves are reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest. All
                             tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
                        (2) Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
                        (3) The point of reference for the mineral reserves was ore as delivered to the mill for processing.
                        (4) Mineral reserves estimate was based on a potash price of US$391/t (Real 2024 basis).
                        (5) Mineral reserves estimates cut-off is a function of mining parameters and seam thickness. The calculated cut-off grade from economic
                            modelling where the mine plan would be break-even is 8.1% K2O.
                        (6) Mineral reserves are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 88%.
                        (7) Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K2O). %K2O grade is equivalent to %KCl content using a
                            mineralogical conversion factor of 1.583.
                        (8) Mineral reserves tonnages are reported on an in situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
                        (9) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                            reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
                            Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
                            assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The
                            presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to “Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements” at the front of this
                            Technical Report Summary.




                        1.5       Mining Method
                                    The Jansen Mine is expected to be an underground potash mine extracting the LPL sub-member
                                    within the Prairie Evaporite Formation. The orebody gently undulates over large distances, has
                                    well defined boundary conditions, and has a reasonably consistent ore grade. Mining will take
                                    place on a single level in three separate districts.
                                    The planned mining method is long room and pillar. Production mining rooms are expected to be
                                    excavated in two passes to a final width of 12 metres using track-mounted borer miners and
                                    extendable conveying systems. Mined ore is expected to be transported to the shaft area for
                                    hoisting using a roof or floor mounted conveyor network.
                                    Pillars contribute to the mining room stability for safe working conditions and are derived from
                                    empirical and numerical models using expected geological conditions, depth, extraction ratio,
                                    extraction rates, and expected useful life of the entries. The mine has been designed with
                                    consideration of the expected geotechnical and hydrogeological conditions to manage the mining
                                    induced subsidence. Maintaining the integrity of the overlying shale, limestone and halite units
                                    act as a protective barrier from risk of brine inflow to the mine. The high density 3D seismic survey
                                    identifies the geological conditions that present an increased risk for fluid movement.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 21



                        1.6     Processing and Recovery Methods
                                  Unit operations that are expected to make up the Jansen processing facilities are common to
                                  conventional potash mines in Saskatchewan, and will include:

                                          Raw ore handling, storage, and crushing;

                                          Process mill building wet area comprising attrition scrubbing, desliming, flotation, and
                                           debrining;

                                          Process mill building dry area comprising drying, screening, compaction, and glazing;

                                          Tailings processing and reagents;

                                          Product handling, storage, screening, and loadout.
                                  The two Jansen processing plants are designed to be a fit-for-purpose high-recovery facility, each




For personal use only
                                  capable of processing 1,483 tonnes per hour wet basis (or 1,479 tph dry basis) of raw ore to
                                  produce red fertilizer grade potash (muriate of potash) sized for both standard and granular
                                  product types.

                        1.7     Infrastructure
                                  Discovery Lodge, the Jansen construction camp, has been constructed, is currently in use and
                                  has a capacity of 2,600 people. Communications, power, water, and natural gas are provided by
                                  provincial crown corporations. The pipeline connection to the Saskatoon South East Water Supply
                                  system for Jansen’s primary water use is complete. The natural gas supply pipeline has been
                                  installed and is in use at the on-site accommodation, sewage treatment plant, and concrete batch
                                  plant. The permanent 230 kV power supply has been constructed and commissioned.
                                  Upgrades to the secondary roads to the Jansen mine site from the paved provincial highway
                                  network have been completed.
                                  The Jansen project has two mine shafts, the service shaft and the production shaft. Both shafts
                                  have an internal diameter of 7.3 metres and are excavated to a depth of approximately 1,000
                                  metres. Both shafts are lined with an integral hydrostatic concrete/steel composite design with
                                  waterproofing is provided by an outer welded liner from a depth of 835 metres.
                                  The hoisting systems will use ground mounted Koepe hoists (friction hoists) hosted in a typical A-
                                  Frame steel construction headframe. The service shaft permanent headframe, hoist houses, and
                                  collar house are constructed. The production shaft sinking headframe and ground mounted drum
                                  winders are installed and in use.
                                  A tailings management area will store the mine waste produced and hosted separate course and
                                  fine tailings areas. Waste process water will be disposed through a disposal well network into the
                                  Deadwood Formation.
                                  A third-party rail provider will transport the potash produced from the Jansen site to the port
                                  terminal, located in Delta, British Columbia, Canada, which is owned and operated by a third-
                                  party provider. The port facility will unload the railcars, store the product, and load shipping
                                  vessels.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 22



                        1.8     Market Studies
                                  Potassium content is commonly measured in units of potassium oxide (K2O), (a notional
                                  substance), rather than units of K. MOP used in agricultural application is typically ~95 % KCl,
                                  which is equivalent to ~60 % K2O; this is in general the threshold required to qualify product in
                                  most major agricultural markets. Jansen plans to sell two agricultural potash grades, red standard
                                  (~60 % K2O equivalent, ~0.5 to 1 millimetre in size) and red granular (~60 % K2O equivalent, ~3
                                  to 4 millimetres in size) potash, to retain simplicity while seeking sufficient market access.
                                  Global demand for potash fertilizers is driven by the need for higher crop production to feed a
                                  growing and more affluent, global population. It is also driven by the need to reduce reliance on
                                  native soil potassium, which in many places may be unable to support the necessary increase in
                                  crop yields. Historically, the relationship between population growth, crop production and potash
                                  demand has been reliable and therefore considered to provide a reasonable basis for projecting




For personal use only
                                  future fertiliser needs.
                                  According to independent market analyst CRU, it estimates that about three-quarters of MOP
                                  production comes from underground ores – mainly located in Canada, Russia and Belarus. It is
                                  simple and established technology, low-cost and energy efficient. Much of the remainder is
                                  extracted from natural brines in China and the Dead Sea. Ore is most commonly processed
                                  through flotation that yields a product that is pink or red and usually about 95 per cent pure.
                                  Jansen is designed to employ conventional underground mining and flotation.
                                  Most potash operations produce between 1 and 4 Mtpa. Most of the potash mines in Canada date
                                  back to a period of rapid development in the 1960s and 1970s, while much of the capacity in
                                  Russia and Belarus was built in the Soviet era. The potash industry structure is presently
                                  characterized by a small number of large suppliers. In terms of supply concentration, four
                                  producers (Nutrien, Mosaic, Uralkali and Belaruskali) are estimated to have accounted for ~65
                                  per cent of global production in 2020.
                                  It is expected that BHP will market directly to customers via a network of regional offices,
                                  leveraging BHP’s existing global footprint and capabilities.
                                  BHP is expected to focus on upstream Cost and Freight (CFR) sales and may benefit from being
                                  able to direct-rail to North American customers. Jansen is expected to have logistics optionality
                                  and flexible granular processing capacity that may enable a shift of sales between export regions
                                  and North America, depending on the market.
                                  Memorandums of understanding have been developed noting no sales contracts have been
                                  established.

                        1.9     Capital and Operating Cost Estimates
                                  The Capital Cost Estimate (Capex) and Operating Cost Estimate (OPEX) were developed by BHP
                                  Canada, its consultants and engineering service providers using processes to quantify, cost, and
                                  price the resource estimates that is included within the Jansen project scope.
                                  The Jansen project scope includes a lined service and production shaft mining equipment,
                                  underground development, and infrastructure necessary to support operations. The service shaft
                                  is expected to be capable of hoisting 1,750 tph, and the production shaft is expected to be capable
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 23



                                  of hoisting 2,200 tph to 2,700 tph. Two 1,483 tph processing plants and non-processing
                                  infrastructure, including a tailings management area.
                                  The capital costs for the Jansen project are aligned with the mine gate pricing and therefore
                                  exclude off-site rail and port. A total installed cost was estimated to be Real US$9.0 billion and
                                  inclusive of up to but not exceeding 15 per cent contingency, and an accuracy range of +/-25 per
                                  cent.
                                  The OPEX for the Jansen project was developed to capture costs defined as mine gate. This
                                  includes all costs spanning from the mining face underground to the loading of product to rail at
                                  site.
                                  The Operating Cost Estimate includes all personnel and activities within the battery limits of the
                                  scope, and includes operational and statutory management, administration, and support
                                  personnel associated with the operation.




For personal use only
                                  The average operating cost over the life of Jansen project is estimated to be US$90/tonne KCI.
                                  Cash operating cost includes a mixture of fixed costs, variable costs, and sustaining capital and
                                  are aligned with an assumed mine gate sales point therefore exclude Port and off-site Rail cost.

                        1.10 Economic Analysis
                                  The analysis that supports the Jansen Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve economic viability
                                  testing is an excel model based on annual cash flow projections. Annual cash flows projections
                                  include sales revenue (sales point FOB Mine), operating and closure costs, capital expenditures,
                                  royalties, income and production taxes.
                                  The Jansen annual cash flow projections, utilizing the assumptions detailed within this report,
                                  result in a discounted after-tax cash flow of US$11.2B and an IRR of 18.3 per cent utilizing a 7.0
                                  per cent discount rate. The Jansen project remains economically viable under a range of
                                  scenarios including deviations in price, production, foreign exchange rates, capital expenditures
                                  and operating costs.

                        1.11 Permitting Requirements
                                  The Jansen Project Environmental Impact Statement (EIS), which BHP Canada submitted to the
                                  Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment in 2010, received Ministerial Approval on 29 June 2011.
                                  Since the EIS approval, further engineering and project optimization was completed that resulted
                                  in changes to the mine plan, site layout, and schedule. To maintain Ministerial Approval, two
                                  submissions were made in November 2017 to the MOE Environment Assessment and
                                  Stewardship Branch under Section 16 of The Environmental Assessment Act. Approval was
                                  received for both submissions on 19 April 2018. To address a potential increase in production
                                  rate, the Project Optimization and EIS Review Summary was submitted and approved on 19 July
                                  2023.
                                  Following the Approval of the EIS, Jansen required federal, provincial and municipal permits and
                                  approval for construction and operation. Jansen maintains an electronic permit register that lists
                                  all permits for the Project. BHP Canada has received all permits that have been applied for to-
                                  date and expects to be able to obtain the required construction and operation permits for Jansen.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 24



                                  BHP Canada has a terminal services and development agreement in place with Westshore for
                                  development and shipping services. The Vancouver Fraser Port Authority Project Environmental
                                  Review Permit #20-209 and the water discharge permit amendment (BC Ministry of Environment
                                  and Climate Change Strategy Permit 6819) have been issued. The Metro Vancouver air quality
                                  management permit GVA0153 has not been issued.

                        1.12 Qualified person’s conclusions and recommendations
                                  It is the opinion of the Qualified Person, based on the available data, the known limitations of the
                                  data, interpretations, and methodologies, the Jansen Mineral Resource estimate is considered fit
                                  for purpose in supporting and forming the basis of the Mineral Reserves estimate.
                                  No recommendations for further exploration have been identified during project execution and
                                  later in operations, geological mapping, interpretation and sampling programs implemented as




For personal use only
                                  part of the reconciliation process are expected to be sufficient to address the identified Mineral
                                  Resource uncertainties.
                                  Uncertainties that affect the reliability or confidence in the Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve
                                  estimate include but are not limited to:

                                          Future macro-economic environment, including product prices and foreign exchange rate

                                          Changes to operating cost assumptions, including labour costs

                                          Ability to continue sourcing water from the Saskatoon South East Water Supply

                                          Changes to mining, hydrogeological, geotechnical parameters and assumptions reflected
                                           in mining recovery

                                          Ability to maintain environmental and social license to operate

                                          Integrity of the shaft liner beyond the design life of 70 to 80 years.
                                  Confidence in the Mineral Reserve is reflected in the applied reserve classifications in accordance
                                  with the US SEC S-K 1300 with factors influencing classification including but not limited to mining
                                  methods, processing methods, economic assessment and other life of asset and closure
                                  assessments.
                                  In the opinion of the Qualified Person the confidence in the modifying factors is reasonably
                                  translated to the Probable Mineral Reserves characterisation and their derivation from Measured
                                  Resource estimates.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 25



                        2       Introduction

                        2.1     Registrant for Whom the Technical Report Summary was Prepared
                                  This Technical Report Summary was prepared in accordance with the US Securities and
                                  Exchange Commission (US SEC) S-K regulations (Title 17, Part 229, Items 601 and 1300 through
                                  1305) for BHP Group Limited (BHP) to support its declaration of Potash Mineral Resources and
                                  Mineral Reserves on its Jansen Potash Project (Jansen) for the fiscal year ended on 30 June
                                  2024.

                        2.2     Terms of Reference and Purpose of the Report
                                  This report covers Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves and is issued in support of the BHP
                                  Canada Jansen Potash Project declaration. This document describes the combined Stage 1 and




For personal use only
                                  Stage 2 development at Jansen, noting all future stage production expansion as beyond the scope
                                  of the document.
                                  This Technical Report Summary was prepared to support the disclosure of Mineral Resources
                                  and Mineral Reserves for the fiscal year ended on 30 June 2024 in compliance with the US SEC
                                  S-K regulations (which came into effect on 1 January 2021). This report does not include any
                                  exploration results that are not part of Jansen’s Mineral Resources or Mineral Reserves.

                        2.3     Sources of Information
                                  This report is based on internal technical reports, studies, and field programs, published
                                  government reports, published government and historical data, and public information as cited
                                  throughout this report and listed in the Section 24, available at the time of writing this TRS.
                                  Unless otherwise stated, all figures and images were prepared by BHP Canada. Units of
                                  measurement referenced in this report are based on local convention in use at the property and
                                  currency is expressed in US dollars.
                                  Reliance upon information provided by the registrant is listed in Section 25 when applicable.

                        2.4     Details of Inspection
                                  BHP has relied on the Qualified Persons listed in Table 2-1 to prepare the information and this
                                  report supporting its disclosure of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves at a Preliminary
                                  Feasibility Study-level. All Qualified Persons, except one, are full time employees of BHP, with
                                  the chapters and sections noted for which each Qualified Person is responsible for.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                          Page 26


                                  Table 2-1: List of Qualified Persons
                                                                                          Professional
                                                   Relation to                            Organization   Years of
                                                                                                                    Responsible for
                                   QP Name         Registrant and    Qualification        and            Relevant
                                                                                                                    disclosure of
                                                   their Role                             Membership     Experience
                                                                                          level
                                                                                                                    Mineral Tenure &
                                                   Full-time                                                        Mineral Resources –
                                   Balazs          Employee /                                                       Section 1, 2, 3, 7
                                                                     PhD Geophysics       MAusIMM        22
                                   Nemeth          Principal                                                        (excluding 7.3, 7.4), 11,
                                                   Geophysicist                                                     13.2.2, 20, 22.1, 24

                                                   Full-time         B.Eng. Geological                              Mineral Resources –
                                   Ozen            Employee /        Engineering                                    Section 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8,
                                                                                          APEGS          23
                                   Turkekul        Principal         M.A.Sc. Economic                               9, 21, 22.1, 24
                                                   Geologist         Geology
                                                                                                                    Mineral Reserves –
                                                                                                                    Section 1, 2, 12, 13




For personal use only
                                                   Full-time                                                        (excluding 13.2.1,
                                                   Employee /        Bachelor of                                    13.2.2), 15 (excluding
                                   Johannes
                                                   Manager           Science in Mining    MAusIMM        20         15.6, 15.9), 16, 17.4-
                                   Sondergaard
                                                   Resource          Engineering                                    17.7, 19, 22.2, 23, 24,
                                                   Engineering                                                      25
                                                                                                                    Capital Costs – Section
                                                                                                                    1, 2, 18.2
                                                   Full-time
                                   Cameron         Employee /        BEng Metallurgical                             Metallurgy, Processing
                                                                                          APEGS          28
                                   McKinnon        Manager Process   Engineering                                    – Section 1, 2, 10, 14
                                                   Engineering
                                                   Full-time         M Sc A. Applied
                                                   Employee /        Sciences – Mineral                             Mineral Reserves,
                                   Jairo Gomez     Principal         Resources            APEGS          35         Geotechnical – Section
                                                   Geotechnical      Engineering – Rock                             1, 2, 7.4, 13.2.1
                                                   Engineer          Mechanics,
                                                   Full-time         Bachelor of
                                   Graham                                                                           Operating Costs –
                                                   Employee / Head   Science in           MAusIMM        30
                                   Reynolds                                                                         Section 1, 2, 18.1
                                                   of Production     Engineering
                                                                                                                    Environmental studies,
                                                   Full-time
                                                                                                                    Permitting – Section 1,
                                   Melanie         Employee /        Bachelor of
                                                                                          ASPB           23         2, 17 introduction ,
                                   Failler         Principal         Science
                                                                                                                    17.1, 17.2 (excluding
                                                   Environment
                                                                                                                    17.2.1, 17.2.2.), 17.3
                                                   Full-time
                                                                     Bachelor of                                    Tailings disposal –
                                   Jessica         Employee /
                                                                     Science in           APEGS          10         Section 15.6, 17.2.1
                                   Perras          Tailings &
                                                                     Geosciences                                    17.2.2
                                                   Closure Planner

                                  Table 2-2 summarizes the details of the personal inspections on the property by each qualified
                                  person or, if applicable, the reason why a personal inspection has not been completed.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                       Page 27


                                  Table 2-2: Qualified Persons Site Visits
                                   QP Name                      Details of Inspection
                                   Johannes Sondergaard         Focus on the early construction associated with the shafts and headframes, mill
                                                                construction, temporary and permanent utilities, tailings management area, and
                                                                offsite road infrastructure. (2024)
                                   Cameron McKinnon             Many visits over 9 years for site familiarization and collaboration with site
                                                                execution teams. Has also been involved with water treatment, freeze plant, and
                                                                sewage treatment plant operations.
                                   Graham Reynolds              Regular monthly visits since 2022 supporting the site as the General Manager
                                                                for Operation Readiness.
                                   Ozen Turkekul                Multiple underground visits especially around the potash zone during shaft
                                                                sinking and station cutting for geological characterization and sampling in 2018.
                                   Melanie Failler              Frequent site visits since January 2019, including environmental field programs
                                                                and supporting external inspections and audits.
                                   Jairo Gomez                  Regular quarterly site visits and following up on reports from resident Geotech
                                                                and Geology professionals.




For personal use only
                                   Balazs Nemeth                Exploration drilling and seismic during the period of 2008 to 2010.
                                   Jessica Perras               Completed various field investigation starting in 2012 supporting study work.
                                                                Frequent visits since 2019 supporting field programs, audits and inspections.
                                                                Monthly site visits since July 2023 for tailings facility observation and
                                                                inspections.



                        2.5     Report Version Update
                                  The Technical Report Summary for the Jansen Potash Project was first filed as an exhibit to
                                  BHP’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 30 June 2022, effective 30 June 2022,
                                  as supplemented in an exhibit to BHP’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 30
                                  June 2023. This Technical Report Summary is an update of the previously filed Technical
                                  Report Summary.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 28



                        3       Property Description

                        3.1     Property Location
                                  The Jansen Potash Project is located in the Rural Municipalities of Leroy and Prairie Rose in
                                  Central Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 150 kilometres east of the city of Saskatoon. The
                                  Legal Land Description of the Shafts and future surface plant is Section 12 Township 34 Range
                                  20 West of 2nd Meridian. The project is easily accessible by public highways. The general location
                                  is shown on the map in Figure 3-1.
                                  The Jansen Mine service shaft location details are found in Table 3-1.



                                Table 3-1: Jansen Service Shaft Coordinates




For personal use only
                                                                Co-ordinates
                                   Longitude                    104°42’53.44”W
                                   Latitude                     51°53’56.62”N
                                   Collar Elevation             544 metres above sea level
                                   Northing                     5,749,850
                                   Easting                      519,620
                                   Projection                   UTM
                                   Datum                        NAD83
                                   Zone                         13
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 29




For personal use only




                                Figure 3-1: Location Map of Jansen

                        3.2     Mineral Tenure
                                  The total area of the Jansen Project lease is approximately 1,156 square kilometres. Most mineral
                                  rights parcels are owned by the Saskatchewan Crown, the remaining mineral parcels are owned
                                  by individuals and/or corporations (Figure 3-2). The annual mineral lease rental payments
                                  payable to the Government of Saskatchewan and private individuals or corporations are listed in
                                  Table 3-2.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 30


                                  Table 3-2: Jansen Main Lease Areas and associated payments


                                   Lease Number                 Lease Holder      Expiration Date   Area (Ha)    Annual
                                                                                                                 Rental
                                                                                                                 Payment CA$
                                   KLSA 011                     BHP Canada Inc.   22/11/2033        105,662.36   1,056,623.66
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000649     BHP Canada Inc.   15/08/2033        129.69       640.94
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000366     BHP Canada Inc.   07/11/2033        63.94        316
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000512     BHP Canada Inc.   13/06/2033        97.88        483.7
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000556     BHP Canada Inc.   23/07/2033        129.36       639.3
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000703     BHP Canada Inc.   05/11/2033        128.89       636.96
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000557     BHP Canada Inc.   23/07/2033        129.74       641.16
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000686     BHP Canada Inc.   07/05/2033        64.67        319.58
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000603     BHP Canada Inc.   24/09/2030        56.66        280
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000606     BHP Canada Inc.   24/09/2030        56.66        280
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000516     BHP Canada Inc.   03/06/2033        16.09        79.52




For personal use only
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000665     BHP Canada Inc.   27/02/2034        0.40         2
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000518     BHP Canada Inc.   30/04/2033        16.18        79.96
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000491     BHP Canada Inc.   30/04/2033        16.18        79.96
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000502     BHP Canada Inc.   27/05/2033        64.67        319.58
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000662     BHP Canada Inc.   13/02/2034        60.76        300.3
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000673     BHP Canada Inc.   04/04/2033        2714.80      13416.56
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000195     BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000196     BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000191     BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000192     BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000193     BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000194     BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000525     BHP Canada Inc.   25/07/2033        64.81        320.3
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000504     BHP Canada Inc.   14/06/2033        64.94        320.92
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000680     BHP Canada Inc.   13/03/2035        258.18       1275.94
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000593     BHP Canada Inc.   20/11/2033        12.72        62.88
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000363     BHP Canada Inc.   23/04/2033        10.84        53.58
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000604     BHP Canada Inc.   30/05/2031        64.75        320
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000561     BHP Canada Inc.   24/09/2033        63.81        315.34
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000501     BHP Canada Inc.   15/06/2033        193.61       956.84
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000608     BHP Canada Inc.   14/10/2033        64.84        320.44
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000492     BHP Canada Inc.   19/04/2033        10.84        53.58
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000514     BHP Canada Inc.   05/04/2033        64.41        318.32
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000655     BHP Canada Inc.   16/04/2033        31.95        157.88
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000520     BHP Canada Inc.   15/06/2033        130.00       642.44
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000759     BHP Canada Inc.   16/01/2034        32.44        160.32
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000650     BHP Canada Inc.   05/01/2034        0.40         2
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000656     BHP Canada Inc.   03/01/2034        0.40         2
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000653     BHP Canada Inc.   05/01/2034        0.40         2
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000847     BHP Canada Inc.   20/06/2034        63.19        312.28
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000651     BHP Canada Inc.   12/12/2033        16.09        79.52
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000503     BHP Canada Inc.   03/06/2033        16.09        79.52
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000370     BHP Canada Inc.   23/05/2033        64.72        319.86
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000559     BHP Canada Inc.   23/04/2033        129.75       641.24
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000449     BHP Canada Inc.   05/03/2033        129.74       641.16
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000685     BHP Canada Inc.   09/04/2035        60.59        299.44
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000447     BHP Canada Inc.   03/05/2033        126.96       627.46
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000657     BHP Canada Inc.   28/03/2033        65.11        321.76
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000508     BHP Canada Inc.   23/07/2033        64.88        320.64
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000658     BHP Canada Inc.   12/12/2033        12.72        62.88
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000506     BHP Canada Inc.   01/05/2033        65.03        321.36
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000497     BHP Canada Inc.   30/04/2033        32.48        160.5
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000496     BHP Canada Inc.   17/02/2033        63.86        315.6
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000740     BHP Canada Inc.   19/03/2033        159.86       790.04
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000605     BHP Canada Inc.   16/09/2031        11.53        57
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                    Page 31


                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000777     BHP Canada Inc.   06/08/2033   16.22    80.14
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000535     BHP Canada Inc.   19/07/2033   48.67    240.52
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000616     BHP Canada Inc.   19/08/2033   16.22    80.14
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000494     BHP Canada Inc.   18/03/2033   63.82    315.42
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000513     BHP Canada Inc.   19/03/2033   0.84     4.14
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000737     BHP Canada Inc.   06/11/2035   0.57     2.8
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000711     BHP Canada Inc.   03/04/2034   128.78   636.44
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000510     BHP Canada Inc.   26/03/2033   32.46    160.44
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000742     BHP Canada Inc.   19/04/2033   32.46    160.4
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000536     BHP Canada Inc.   22/07/2033   16.09    79.52
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000601     BHP Canada Inc.   13/05/2031   32.38    160
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000602     BHP Canada Inc.   13/05/2031   32.38    160
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000652     BHP Canada Inc.   17/12/2033   12.72    62.88
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000668     BHP Canada Inc.   24/03/2034   32.46    160.4
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000738     BHP Canada Inc.   21/02/2034   12.72    62.88
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000715     BHP Canada Inc.   12/12/2033   12.72    62.88
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000564     BHP Canada Inc.   15/04/2033   64.58    319.16




For personal use only
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000365     BHP Canada Inc.   15/04/2033   32.28    159.54
                                   DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000666     BHP Canada Inc.   27/02/2034   0.40     2
                                   POT-Jansen-ML-000848         BHP Canada Inc.   17/05/2033   65.05    321.46
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 32




For personal use only




                                  Figure 3-2: Lease Areas of Jansen

                        3.3     Mineral Rights Description
                                  On 23 November 2012, the Government of Saskatchewan and BHP Canada entered into Potash
                                  Lease Special Agreement KLSA 011. This agreement gives BHP Canada the exclusive right to
                                  search for, dig, work, mine, extract, recover, process, and carry away subsurface minerals under
                                  or within all of the Saskatchewan Crown mineral parcels of KLSA 011. The lease pertains to two
                                  categories of lands, shown in Figure 3-2 and consisting of:
                                      1. ‘KLSA 011 Core Lands’ comprising primarily the Mineral Reserves
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 33



                                      2. ‘KLSA 011 Expansion Lands’, and additional area outside Mineral Reserves that includes
                                         the primarily Inferred Resource.

                                  To gain access to the potash within mineral parcels owned by individuals and/or corporations
                                  (‘freehold mineral lease’), BHP must either purchase the mineral parcels or negotiate mineral
                                  lease agreement(s) with the registered owner(s) of the mineral parcel(s). The freehold mineral
                                  leases secured by BHP Canada have a term of twenty-one years and are renewable at the option
                                  of BHP for successive terms of twenty-one years each. An annual rental payment of
                                  CA$4.94/hectare (CA$2/acre) is also paid to keep these leases in good standing.
                                  During the first three years of the KLSA 011 lease, BHP Canada was required to complete
                                  CA$12M of work on the lease area. This work commitment has been met using excess exploration
                                  work credits completed on the exploration permits prior to the Jansen exploration permits
                                  conversion to KLSA 011.




For personal use only
                                  All surface lands that form part of the Jansen mine operations footprint have been acquired by
                                  BHP Canada. The total surface area acquired by BHP Canada is shown in Figure 3-2.
                                Table 3-3: Summary of Jansen land position
                                                                           Jansen Mineral Rights details
                                                                                Area               Area
                                                                                                             Area km2          %
                                                                              Hectares            Acres
                                  Jansen project total lease area              115638             285747      1156.38          100
                                  KLSA 011 Core lands                         63939.43          157997.78     639.39           55
                                  KLSA 011 Expansion lands                    41724.73          103104.06     417.25           36
                                  BHP Canada acquired freehold mineral
                                                                               8997.56          22233.45       89.98            8
                                  rights
                                  Total of Core, Expansion, and acquired
                                                                             114661.72         283335.29      1146.62          99
                                  freehold mineral rights


                        3.4     Encumbrances
                                  There have been no significant encumbrances to the property identified as of the date of this
                                  report. Federal, provincial and municipal permits and approval for construction and operation
                                  have been received. All material permits that have been applied for to-date have been received.
                                  Based on the Life of Asset (LoA) Plan additional permits and approvals will become necessary.
                                  The Qualified Person believe that Jansen will reasonably be able to obtain the required
                                  construction and operation permits for the Project based on the LoA Plan.

                        3.5     Other Significant Factors and Risks
                                  It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that based on the available information and current
                                  regulations there are no significant risks to the mineral tenure that would affect access or mineral
                                  title and the ability of BHP to work on the property.

                        3.6     Royalties or Similar Interest
                                  A Provincial Potash Crown Royalty is payable under The Subsurface Mineral Royalty
                                  Regulations, 2017. Royalties are based on the value of potash produced from Crown mineral
                                  lands. The royalty rate is 3 per cent, and the value is determined as the average price realized by
                                  the producer in the year, as governed by revenues and sales under The Saskatchewan Potash
                                  Production Tax Regulations.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 34



                        4       Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources, Infrastructure, and
                                Physiography

                        4.1     Topography, Elevation, and Vegetation
                                  The topography of the Jansen site is generally flat with elevations that range between 540 metres
                                  and 545 metres. The site slopes 0.3 per cent from northwest to southeast. The site is composed
                                  of agricultural fields, with patches of trees and small wetlands. Non-contact runoff water collects
                                  in a wetland area to the east of the site, then drains to Hatke Lake approximately 10 kilometres
                                  northeast of the site. Jansen Lake and Lanigan Creek are located northwest of the Hatke Lake
                                  drainage basin.

                        4.2     Means of Access




For personal use only
                                  The site is accessed by road from provincial Highway 16 approximately 12 kilometres to the south
                                  and Highway 5 approximately 32 kilometres to the north. Access to the site from these highways
                                  will use upgraded secondary and/or primary roads from the village of Jansen to the south and the
                                  town of LeRoy to the north. Railway access is expected to be available from both national rail
                                  networks and will be from a spur line from the south (Figure 3-2) and be subject to future
                                  applications and agreements.

                        4.3     Climate and Length of Operating Season
                                  The Jansen area experiences a climate which is typical of the Canadian prairies: a humid
                                  continental climate (Köppen climate classification – Dfb) featuring long, cold winters and brief,
                                  warm summers. High temperatures range from 15°C in May to the mid-30s°C in July and August
                                  with moderate precipitation. Winter normally begins in November and temperatures generally
                                  remain below the freezing point. In cold snaps temperatures may drop as low as -40s°C. Mild
                                  spring weather usually begins by April. Annual precipitation averages 30 to 45 centimetres.
                                  Operations can continue throughout the year.

                        4.4     Infrastructure and Availability
                                  On-site infrastructure is expected to include power distribution, raw water storage and distribution,
                                  potable water treatment, fire water distribution, diesel fuel storage and distribution, natural gas
                                  distribution, ancillary buildings and facilities, Tailings Management Area (TMA), sewage system,
                                  waste collection, site drainage, on-site roads, on-site rail, communications and technology
                                  infrastructure, the process control system, and the temporary construction facilities. On-site
                                  utilities are expected to be distributed in a combination of pre-cast trenches, direct buried cables,
                                  and buried pipes for water, sanitary effluent, and natural gas. Diesel fuel is expected to be
                                  delivered to site and stored in a contained area. Fuel for the mining equipment is expected to be
                                  delivered underground by totes using the service shaft.
                                  Operations facilities are expected to consist of the administration building (containing the mill and
                                  mine dry, offices, training, and security), warehousing, maintenance workshop, vehicle
                                  maintenance facility, emergency response facility, mill support facility, laboratory, compressor
                                  building, rail support facility and main water pump house.
                                  Off-site infrastructure for the Jansen Project is executed through contractual agreements with
                                  third parties using defined battery limits on the project site. Off-site utilities are provided by the
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 35



                                  Crown corporations of the Province of Saskatchewan (i.e., SaskPower, TransGas and
                                  SaskEnergy, SaskWater, and SaskTel). All public roads in Saskatchewan are owned by the
                                  Crown in right of Saskatchewan. Rural municipalities have authority to direct, control, and manage
                                  the roads within their municipality.

                        4.5     Water
                                  The raw water system consists of the incoming water supply line from SaskWater and
                                  groundwater sourced from the existing Raw Water Well 1 (RWW 1). Primary water supply will be
                                  surface water from the Saskatoon South East Water Supply (SSEWS) system delivered by
                                  pipeline from the Zelma Reservoir to the site by SaskWater. Based on available information, the
                                  capacity of the water supply pipeline is expected to be 7M m3/y for the Jansen project. The
                                  SaskWater line has a capacity of 9.2M m3/y and supplies other consumers besides the Jansen
                                  Project. Back-up non-process water supply will be sourced from the Empress Group Aquifer




For personal use only
                                  through the constructed on-site RWW 1.

                        4.6     Electricity
                                  Permanent power is contracted to be supplied by SaskPower using 230 kV overhead lines
                                  terminating at the 230 kV main plant substation dead-end structure (the point of common
                                  coupling). The permanent 230 kV power supply has been constructed and commissioned to the
                                  Jansen site.

                        4.7     Personnel
                                  Employees of Jansen mine are anticipated to reside in several existing communities located in
                                  the area. The potash mining industry has a long history of providing employment in the province
                                  and communities within driving distance of the site are in the process of preparing for the growth
                                  brought on by investment decisions to further develop Jansen.

                        4.8     Supplies
                                  The Jansen project is connected to a primary weight, asphalt surface network of highways and
                                  has year-round access for trucking of materials to/from the site. On-site warehousing will be
                                  provided to manage inventory requirements of the operating mine. In addition to road access
                                  there will be connections to both of the major rail providers in Canada.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                           Page 36



                        5        History

                        5.1      Previous Operations
                                  The Saskatchewan potash basin has a long history of exploration and mining operations since
                                  the 1950s. BHP will be the first mining operation owner at the Jansen location.

                        5.2      Exploration and Development by Previous Owners or Operators
                                  The Potash Company of America initiated potash exploration work in the Jansen area in 1952.
                                  Alwinsal Potash of Canada followed this with further work in 1959. Kerr-McGee Oil Industries Inc.
                                  carried out the main historical exploration phase between September 1962 and October 1965.
                                  The period 1965 to 2005 saw no further significant exploration activities for potash in the Jansen
                                  area. In 2005, Anglo Minerals Ltd., a small junior company registered an extensive land package




For personal use only
                                  of potash exploration permits surrounding the producing Potash mines in the Saskatoon area,
                                  which included the Jansen project area.
                                  In September 2005, Anglo Minerals Ltd. published a Canadian National Instrument (NI 43-101)
                                  report based on historical drilling, which included a resource estimate for exploration permit
                                  KP286 only, (Halabura et al. 2005). A small 3D seismic survey was completed from October 2005
                                  to March 2006 for the part of Jansen area. An additional NI 43-101 report, which included the
                                  results of the 3D seismic and covered KP285, KP286, and KP290, was issued in November 2006
                                  (Halabura and Gebhardt, 2006).
                                  Kerr-McGee Oil Industries Inc. drilled all the historical holes on the Jansen Project, except for two
                                  (07-01 and 07-06), during the period from September 1962 to October 1965. The earliest two
                                  holes were drilled by the Potash Company of America Limited in December 1952 (07-01) and
                                  Alwinsal Potash of Canada Limited in June 1959 (07-06). Table 5-1 shows the full list of historical
                                  holes.
                                 Table 5-1: Summary of exploration drilling by previous owners
                         BHP      CWI            DRILL                                      Easting    Northing    KB          TOTAL     HOLE
                         ID                      HOLE           Owner                       (m)        (m)         elevation   DEPTH     DIP
                                                 TYPE                                                              (m)         (m)
                                                 Historic       Potash Company of
                         07-01    SK0001200                                                 504598.4   5739717.0      539      996.7     Vertical
                                                 exploration    America Ltd.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         07-02    SK0011162                                                 506560.6   5744544.0      538      993.6     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         07-03    SK0011129                                                 502979.1   5746198.5      542      1002.8    Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         07-04    SK0009464                                                 506262.8   5747138.5      537      973.8     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         07-05    SK0011265                                                 506225.2   5749925.5      544      982.7     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Alwinsal Potash of Canada
                         07-06    SK0007349                                                 502991.2   5756045.5      551      1033.6    Vertical
                                                 exploration    Ltd.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-01    SK0011401                                                 520908.5   5749484.5      544      964.7     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-03    SK0012931                                                 523917.4   5754314.5      541      938.5     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-04    SK0011508                                                 520847.4   5754837.0      540      935.7     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-05    SK0004216                                                 520626.1   5732004.0      529      1025      Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                           Page 37


                         BHP      CWI            DRILL                                      Easting    Northing    KB          TOTAL     HOLE
                         ID                      HOLE           Owner                       (m)        (m)         elevation   DEPTH     DIP
                                                 TYPE                                                              (m)         (m)
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-08    SK0009433                                                 514190.5   5743747.5      550      990       Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-09    SK0011403                                                 517441.4   5743801.0      544      990.6     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-10    SK0011482                                                 519061.4   5745531.0      544      977.8     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-11    SK0011267                                                 519060.1   5747989.5      546      978.1     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-12    SK0011383                                                 515813.7   5747978.0      547      978.4     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-13    SK0011128                                                 520687.2   5751039.0      541      957.4     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-14    SK0011358                                                 517609.3   5751220.0      547      960.7     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries




For personal use only
                         08-15    SK0011376                                                 514644.0   5751209.5      544      981.5     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-16    SK0011483                                                 515795.3   5754604.0      546      947.9     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-17    SK0011268                                                 519360.3   5759215.0      544      935.7     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-18    SK0010280                                                 510902.5   5751009.0      542      957.4     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         08-19    SK0011164                                                 510928.9   5747022.0      549      991.2     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         09-08    SK0005768                                                 516047.1   5724592.0      533      1158.2    Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         09-14    SK0016476                                                 504306.9   5727442.5      544      1217.7    Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         11-03    SK0011269                                                 525569.7   5744790.0      536      951.9     Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.
                                                 Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
                         11-04    SK0016602                                                 523465.3   5763933.0      543      1068.3    Vertical
                                                 exploration    Inc.



                                  Details of Kerr-McGee’s drilling program are limited to available drilling reports filed with the
                                  Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and Resources (SER). The holes were completed with either a
                                  T-22, Ideco 25 or Stratmaster 90 drilling rig.
                                  A descriptive lithologic log of the cuttings and core is still available to view for these drill holes.
                                  Analytical samples were cut from the core of the Patience Lake (UPL and LPL) and Belle Plaine
                                  members. The split core samples were wrapped in double acetate bags and shipped to the Kerr-
                                  McGee research laboratory for analysis. In keeping with Saskatchewan government regulations,
                                  the cuttings, core and the other half of sample splits were delivered to the Subsurface Laboratory
                                  in Regina.
                                  Drilling reports, which are available at the Saskatchewan government website, indicate that the
                                  quality and consistency of the work is very good, and the core recovery is indicated to be 100 per
                                  cent in the mineralized zone.
                                  All geochemical analysis from all the Kerr-McGee drill holes, except the first three holes drilled
                                  prior to 1964, appears to have been completed at the same research laboratory, using the same
                                  analysis suite for every hole. For the initial three Kerr-McGee holes (i.e., 08-08, 07-04, 08-18),
                                  the analysis is restricted to K2O% and insolubles%.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 38



                        6       Geological Setting, Mineralization, and Deposit

                        6.1     Regional Geology
                                  The Phanerozoic sedimentary wedge covers much of western Canada (Figure 6-1). It thickens
                                  southwest from the exposed Canadian Shield to a preserved thickness of over six kilometres to
                                  the west and over three kilometres to the south. This sediment cover is divided into several
                                  intracratonic basins, including the Liard Basin, Alberta Basin, and Williston basin. The Canadian
                                  segment of this sediment cover is also known as the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin
                                  (WCSB).




For personal use only




                                Figure 6-1: Regional Geology Map – Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (Geological Map of
                                            Canada – Geological Survey of Canada).

                        6.2     Local Geology
                                  During the Middle Devonian period, the Alberta Basin and the Williston Basin formed one larger
                                  unit, the Elk Point Basin, which was connected to the ocean in the northwest (Figure 6-1). Later,
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 39



                                  basin restrictions began to increase its salinity and induced the deposition of the Prairie Evaporite
                                  (PE) which hosts the potash bearing members. Middle Devonian cyclic deposition continued with
                                  Manitoba Group and Saskatchewan Group after the Elk Point Group sediments.
                                  The Jansen potash deposit is located within the Williston Basin, a large, intracratonic, structurally
                                  simple, and horizontally bedded sedimentary basin. The Williston Basin extends from southern
                                  Saskatchewan, Canada into the northern states of the United States of America. Figure 6-2 shows
                                  the extents of potash distribution with the Williston Basin.




For personal use only


                                Figure 6-2: Map of potash distribution within the Williston Basin (modified from Fuzesy (1982))
                                  Deposition of sediments in the basin began during the Cambrian geological time period, followed
                                  by an intense period of limestone, dolomite, evaporite, sandstone, and shale deposition during
                                  the geological time periods Ordovician, Silurian, and Devonian ending with Cretaceous
                                  sediments. Figure 6-3 shows a schematic cross section focused on members of interest in the
                                  Jansen area, location of the cross-section A-A’ shown in Figure 6-2.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 40




For personal use only
                                Figure 6-3: Schematic geological section showing the potash members of the Prairie Evaporite
                                             Formation. The location of the section is shown on Figure 6-2:
                                  Figure 6-4 shows the full stratigraphic column from surface, including the key members for the
                                  Jansen potash project area.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 41




For personal use only




                                Figure 6-4: Stratigraphic column for the Jansen area (after Stratigraphic Correlation Chart
                                             economy.gov.sk.ca, 2016).

                        6.3     Property Geology
                                  There is no visible rock outcrop at Jansen, the property is relatively flat open Prairie type farm
                                  land and a thick layer (100+ metres) of glacial drift deposits over lie the Cretaceous age, shale of
                                  the Bearpaw Formation (Figure 6-4). The potash beds are approximately 900 metres below
                                  surface, at the top of the Prairie Evaporite Formation which conformably overlies the
                                  predominantly carbonate layers of the Winnipegosis Formation. There are three main potash
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 42



                                  bearing members present in the Prairie Evaporite Formation. Two are present in the Jansen area,
                                  those being the Patience Lake and Belle Plaine members. The Patience Lake Member is further
                                  subdivided into UPL and LPL sub-members (Figure 6-4 and Figure 6-5). The LPL sub-member is
                                  the potash horizon targeted for Jansen. These potash members were deposited in regionally
                                  extensive (hundreds of kilometres), horizontal layers during the repeated, cyclical periods of
                                  evaporation of a shallow, inland sea during the Devonian Period. Mineralization within the potash
                                  layers consists of a layered, repetitive sequence of sylvite (KCl) with halite (NaCl) and thin layers
                                  of insoluble dolomitic clay material (clay seams). Carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O), a mineral which
                                  can impact processing and ground stability, occasionally occurs in place of sylvite within the
                                  potash layer.
                                  The Dawson Bay Formation includes the Second Red Beds and the Dawson Bay carbonate
                                  members on top and overlays the Prairie Evaporite Formation (Figure 6-4).




For personal use only
                                  Approximately 400 metres below the Prairie Evaporite Formation are the Cambrian-Ordovician
                                  Winnipeg and Deadwood formations. Sediments of these formations were deposited in near
                                  shore, shallow water marine environments on top of the Precambrian rocks. The coarse to fine
                                  sands of the formations, host a vast deep saline aquifer that is used for brine disposal.

                        6.4     Mineral Deposit
                                  The Jansen LPL sub-member is hosted within the Prairie Evaporite Formation, and was deposited
                                  in regionally extensive, horizontal layers during the repeated, cyclical evaporation of a shallow,
                                  saltpan environment during the Devonian period. LPL potash is composed of combinations of
                                  halite (NaCl), sylvite (KCl) with variable amounts of disseminated insolubles and clay seams
                                  (Figure 6-5). The LPL is subdivided into four mineralization cycles for detailed geological
                                  characterization of the potential mining horizon. The LPL sub-member is an approximately five
                                  metres thick potash unit interspersed with thin clay seams. The LPL top is marked by a clay seam
                                  (named the 406) that is overlain by an approximately 2.5 metres thick halite unit. The bottom of
                                  the LPL unit is marked by a clay seam (named the 401). The mineralization of the LPL is restricted
                                  to the 406 to 401 interval. The clay seams are consistent throughout the potash basin and the
                                  Jansen area and can be easily correlated between the drill holes.




                                Figure 6-5: Detailed stratigraphy of the Patience Lake Member.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 43



                                  Safe mining practice in the Prairie Evaporite Formation requires a competent rock immediately
                                  above the top of the LPL sub-unit. The interval between the 406 and 407 clay seams, mainly
                                  consists of halite with some minor insoluble bands, traditionally known as the Shadow band (SB)
                                  and Henry Marker (HM). These are considered potential geotechnical hazards as they, in some
                                  areas, weaken the mining roof and may require extra ground support or additional cutting and
                                  increase the dilution. Their effect was taken into account in reserve calculations.
                                  The Saskatchewan potash deposit is an example of a potash hosting evaporite sequence. This
                                  large and flat deposit extends from east to west in the province and shows relative uniformity,
                                  except where there are anomalies due to local dissolutions of the potash beds or clay seams.
                                  There is also no faulting at the level of the potash beds.
                                  The main types of anomalies defined by Mackintosh and McVittie (1983) are called washout,
                                  leach and collapse anomalies. The generic classification is still valid, although the anomalies can




For personal use only
                                  be seen with different combinations (Figure 6-6). Washout and leach anomalies are also called
                                  no-potash anomalies. Collapse anomalies are characterized by a loss of recognizable potash
                                  strata through salt dissolution, replaced by brecciated, re-cemented, and recrystallized material,
                                  with breccia blocks typically derived from the overlying strata. Diameters may range from several
                                  tens of metres up to hundreds of metres. These cylindrical structures are characterized by the
                                  complete or near complete destruction of the original geological layering, as observed on seismic
                                  data by the total or almost total loss of reflection.
                                  Collapse anomalies have been classified based on the level of connectivity to water sources and
                                  size to help standardize the terminology. Class 1 is the highest risk class as the Prairie Evaporite
                                  Formation and overlaying carbonate units are altered and disturbed on the seismic data. Class 2
                                  shows disturbed Devonian carbonates and Class 3 type collapse anomalies are typically
                                  restricted to the Dawson Bay Formation. During the exploration program these features are
                                  mapped using 3D seismic surveys, (see Section 7.1.4 for details).
                                  Carnallite occurrences are also considered as anomalies. Carnallite is undesirable in the mining
                                  and processing environment. Its physical properties effect ground conditions negatively and
                                  relatively low potassium and high magnesium content can interfere with ore processing. High
                                  carnallite content areas are mapped with 3D seismic surveys and avoided in the mine plan.
                                  The geology of the basin and its geological formations are well known from extensive exploratory
                                  drilling for hydrocarbons and minerals and from geophysical data collected since 1952. This basin
                                  wide geological information is publicly available from the Saskatchewan Geological Survey in the
                                  form of maps, cross-sections, drill hole-based formation contact identification, core from historical
                                  drill holes, and other publications. Potash exploration drill hole information is confidential for the
                                  first five years after drilling, afterwards it becomes publicly available.
                                  It is the Qualified Person’s opinion that Saskatchewan’s potash deposition geology is well
                                  understood based on mining in the region for 60 years and available information. The data
                                  collected for the Jansen potash project and interpretation based on the data collected is consistent
                                  with this current understanding.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                  Page 44




For personal use only
                                Figure 6-6: Three main types of anomalies (Mackintosh and Mc Vittie (1983)).
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 45



                        7       Exploration
                                  The main exploration methods for potash in Saskatchewan are drilling and reflection seismic
                                  surveys. Drilling is typically conducted using petroleum industry rotary rigs to obtain core samples
                                  and to acquire rock property measurements with geophysical well logging tools lowered into the
                                  drill hole. Reflection seismic surveys are acquired along lines (2D) or over an area (3D) to obtain
                                  images of subsurface geology. The seismic data are used for mapping geological structures and
                                  to obtain subsurface rock physical property information. Figure 7-1 shows the potash exploration
                                  coverage, including seismic surveys and drilling.

                        7.1     Exploration Work (Other Than Drilling)
                                  BHP Canada reflection seismic surveys include the following:

                                          Reconnaissance 2D seismic surveys between June 2007 and August 2007.




For personal use only
                                          Two 3D seismic surveys were completed from October 2007 to March 2008 and from
                                           October 2008 to March 2009.

                        7.1.1     Procedures and Parameters Relating to the Surveys and Investigations
                                  BHP Canada geophysicists and their representatives were involved in the design, planning, field
                                  acquisition, and processing of all the surveys.
                                  Both the 2D and 3D seismic surveys are designed to provide the optimal image of the subsurface
                                  geology from the base of the Cretaceous age sediments (~ 400 metres depth) to the top of the
                                  Precambrian (~ 1,500 metres depth).
                                  The east-west 2D survey lines are spaced 3.2 kilometres (2 miles) apart, with occasional north-
                                  south lines connecting them at approximately 20 kilometres apart. Placement of the 2D seismic
                                  survey lines utilized the grid roads established by the Dominion Land Survey system.
                                  The 3D seismic surveys are positioned over areas that appeared to be the most prospective
                                  based on the interpretation of the 2D data. Large 3D seismic surveys are acquired in 400 to 600
                                  square kilometre pieces over several data collection seasons. The 3D seismic survey field
                                  operations are carried out in winter, between October and March, to minimize the impact on
                                  farming and environment.
                                  Seismic data processing history:

                                          The 2D survey data were first commercially processed in 2007, immediately after
                                           acquisition. In 2009, the 2D line data were re-processed with the supervision of BHP
                                           Canada geophysicists.

                                          The 3D seismic surveys data were processed as individual surveys, immediately after
                                           acquisition. The BHP Canada 3D seismic surveys were merged with the 2006 Anglo
                                           Minerals 3D seismic survey during processing, and the volumes were merged.

                                          In 2011, the three 3D seismic volumes were combined at the field data level and were
                                           reprocessed to provide one single, jointly processed time volume.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 46



                                           Development in seismic processing algorithms warranted another joint re-processing in
                                            2016. The work on this version incorporated all the learnings gained by the BHP Canada
                                            geophysicist interpreting the 2011 version.

                                           In 2018/2019 new processing work (Pre-Stack Depth Migration) was carried out on the
                                            joint 2016 data that provided an enhanced subsurface image volume in depth.

                        7.1.2 Sampling Methods and Sample Quality
                                Table 7-1: Seismic survey sampling
                                                                                Subsurface fold at   Vertical sampling
                                   Survey      Horizontal trace spacing
                                                                                Prairie Evaporite
                                   2D          10 m along the line                      ~ 75         1 ms
                                                                                                     1 ms (time volumes)
                                   3D          30 m both in X and Y direction          ~ 15
                                                                                                     2 m (depth volumes)




For personal use only
                                  The quality of the collected seismic data is continuously monitored during acquisition. This
                                  includes monitoring field equipment performance, environmental noise, and collected
                                  geographical survey information. If any parameters exceeded the defined threshold, the
                                  acquisition is stopped until the problem is fixed, or in the case of weather-related delays until
                                  conditions improve. Geographic survey information is checked and verified independently by a
                                  third-party surveying company.
                                  The seismic data processing workflow includes further strict QA/QC steps that seek to ensure the
                                  highest possible quality results, which included among other things:

                                           checking source and receiver locations

                                           removing noisy recordings

                                           testing parameters for each processing step and comparing data before and after
                                            subsequent steps
                                  Processed seismic lines/volumes at different stages of the workflow were delivered to BHP
                                  Canada’s site geophysicist for evaluation and quality checking and feedback was provided to the
                                  processors.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 47



                        7.1.3 Information about the Area Covered




For personal use only
                                Figure 7-1: Exploration coverage. The black line shows the location of the cross section displayed
                                             in Figure 7-5.
                                  The 2D seismic surveys cover the entire Jansen lease. The 3D seismic surveys cover
                                  approximately 75 per cent of the lease.

                        7.1.4 Significant Results and Interpretation
                                  Subsurface images of the 2D seismic survey on a regional scale successfully identified areas
                                  where the detailed exploration efforts needed to be focused, away from large scale anomalous
                                  geological features and disturbed geology. The BHP Canada exploration drill holes were
                                  positioned where 2D seismic information was available to reduce the risk of drilling into disturbed
                                  geology. The 3D seismic survey was also positioned based on this information to image the most
                                  prospective areas.
                                  The 3D seismic survey successfully imaged structural features (collapse anomalies) that pose
                                  hazards to the mining operation and were classified based on the severity of disruption that occurs
                                  in the stratigraphy (Section 6.4). Topography of major geological interfaces, for example the top
                                  of the Prairie Evaporite Formation, are also mapped (Figure 7-2).
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 48



                                  Quantitative interpretation of the seismic response from the LPL zone allowed identification of
                                  anomalous geological areas located within the LPL member, i.e. carnallite and no-potash
                                  anomalies. In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the level of detail in the surveys is sufficient to
                                  enable the development of the geological model to form the basis of Mineral Resources Estimate
                                  (as detailed in Section 11 of this report). The confidence in the granularity of the surveys is
                                  sufficient to assign higher levels of classification (Measured and Indicated) between the sampling
                                  points.




For personal use only




                                Figure 7-2: Structural features and top of Prairie Evaporite elevation imaged by 3D seismic
                                  The seismic imaging is a mature technology originating in the oil and gas industry and has been
                                  successfully adopted by the potash mining industry. It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that
                                  the quality of the seismic surveys collected on the Jansen lease are excellent and the structural
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 49



                                  and the quantitative interpretation work carried out at Jansen by BHP Canada geophysicists are
                                  at an industry standard practice level.

                        7.2     Exploration Drilling
                                  Exploration drilling was carried out by BHP Canada:

                                          to obtain physical samples for geological mapping, geochemical analysis, rock mechanics
                                           and metallurgical testing,

                                          to acquire rock physical and hydrogeological property measurements using geophysical
                                           well logging,

                                          to acquire hydrogeological testing data from the brine disposal zone.
                                  Drill hole locations were selected based on information obtained from the 2D and 3D seismic




For personal use only
                                  program to avoid structural features and regional potash anomalies. The distribution and spacing
                                  of the drill holes were chosen to complement the historical drilling locations to provide a uniform
                                  drill hole coverage across the central part of the lease area.

                        7.2.1 Drilling Type and Extent
                                  All drill holes were drilled using petroleum industry oil rigs (Figure 7-3) with the rotary drilling
                                  method. The equipment requires an approximately 150 metres x 150 metres size drilling pad for
                                  the rig, equipment, and offices. The drilling operation was running 24/7 with contracted site
                                  geologists and BHP representatives overseeing the drilling and data collection operations. After
                                  completion of the drilling the drill site was reclaimed to its original state.




                                Figure 7-3: Oil rig used in BHP Canada potash exploration drilling


                                  A summary of the drilling information is shown in Table 7-2:. Geophysical well logging was
                                  conducted in all holes from top to bottom.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                       Page 50


                                Table 7-2: Summary of BHP Canada drilling information
                                                                                                         Metres Analysed
                                          Type of Drilling      Number of Drill Holes   Metres Drilled        Using          Year
                                                                                                          Geochemistry
                                       Potash exploration                24                24,500              596         2008-2009
                                       Disposal zone
                                       testing and                       2                  3,100               -            2014
                                       monitoring
                                       Shaft Pilot hole                  2                  2,076             89             2009
                                       Shaft geotechnical                1                   590               -             2014
                                       Brine Injection well              1                  1,500              -             2016
                                       Total                             31                28,976             685              -




                        7.2.2 Drilling, Sampling and Recovery Factors
                                  Potash exploration drill holes




For personal use only
                                  The stratigraphy of the region is well established based on the exploration completed to date.
                                  Most of the holes were drilled into the Prairie Evaporite Formation and were terminated once all
                                  the potash beds were intersected, below the Belle Plaine Member. A limited number of holes were
                                  drilled through the Prairie Evaporite into the Interlake Formation to provide calibration information
                                  for seismic analysis. One exploration hole was drilled to the Precambrian basement to obtain
                                  information about the entire sedimentary column including the target formation for brine disposal.
                                  The drilling plan for each drill hole is divided into four sections:

                                          Section 1 – Conductor and surface section, installation of the conductor and drilling to set
                                           a required surface casing point (244.5 millimetres), as prescribed by the Saskatchewan
                                           Oil & Gas Conservation Regulations 1985.

                                          Section 2 – Intermediate section, drilling to the core point and setting a 177.8 millimetre
                                           intermediate casing string.

                                          Section 3 – Core section, drilling and coring using mineral oil-based mud utilizing 156
                                           millimetre core equipment.

                                          Section 4 – Deep section, drilling either to the Interlake Formation or the Precambrian
                                           basement with 156 millimetre bit.
                                  After drilling, the holes are plugged by cement and abandoned following the Saskatchewan Oil
                                  and Gas Conservation regulation procedures.
                                  Details are shown in Figure 7-4, including abandonment procedures.
                                  Exploration core recovery is 99.95 per cent which is considered excellent by the Qualified Person.
                                  Core depths are corrected to the geophysical logs depth to obtain a common depth reference for
                                  all data. The high core recovery enabled BHP Canada to take representative samples for the
                                  basis of the Mineral Resources estimate.
                                  Drill hole locations are surveyed at planning and after spudding by a professional surveyor. During
                                  drilling the maximum deviation from the vertical was set to three degrees and was monitored
                                  continuously with downhole instruments. The drill holes’ trajectory is surveyed after completion
                                  using the orientation logging tool that is deployed as part of the geophysical well logging program.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 51



                                  All holes are close to vertical with offset less than 10 metres between the surface coordinate and
                                  bottom hole coordinate. The shaft pilot holes were drilled with very small deviation tolerances.
                                  All sampling, including geophysical logging, is conducted with QA/QC procedures in place with
                                  targets set and monitored, see Section 8 for details regarding these QA/QC procedures.




For personal use only

                                Figure 7-4: The four sections of the exploration drilling program and abandonment procedures.



                                  Brine disposal zone monitoring and testing holes and disposal hole
                                  Two holes were drilled to obtain hydrogeological and rock mechanics information from the brine
                                  disposal reservoir zone. The preparation and execution were identical to the exploration holes
                                  except after setting surface casing the holes were drilled to the top of the Winnipeg Formation,
                                  then logged and cased. The lower section was drilled through the Winnipeg Sand and Deadwood
                                  formations into the Precambrian. Geophysical logging, hydrogeological formation testing and rock
                                  mechanics testing programs were carried out in this section (details in Section 7.3). Once the
                                  testing was completed the hole was cased and pressure and temperature monitoring equipment
                                  was installed at the Deadwood Formation (details in Section 7.3).
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 52



                                  The brine disposal drill hole was drilled with similar set up, methodology, and data collection
                                  program to the monitoring holes, except the reservoir section was developed for the injection
                                  operation.
                                  Shaft pilot holes and geotechnical hole
                                  Two pilot holes and a geotechnical hole were drilled to support the shaft sinking. The pilot holes,
                                  after the placement of the conductor and surface casing section, were continuously cored to the
                                  base of the Prairie Evaporite Formation. Geophysical well logging and hydrogeological testing
                                  were conducted before the pilot holes were plugged. The shaft geotechnical hole was drilled in a
                                  similar way to provide additional information for shaft sinking operations.
                                  It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the data (core, geophysical logs, hydrogeological
                                  testing data, etc.) obtained by drilling have a good quality and are reliable. They are suitable to
                                  be used for geological, hydrogeological, and other model development and related studies.




For personal use only
                        7.2.3 Drilling Results and Interpretation
                                  In agreement with the well-recognized regional geological and structural architecture of the
                                  Williston Basin, the drilling results show that the geological layers dip approximately 0.1 degrees
                                  to the southwest. The use of vertical holes is therefore deemed by the Qualified Person to be
                                  appropriate and ensures representative thicknesses are achieved across each stratigraphic unit.
                                  All anticipated stratigraphic units were present in the drill holes with normal thicknesses and
                                  lithologies, no unexpected geological conditions were encountered.
                                  The exploration drilling further confirmed the presence of the Prairie Evaporite Formation and the
                                  UPL, LPL and Belle Plaine members in the entire Jansen lease. The depth of the LPL was found
                                  to be between approximately 850 metres in the north and approximately 1,050 metres in the south
                                  (Figure 7-5).
                                  Holes drilled deep into the disposal reservoir confirmed the presence of the Winnipeg Sand and
                                  Deadwood formations with expected thickness, lithology, and hydrogeological properties.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 53




For personal use only
                                Figure 7-5: North-South cross section showing main potash and geological units immediately
                                            above, (DB Carbonates – Dawson Bay Carbonates Member, RB2 – Second Red Beds
                                            Member, UPL – Upper Patience Lake sub-member, LPL – Lower Patience Lake sub-
                                            member, BP – Belle Plaine Member). The vertical axis is in elevation (m). Both historical
                                            and BHP Canada drill holes are included.

                        7.3     Hydrogeology
                                  The hydrogeology of the Jansen Project area consists of two groundwater systems:

                                          Near surface groundwater system that encompasses glacial till, silt, clay, sand and gravel

                                          Deep groundwater system that is characterized by underlying carbonates and sandstones
                                           units
                                  The groundwater systems are separated by a low permeability shale formation.

                        7.3.1 Near Surface Hydrogeology
                                  Introduction
                                  The near surface hydrostratigraphy is generally comprised of a complex sequence of sediments
                                  which include inter-bedded water bearing formations (i.e. aquifers for groundwater source) and
                                  low permeability sediments (i.e., aquitards as natural barriers to brine migration from the surface
                                  tailings facility). These stratified sediments, above the bedrock (Bearpaw Formation), are
                                  collectively known as glacial drift, and form a multi-stacked aquifer system across the Jansen
                                  Project area. The near surface hydrostratigraphy of the project area is summarized in Figure 7-6.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                  Page 54



                                                Stratigraphy
                                                                                                Lithology                       Hydrogeology
                                 Group        Formation         Unit or Member
                                                                                                             Clay, Silt,
                                                                                   Silt, Sand, Gravel
                                                                                                               Sand
                                                                   Alluvium
                                                                                                             Clay, Silt,
                                             Surficial                             Silt, Sand, Gravel
                                                                                                               Sand
                                             Stratified                                                                    Surficial Aquifer/Aquitard
                                                                                                             Clay, Silt,
                                             Deposits                              Silt, Sand, Gravel
                                                                                                               Sand
                                                                   Haultain
                                                                                                             Clay, Silt,
                                                                                   Silt, Sand, Gravel
                                                                                                               Sand
                              Saskatoon                                                             Till                            Aquitard
                                             Battleford
                                                                                         Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay              Battleford Aquifer
                                                                    Upper                           Till                            Aquitard
                                                                Riddell (Middle)              Gravel, Sand                   Upper Floral Aquifer
                                             Floral                                                 Till                            Aquitard




For personal use only
                                                                    Lower                Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay            Lower Floral Aquifer
                                                                                                    Till                            Aquitard
                                                                                                    Till                            Aquitard
                                             Warman
                                                                                         Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay              Warman Aquifer
                                                                                                    Till                            Aquitard
                                                                    Upper
                                                                                         Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay           Upper Dundurn Aquifer
                                             Dundurn                                                Till                            Aquitard
                              Sutherland
                                                                    Lower                Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay           Lower Dundurn Aquifer
                                                                                                    Till                            Aquitard
                                                                                                    Till                            Aquitard
                                                                    Upper
                                             Mennon                                      Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay               Mennon Aquifer
                                                                                                    Till                            Aquitard
                                                                    Upper          Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay (Proglacial)
                              Empress                                              Chert and Quartzite Sand on Gravel               Aquifer
                                                                    Lower                     (Preglacial)
                                Figure 7-6: Schematic Near Surface Hydrostratigraphy in the Jansen Project Area


                                  Data collection and QAQC
                                  The near surface hydrogeology of the project area was evaluated by SNC Lavalin Inc. (previously
                                  MDH Engineered Solution Corp.) from 2008 to 2011. The near surface groundwater system was
                                  studied for the selection of suitable surface facilities (e.g., tailings management area and other
                                  infrastructure) to reduce the risk of shallow, aquifer contamination due to the long-term brine
                                  migration beneath the salt tailings facility, and for potential sourcing of water.
                                  More than 200 boreholes were drilled for the hydrostratigraphic investigation, testing, and
                                  instrumentation (Figure 7-7). Over 100 monitoring wells (124 standpipe piezometers and 20
                                  vibrating wire piezometers) were installed around the surface tailings management area
                                  perimeters as well as other strategic places to conduct borehole geophysical logging, hydraulic
                                  testing (slug test and pumping test), and collect groundwater samples for the acquisition of
                                  hydrogeological data and baseline groundwater chemistry. Numerous slug tests and one long
                                  duration (14 days) step drawdown pumping test were conducted. The data were analysed to
                                  estimate the hydraulic parameters of the aquifers and aquitards (Table 7-3). Tri-axial permeability
                                  tests were conducted to estimate the vertical hydraulic conductivity of the formations. A
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                              Page 55



                                  groundwater monitoring network system was established within almost all near surface aquifers
                                  to better understand the groundwater flow system and potential hydraulic connection between
                                  aquifers.
                                Table 7-3: Summary of Hydraulic Conductivity Values for the Near Surface Hydrostratigraphic Units

                                                                                                  Hydraulic Conductivity (m/s)
                                                  Formation
                                                                                       Minimum            Median                 Maximum
                                    Oxidized Saskatoon Group Sediments                  2.2E-09           3.5E-08                2.1E-06
                                               Upper Floral Till*                       3.0E-11           7.5E-11                2.0E-10
                                             Upper Floral Aquifer                       2.6E-08           8.3E-05                2.0E-03
                                                Lower Floral Till                       5.0E-11           1.0E-10                1.6E-08
                                             Lower Floral Aquifer                       1.0E-07           8.1E-05                1.6E-03
                                                 Warman Till*                           9.0E-11           9.5E-11                1.0E-10




For personal use only
                                               Warman Aquifer                           1.4E-05           1.5E-05                1.6E-05
                                             Upper Dundurn Till*                        3.0E-11           1.2E-10                2.0E-10
                                            Upper Dundurn Aquifer                       1.3E-06           8.8E-06                1.7E-05
                                                Mennon Aquifer                          4.3E-05           4.3E-04                5.7E-04
                                           Empress Group Aquifer                        8.4E-06           9.3E-05                2.4E-03
                                   * Includes only the tri-axial permeability test results




                                  Quality Assurance and Quality Control (QA/QC) were utilized for all field work, analysis, and
                                  reporting. All work was completed using MDH trained engineers and professional hydrogeologists
                                  with provincial practicing licenses (Professional Engineer/ Professional Geoscientist). All drilling
                                  and installations were completed under the continuous supervision of trained engineers and
                                  geoscientists.
                                  All groundwater samples were collected and analysed in accordance with the groundwater
                                  sampling standards and procedures and the ISO/IEC 17025:2005 accredited Laboratory Quality
                                  Management System (ALS Laboratory and Maxxam). Standard Chain of Custody protocols were
                                  followed during handling and transportation of all samples. Laboratory QA testing was completed
                                  by submitting blind and duplicate samples for comparative testing.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 56




For personal use only




                                Figure 7-7: Location Map of Boreholes and Monitoring Wells


                                  All data compiled within all reports (tables, spreadsheets, figures, borehole logs, cross-sections.
                                  Etc.) was reviewed to reduce the potential for error. To assure the quality of the final reports, all
                                  draft reports were reviewed by a senior MDH engineer.
                                  Results and Interpretation
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 57



                                  The near surface drilling, sampling and testing successfully delineated multiple aquifers and
                                  aquitards (Figure 7-8) beneath the TMA and determined their hydraulic properties (Table 7-4). In
                                  the Qualified Person’s opinion, the level of detail in the hydrogeological investigations was
                                  sufficient to enable the development of a groundwater flow and contaminant transport model and
                                  formed the basis of groundwater protection from the brine migration. In the opinion of the Qualified
                                  Person, the silt and clay rich till of the Sutherland Group and the Saskatoon Group should act as
                                  the primary natural barriers to groundwater contamination at the tailings site based on the
                                  technical information available at the time of preparation of this report.

                                7.3.2           Deep Hydrogeology
                                  Introduction
                                  In descending order, the deep groundwater system consists of seven major water bearing




For personal use only
                                  formations. These formations are described below with their implications:

                                          Mannville Aquifer: Presents significant risk to shaft construction; however, it is a potential
                                           groundwater resource for mining and operation

                                          Duperow Aquifer: May pose risk of water inflow into a shaft or a mine (if it is hydraulically
                                           connected to the underlying water bearing formations)

                                          Souris River Aquifer: May pose potential risk of minor water inflow into a shaft or a mine
                                           (if it is hydraulically connected to the underlying water bearing formations)

                                          Dawson Bay Aquifer: In close proximity to the mining horizon and generally interpreted as
                                           dry (low permeability formation) in nature. May pose potential risk of water inflow into a
                                           mine if hydraulically connected to adjacent aquifers

                                          Winnipegosis Aquifer: May pose risk of water inflow into a mine from below when
                                           inadequate cap rock for the brine disposal horizon occurs or its integrity is impacted from
                                           the disposal operation

                                          Winnipeg Sand Aquifer: Subsidiary brine water bearing formation for underground brine
                                           disposal in the project area

                                          Deadwood Aquifer: Principal brine water bearing formations for underground brine
                                           disposal in the project area
                                  The last two aquifers are usually named together as the brine disposal horizon. The deep
                                  hydrostratigraphy of the project area is summarized in Figure 7-8.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                  Page 58




For personal use only




                                  Note: The Interlake Formation within the Jansen Project area is found to be a low permeability formation and not considered an aquifer
                                  unit.

                                Figure 7-8: Schematic Deep Hydrostratigraphy in the Jansen Project Area (modified based on
                                             Figure 6-4)
                                  Data collection
                                  The deep hydrogeology of the project area was evaluated using oil field techniques by consultants
                                  (Schlumberger, Baker Hughes, Norwest, RESPEC, etc.). The deep groundwater system was
                                  investigated to assess potential risk of water inflow into a mine and to design a wellfield for the
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 59



                                  underground disposal of potash waste brine. Eleven drill holes were tested to acquire hydraulic
                                  properties of the major aquifers of interest such as the Dawson Bay, Winnipeg Sand and
                                  Deadwood formations. Four out of eleven deep drill holes focused on the deep hydrostratigraphic
                                  investigation, testing, and instrumentation within the brine disposal horizon. Two deep monitoring
                                  wells are continuously collecting the formation pore pressure and temperature data of the brine
                                  disposal horizon to assess potential impact from the ongoing disposal operations in other mine
                                  sites in Saskatchewan.
                                  Drill stem tests were performed in five exploration drill holes and two shaft pilot holes to assess
                                  the water deliverability potential of the Dawson Bay Formation. The tests indicated the low
                                  permeability nature of this formation. Following the drill stem tests, Formation Multi-tester (FMT)
                                  wireline tests were performed to measure the formation pore pressure and estimate the
                                  permeability values at several test points in 19 drill holes. Magnetic Resonance Logging was also




For personal use only
                                  conducted using Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) or Combinable Magnetic Resonance
                                  (CMR) tools to assess the water content in the formations in 25 drill holes. Five core plug samples
                                  from two exploration drill holes were additionally tested and analyzed in the independent
                                  laboratory “Core Laboratories, Inc.” in Houston to estimate the porosity and permeability of the
                                  Dawson Bay Formation. The laboratory results from four samples indicated the low permeability
                                  nature of the formation except for one sample that showed a relatively high permeability value
                                  (338 mD). The Dawson Bay Formation is considered one of the key hydrostratigraphic units for
                                  mine excavation, which overlies the Jansen mine level.
                                  Modular Formation Dynamics Tester (MDT), Vertical Interference Test (VIT), and FMT tools were
                                  used in one deep drill hole to obtain hydraulic properties of the deep water bearing formations,
                                  with a special focus on the brine disposal horizon and caprock formations. Groundwater samples
                                  were also collected for baseline chemistry and isotope analysis. The MDT Live Fluid Analyzer
                                  (LFA) optical technique was utilized to ensure the sample quality by monitoring the fluid as it
                                  flows, its resistivity, and optical density. Mini-Frac and pressure falloff tests were performed to
                                  understand the formation pore pressure regime of the disposal horizon. A step rate injection test
                                  was conducted at the first potash waste disposal well to estimate the regulated wellhead injection
                                  pressure in accordance with the disposal and injection well regulatory requirements.
                                  The data from all tests were analysed to characterize the major water bearing formations and
                                  compiled for the use of analytical and numerical brine disposal wellfield modelling. Table 7-4
                                  provides a summary of the hydraulic parameters and values for the brine disposal horizon.
                                  Hydrogeological Modelling
                                  To assess the risk associated with the brine disposal horizon and its sustainability, analytical
                                  models were developed by consultants (SNC Lavalin) from 2010 to 2019. In 2019, BHP Canada
                                  also developed a three-dimensional numerical brine disposal model using the industry standard
                                  groundwater modelling software FEFLOW to assess the formation pore pressure build-up and
                                  distribution during the disposal operation. The model was reviewed by an independent third party
                                  and updated based on the review comments and recommendations. An uncertainty analysis of
                                  the updated model was performed using a new probabilistic approach to quantify model
                                  uncertainties in 2022. BHP Canada additionally developed a three-dimensional reservoir
                                  geomechanical model to assess the risk and uncertainties associated with the brine disposal
                                  horizon and the overlying caprock. In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the Deadwood Aquifer and
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                        Page 60



                                  the Winnipeg Sand Aquifer are available for the disposal of waste brine and no material adverse
                                  impact in the brine disposal operation is expected for the Jansen Stage 1 at the time of preparation
                                  of this report. The risk and uncertainty associated with the long-term sustainable capacity of the
                                  brine disposal horizon will be assessed as waste disposal operation begins and advances.


                                Table 7-4: Summary of Hydraulic Parameters and Values Measured in Field for the Brine Disposal
                                 Horizon

                                                           Permeability (mD)
                                  Formation                                           Porosity
                                                                                                                Comments
                                    Name                                                (%)
                                                  Horizontal            Vertical
                                                                                                 Permeability values based on borehole
                                                                                                 logs. A large-scale test (such as injection
                                                                                                 test) was not conducted to determine the
                                  Winnipeg
                                                  0.1 – 3000          Not Available    6 – 28    horizontal and vertical permeability values




For personal use only
                                   Sand
                                                                                                 due to the small thickness (~ 18 m) and
                                                                                                 minimum usable disposal reservoir
                                                                                                 interval (~ 8-9 m) of this formation.
                                                                                                 Permeability values based on MDT/MDT-
                                  Deadwood         288 – 403            29 – 43        3 – 28
                                                                                                 VIT/Injection Test



                                  Results and Interpretation
                                  The characterization of the major deep water bearing formations in the Jansen Project area is in
                                  agreement with the regional hydrogeological understanding of the Western Canada Sedimentary
                                  Basin and the Williston Basin.
                                  Based on the hydrogeological and geophysical information available at the time of preparation of
                                  this report, the Dawson Bay Formation is characterized as a low permeability unit in the Jansen
                                  area and has relatively low water inflow deliverability potential. In the Qualified Person’s opinion,
                                  the Dawson Bay Formation is well understood.
                                  The characterization of the brine disposal horizon is also in agreement with the local and regional
                                  scale hydrogeological understanding. In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the horizon is
                                  available for the disposal of potash waste brine and no potential adverse impact on its disposal
                                  capacity is expected.

                        7.4     Geotechnical Data, Testing, and Analysis
                                  Geotechnical data was acquired through two testing programs. The first testing program was
                                  completed by independent consultant “RESPEC”, through samples acquired from three
                                  exploration drill holes. Testing consisted of Brazilian indirect tensile strength (BRZ), constant
                                  strain rate (CSR), constant mean stress (CMC) and tri-axial compression creep (TCC). The
                                  results of these tests were used as input values for modelling.
                                  The second testing program was completed at the University of Saskatchewan “Rock Mechanics
                                  Lab”, with samples acquired from six exploration drill holes. Tests conducted included,
                                  Unconfined Compressive Strength (UCS) and acoustic velocity, with all tests occurring in salt.
                                  Due to the age and unknown handling of the core, these tests were not included in the modelling
                                  work.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                          Page 61



                                  Tests for the Dawson Bay Formation and Second Red Beds were acquired from two exploration
                                  holes. Five CSR tests were completed for the Dawson Bay Formation and four were completed
                                  for the Second Red Beds. The intent of the CSR test is to determine the elastic properties of the
                                  sample. Also completed for the Second Red Beds were seven BRZ tests. The tensile strength
                                  tests provide inputs into evaluating the tensile strength of the roof and floor of an excavation.
                                  Mechanical testing in the Prairie Evaporite consisted of BRZ, CSR, CMC and TCC. Samples were
                                  acquired from all three exploration drill holes. Tests completed, included, thirty-six BRZ tests,
                                  twenty-one CSR tests, forty-one CMC tests and twenty five TCC tests.
                                  CMC tests were run at a temperature setting of 20°C. The intent of running the CMC tests was to
                                  determine the location-specific dilation characteristics and to use that location dilation data to
                                  estimate the parameter values in a dilation equation. The CMC test data showed a fairly
                                  consistent trend for all tests where the level of stress difference required to initiate dilation usually




For personal use only
                                  increased with the increase in mean stress. The CMC data was used to compare against the
                                  linear tri-axial compression equation. The result were non-linear values that plotted above the
                                  linear criterion at a low mean stress and below the linear criterion at high mean stress.
                                  For the TCC tests, setup parameters included, temperature set to 27°C, confining pressure at 20
                                  Mpa with applied stress differences of 6.9, 10, 15 and 20 Mpa. The purpose of the TCC test is to
                                  determine the axial strain over time within the sample. The results showed that strain rates started
                                  high immediately after the axial stress difference was applied, slowing to a near constant rate of
                                  strain with time. The predicted steady-state strain rates generally correlated well with the
                                  calculated steady-state strain rates.
                                  From the TCC tests, the estimated stress exponent for roof and floor salts was n = 3.6. For potash
                                  ore the estimated stress exponent was n = 5. The laboratory creep data parameters utilized for
                                  the Jansen mine design are within the expected range for the potash basin. The validation
                                  process for the geotechnical parameters has been initiated with installation of geotechnical
                                  instrumentation within the shaft barrel and shaft stations. The shaft pillar ground monitoring
                                  program has been planned to further quantify the actual creep rates for each cutting horizon.
                                  The test results are listed in Table 7-5 for the CSR tests and Table 7-6 for the BRZ tests.
                                Table 7-5: CSR test results
                                                                                Average Young’s Modulus
                                       Sample Location          Quantity                                         Average Poisson’s ratio
                                                                                          (Gpa)
                                    Dawson Bay                     5                  47.02 +/- 6.35                   0.25 +/- 0.08
                                    Second Red Beds                4                  17.23 +/- 3.22                   0.12 +/- 0.01
                                    Potash                         9                      19.03                            0.16
                                    Salt                          12                      25.79                            0.14

                                Table 7-6: BRZ test results
                                        Sample Location         Quantity                    Average Tensile Strength (Mpa)
                                    Second Red Beds                7                                 2.93 +/- 1.36
                                    Salt                          21                                 1.62 +/- 0.33
                                    Potash                        15                                 2.13 +/- 0.70



                                  In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the tests completed are those necessary to develop models for
                                  the assessment of short and long term stability conditions in Prairie Evaporite and into the Second
                                  Red Beds and Dawson Bay. Samples within the Prairie Evaporite covered the UPL, LPL and Belle
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 62



                                  Plaine potash units and salt layers in between, which is necessary to understand what may cause
                                  ground instability.
                                  The geotechnical samples represent mining areas at the northwest, central and southern end of
                                  the lease. In the Qualified Person’s opinion the sampling seemed sparse, however, given the
                                  consistent results acquired from other properties within the basin when compared to the Jansen
                                  samples, it provides confidence that the rock will behave similarly.




For personal use only
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 63



                        8       Sample Preparation, Analyses, and Security

                        8.1     Sample Preparation Methods and Quality Control Measures
                        8.1.1 Methods
                                  Mineralized zones in each of the Jansen drill holes completed by BHP Canada were subject to
                                  coring and geochemical analysis. The salt beam between the UPL and LPL was included in the
                                  geochemical analysis. Once the core was recovered from each new drill hole, logged,
                                  photographed on site, and wrapped in waterproof plastic to protect the carnallite sections, the
                                  cores were securely transferred from the drill site to BHP Canada’s core lab in Saskatoon. The
                                  core box summary sheet, core transport waybill, and hard copy geophysical well logs
                                  accompanied the core.
                                  The climate-controlled core lab facility rented from the Saskatchewan Research Council –




For personal use only
                                  Saskatoon (SRC) was equipped with roller tables, core racks, work tables, rock saw and crusher,
                                  lift trolleys, dust collector, and air compressor. SRC provided saw and crusher operators, as
                                  required. Air quality was monitored periodically or at the request of core lab geologists.
                                  Temperature and humidity were monitored and recorded twice daily, because carnallite is
                                  deliquescent and therefore sensitive to atmospheric moisture.
                                  Geological consultant company Norwest Corp. compiled geological reports for each BHP Canada
                                  exploration hole, field records originated from wellsite geologists, drilling supervisors and coring
                                  contractors. Norwest Corp. geologists, who were trained in potash logging, operated the core lab.
                                  After the core was delivered, it was unloaded onto roller tables. Geologists ensured all core runs
                                  were properly oriented in the boxes and depths were corrected to match the geophysical well
                                  logs. The core was then subject to descriptive logging completed electronically on spreadsheets
                                  and emailed to BHP Canada geologists. (i.e., lithology, texture, crystal sizes, contacts, colour,
                                  sedimentary structures, constituents, fossils, and geotechnical features), and high-resolution
                                  colour photography. Sample interval selection completed with collaboration with BHP Canada
                                  geologists. A flow chart of the core logging process is shown in Figure 8-1.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 64




For personal use only


                                Figure 8-1: Core logging and sampling workflow
                                  If the core was selected for geotechnical testing, the photographs were reviewed for quality
                                  assurance and provided to the geotechnical consultants (RESPEC) from a secure file transfer
                                  site.
                                  The units of interest (i.e., UPL, LPL, and Belle Plaine Member) were slabbed by SRC crews at
                                  the core laboratory under the direction of Norwest Corp. geologists. The slabbed core was divided
                                  into sample intervals as determined by the geologists in conjunction with senior potash geology
                                  consultants (North Rim).
                                  Sample intervals were based on lithology and ranged in size from 2 centimetre to a maximum of
                                  25 centimetre. Sampling began a minimum of 0.5 metres above the top of the UPL through to a
                                  minimum of 0.5 metres below the base of the LPL and then from a minimum of 0.5 metres above
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 65



                                  the top of Belle Plaine Member to a minimum of 0.5 metres below the base of the Belle Plaine
                                  Member. Slabbed intervals were photographed.
                                  After the sample intervals and measurements were marked on the core and recorded in the
                                  logging Excel worksheet, one of the slabbed halves was quartered and one of the quarters was
                                  subsequently split into the noted intervals for geochemical analysis. The other quarter was
                                  packaged into plastic sleeves and reserved for shipment to the Government of Saskatchewan
                                  Subsurface Geological Laboratory in Regina, together with the entire core above and below the
                                  units of interest, as required by the regulations. The remaining slabbed half of the LPL was
                                  packaged for shipment to SGS Lakefield for metallurgical testing.
                                  Norwest Corp. core lab geologists and senior potash consultant (North Rim) regularly transferred
                                  the logging, sample interval sheets, whole core photographs, and slabbed core photographs to
                                  BHP Canada for storage on the file server at the Saskatoon office. Each step followed proper




For personal use only
                                  procedures and documentation as well as cross checking between consultants and BHP Canada
                                  personal.
                                  Historical drill hole reports, logging, collar location surveys and core assay data were acquired
                                  from the Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and Resources database. All historical and BHP
                                  Canada drill hole core are available at the Saskatchewan Subsurface Geological Laboratory for
                                  storage and public access.

                        8.1.2 Sample Security
                                  Chain of custody protocols were implemented, covering the sampling process from core collection
                                  at the drilling site, through sampling at the core laboratory, and to sample delivery to the analytical
                                  laboratory. These included:

                                          Boxing, labelling, and sealing of the core at the drill site before transferring to the
                                           laboratory preparation facility

                                          Photographing the core at the drill site then before and after sample selection

                                          Despatch requests were sent with the samples and emailed directly to the laboratory

                                          Laboratory confirmation of sample receipt

                                          Emailing the analysis results directly to BHP Canada

                                          Returning leftover samples to BHP Canada for storage
                                  Additionally, in the core laboratory, before sampling, the core was verified against the in situ
                                  collected geophysical logs and any discrepancies were addressed.
                                  No sample security documentation is available for the historical holes.

                        8.2     Sample Preparation, Assaying and Analytical Procedures
                                  During BHP Canada’s drilling campaign (2008, 2009) 3,956 samples were collected. The length
                                  of the samples was variable (average sample length 15 centimetres) to capture key geological
                                  features. Sampling protocols and procedures are aligned with industry standard practices. The
                                  sample preparation protocols (crushing and pulverising sizing requirements, etc.) at laboratories
                                  meet standards defined in contracts in line with ISO standards, with QA/QC targets established.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 66



                                  BHP Canada submitted samples for geochemical analysis to SRC Analytical Laboratories –
                                  Saskatoon, which is independent of BHP. SRC analysed all the geochemical samples using the
                                  Inductively Coupled Plasma – Optical Emission Spectroscopy (ICP-OES) method. Metallurgical
                                  testing of all metallurgical samples was conducted in SGS Lakefield Ltd. Laboratory. SGS is a
                                  commercial facility and is independent of BHP. Both laboratories are ISO/IEC 17025 certified.
                                  The samples were analyzed for the following: Soluble ICP CaO, K2O, Na2O and MgO wt%, wt%
                                  insoluble, wt% moisture, as part of the potash exploration package. The geochemistry analysis
                                  method termed “POT” by SRC.
                                  Historical drilling (1952-1965) contributed 1,170 samples with variable sampling interval
                                  thicknesses to the exploration data set. Historical drill hole samples collected by Kerr-McGee
                                  Corporation were processed in their internal laboratory (Kerr-McGee Research Laboratory) by
                                  titration method.




For personal use only
                                  Once the quartered core was cut into selected sample intervals, the samples were jaw crushed
                                  by SRC crews on site at the core lab. AA revision was made to the POT method after sampling
                                  the first core when it was discovered that crushing was too fine to enable the metallurgical testing
                                  of reject material. Initially, samples were crushed to 60 per cent at -2 millimetres. The standard
                                  operating procedure for the POT method was subsequently revised, and all subsequent samples
                                  were crushed to -6 millimetres. A comparison of analytical results from samples subjected to both
                                  crushing resolutions has verified that the degree of crushing does not materially affect the
                                  analyses. This parameter is continually monitored as part of the QA/QC program by comparing
                                  the analytical results of inserted site duplicate samples.
                                  After the sample was crushed, a 100 gram to 200 gram sub-sample was split out using a riffler
                                  splitter, and transferred to a sealed plastic vial for transport to the SRC Geoanalytical lab. The
                                  reject crushed material was stored by SRC in sealed pails at a separate storage location.
                                  At the SRC facility, the samples were pulverized to -106 microns using a puck and ring mill, and
                                  were then submitted for analysis. Pulps were analyzed for solubles, insolubles, and moisture
                                  content. Solubles were analyzed by Inductively Coupled Plasma – Optical Emission Spectroscopy
                                  (ICP-OES).

                        8.3     Quality Control /Quality Assurance Procedures
                                  BHP Canada defined a Quality Control/Quality Assurance (QA/QC) program to ensure an
                                  appropriate level of confidence in the accuracy, precision and control of contamination of the
                                  geochemical data derived from core sampling and analysis. Precision is the capability of
                                  consistently repeating the results of a certain measurement in a similar condition, accuracy is the
                                  proximity to a certain measurement to a real or accepted value and the contamination is the
                                  unintentional transfer of material from one sample to another during the process. This program
                                  includes standards, blanks, as well as laboratory and site duplicates. All the BHP Canada control
                                  samples were inserted “blind” within the batches delivered to the SRC laboratory thereby not
                                  being disclosed to the laboratory as is standard industry practice.
                                  Standards
                                  The standard samples employed were selected based on their mineralogical characteristics to
                                  ensure a wider spread of QA/QC check validity for the relevant mineralogical compositions. BHP
                                  Canada inserted 2.5 per cent (1 in 40) standards to check primarily for analytical accuracy and
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                       Page 67



                                  secondarily for analytical precision. SRC results demonstrated good performance for K2O
                                  analysis, all lie within +/-5 per cent error range. MgO results were within +/-10 per cent error range
                                  except for <1 per cent of the samples. Na2O samples performed well in the 32.49 %Na2O
                                  standard. Results were all inside the +/-2.5 per cent error range. However the standard containing
                                  only 1.61 %Na2O, 7 per cent of the samples were presenting more than a 10 per cent error. As is
                                  to be expected at low to very low levels for these compounds some samples present values that
                                  are out of acceptance limits. Similarly, analyses for insolubles and moisture determination, which
                                  are generally at low to very low levels, also present poorer accuracy and precision as a
                                  consequence of working close to lower detection limits of the methodologies used to make these
                                  determinations. In the case of analyses for moisture analytical quality may also be due to the
                                  exposure of the cores to varying environmental conditions. (i.e. humidity and temperature).
                                  Analytical Blanks




For personal use only
                                  Analytical blanks (coarse or fine material i.e. silica sand with negligible levels of the main elements
                                  of interest) were inserted to check for cross contamination during the pulverization and analytical
                                  stages and as a check on analytical precision and accuracy. A total of 96 blanks inserted
                                  containing K2O at 0.09 per cent, MgO at 0.0076 per cent, Na2O at 0.11 per cent and the moisture
                                  at 0.08 per cent being constituted entirely of insoluble residue at 98.98 per cent. Blanks were also
                                  employed to verify the laboratories real lower detection limits. SRC’s performance with the
                                  analytical blanks was very good. A few samples (<2 per cent) indicated some very minor
                                  contamination from earlier samples in either preparation or analyses, however the level of
                                  contamination never exceeded (0.38 %K2O) and is considered close to established analytical
                                  precision and accuracy.
                                  Site duplicates
                                  Site duplicates are included to test representativity and variability of taking two separate crushed
                                  drill core samples from the sample length of core. These duplicate samples are generated after
                                  crushing and being split off using a riffle splitter for the analytical work. 97 per cent site duplicates
                                  fell within the +/-10 per cent tolerance level for the entire suite for K2O, MgO and Na2O analyses.
                                  Laboratory Duplicates
                                  BHP Canada inserted laboratory pulp duplicates to test laboratory precision (reproducibility) of
                                  the various analyses performed. Data for the insolubles, mostly fell within the +/- 10 per cent error
                                  bars, with a few pairs falling slightly outside this when the insoluble content got below 5 per cent,
                                  more so below 2 per cent.
                                  SRC Geoanalytical Laboratories Internal QA/QC
                                  SRC Geoanalytical Laboratories also undertake internal quality control measures and data
                                  verification procedures. These included the preparation and insertion of standards one in every
                                  20 samples and laboratory duplicates (repeats), one in every 40 samples to each analytical batch.
                                  Instrumentations were calibrated according to ISO/IEC 17025. These data were reported to BHP
                                  Canada.
                                  SRC performed well with the standards as K2O, MgO and Na2O all were within 5 per cent
                                  tolerance range. Laboratory duplicate pairs all fell within +/-10 per cent with most pairs being in
                                  +/-5 per cent error ranges for K2O, MgO and Na2O.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 68



                                  Data Verification
                                  The assay data collected by BHP Canada were checked against geophysical logging data for
                                  every drill hole. This process provides additional verification of the collected assay sample data.
                                  For the validation of SRC’s analyses, a subset of 193 samples was analyzed by another
                                  geoanalytical laboratory (SGS Lakefield), and compared to the SRC results. As previously
                                  mentioned, SRC’s analytical method is ICP-OES. However, the analytical method used by SGS
                                  is titration, which analyzes for K and not K2O, and the results must be converted to K2O (%K x
                                  1.2 = %K2O). Since K2O is the compound of principal interest, the %K2O determinations formed
                                  the basis of the comparison.
                                  A slight bias was noted in the SRC data, reported as slightly higher K2O values on average than
                                  SGS. Because both labs are providing very similar values for the standards, duplicate pairs and
                                  blanks, it is difficult to determine which lab is reporting the “correct” values for %K2O. However,




For personal use only
                                  this bias is minor therefore the Qualified Person’s opinion is that the analytical variation for the
                                  different %K2O determinations from the two labs is within acceptable limits of analytical variation
                                  and tolerance.
                                  Historical Drill hole data verification
                                  Historical drill holes represent approximately 50 per cent of the total drill holes, totalling 1,170
                                  samples. The analytical data associated with these historical drill holes, which had been collected
                                  in the period of 1956-1965, does not possess any QA/QC information from that period, as was
                                  typical at that time. BHP Canada has validated the quality of this analytical information through a
                                  review of the geology of the drill hole cores (relogging) and statistical comparisons against the
                                  BHP Canada collected data (3,956 samples). To ensure confidence in this historical data, BHP
                                  Canada drilled one twin hole 17 metres from a historical hole. Overall K2O grade for the LPL zone
                                  in both drill holes were in agreement. The average grade of the K2O interval in the historical hole
                                  was 26.8 per cent compared to the BHP Canada twin hole was 26.5 per cent.
                                  The statistical analysis showed that the quality of the K2O geochemical analysis done on the
                                  historical data is statistically not different from the analysis done on the BHP Canada collected
                                  samples.
                                  The statistical analysis done on the historical insoluble analysis indicated that these
                                  measurements contain a systematic bias compared to the BHP Canada data, therefore insoluble
                                  data from the historical drill holes was not used in the resource estimation.
                                  Discussion and Qualified Person’s Opinion
                                  The deposit shows limited grade variability. This is demonstrated by the relatively simple mineral
                                  composition characteristics, lack of structural complexity, and the continuous nature of the
                                  mineralization. The K2O grade average is 25.6 per cent for the historic drill holes and 25.9 per
                                  cent for the BHP Canada drill holes.
                                  Historical drill hole data was manually entered from the copies sourced from the Saskatchewan
                                  Ministry of Energy and Resources database. An internal review of the data entered against the
                                  source files was completed and entry errors corrected.
                                  BHP Canada exploration data is managed internally using processes and systems that follow the
                                  BHP Canada data management procedures and protocols. The BHP Canada potash exploration
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 69



                                  database has a security model, which restricts user access to those with supervisor approval and
                                  the system tested and reviewed yearly. All primary data sources for the drill holes are stored on
                                  a secure server that is backed up routinely.
                                  BHP Canada’s modelling work procedures require statistical checks to ensure the data used for
                                  interpretation honours the exploration database source data.
                                  In the opinion of the Qualified Person the sampling procedures and analytical data control
                                  processes undertaken by SRC ensure data of sufficient accuracy, precision and control of
                                  contamination for the main chemical elements of interest and that the data is suitable to support
                                  resource estimation. Additionally in the opinion of the Qualified Person the historical K2O values
                                  were found to be suitable to be used in resource estimation.

                        8.4     Opinion on Adequacy




For personal use only
                                  The Qualified Person’s opinion is that drill core logging, core sample selection, preparation, assay,
                                  and security measures taken to ensure the validity and integrity of the samples and all QA/QC
                                  measures during these stages in both historical drilling and BHP Canada exploration drilling are
                                  adequate and acceptable. Data collection and quality is to industry best practices to support the
                                  current resource model and is adequate in terms of accuracy and precision for the main elements
                                  of interest, K2O, MgO, and Na2O at the level of interest.

                        8.5     Non-Conventional Industry Practice
                                  There were no procedures followed that are not part of conventional potash industry practices.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 70



                        9       Data Verification

                        9.1     Data Verification Procedures
                        9.1.1 External Reviews
                                  As confirmation of the mineral reserve and resource process, third-party consultants are
                                  occasionally hired to perform verification studies. The Jansen Mineral Resources were most
                                  recently reviewed by an independent third party in May 2020. That review included database
                                  checks and concluded that the database supporting the geological information of the resource
                                  estimate is complete and complies with mining industry standards. The review did not identify any
                                  major issues with the geological model or resource estimate. All issues identified have been
                                  addressed and no update to the resource estimate has been made. No changes in the geological
                                  modelling or resource estimate processes have been implemented since the 2020 review.




For personal use only
                                  Assay database verification was undertaken by a contracted database company hosting the
                                  acQuire database. Any new data input into the database underwent strict verification to ensure
                                  the data was accurate. Any issues with data caused the database to reject the dataset and an
                                  error report was generated to reflect any issues with import. When this occurred, the data was
                                  corrected by a BHP Canada representative in charge of the database maintenance and re-
                                  imported. Administrative access to the database was restricted to a single user.
                                  After the transfer of the assay data from the acQuire database to the OpenWorks database, a
                                  database verification process was carried out to ensure that the data was transferred properly.
                                  During the currently ongoing OpenWorks to EPOS data transfer, similar QA/QC processes were
                                  put in place to check the data integrity and potential errors.
                                  In 2006 and 2007 extensive review of historical holes were conducted by NorthRim Exploration.

                        9.1.2 Internal Reviews
                                  An independent internal review of the sampling and data collection was undertaken after the
                                  completion of the BHP Canada drilling program at Jansen in 2012, and on the geophysical data
                                  collection and interpretation in 2015. QP’s had been involved in reviews. No material risks to the
                                  project were identified and all key recommendations have been completed.
                                  A twin hole was drilled 17 metres away from one historical drill hole and the results were
                                  compared. The grade difference was within an acceptable range.
                                  A self-audit was performed by the QP for historical drill hole geochemical data in the database
                                  back to the original data to verify the quality of the original manual database input in 2019. Overall,
                                  the historical drill hole database geochemical entry error was negligible. In summary, data
                                  verification for the Jansen has been performed by BHP Canada staff, and external consultants
                                  contracted by BHP Canada.

                        9.2     Limitations
                                  Excessive drill holes are not desirable in potash mining as they may present a risk for an inflow
                                  by connecting mine openings to the above or below aquifers. The spacing between drill holes is
                                  approximately 3.6 kilometres. However, the drill hole spacing is supported by both geological
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 71



                                  considerations and aligned with Saskatchewan Potash industry practices. The drilling program
                                  was supported with 3D seismic surveys for detailed resource characterization.

                        9.3     Opinion on Data Adequacy
                                  The historical data collected (1956-1965) has no QA/QC data available. BHP Canada has verified
                                  the quality of this information through a review of the geology of the cores (relogging) and
                                  statistical comparisons against the BHP Canada collected data (3,956 samples). It is the Qualified
                                  Person’s opinion that the historical K2O values are suitable to be used in resource estimation. The
                                  statistical analysis done on the historical insoluble analysis indicated that these measurements
                                  contain a systematic bias compared to the BHP Canada data, therefore insoluble data from the
                                  historical drill holes was not used in the resource estimation.
                                  The Qualified Person’s opinion is that Jansen drill hole data and other supporting geological data




For personal use only
                                  align with accepted industry practices and are adequate for use in mineral reserve and mineral
                                  resource estimation.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 72



                        10      Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing
                                Metallurgical testing for the Jansen project occurred in several phases. The initial test work was
                                conducted at SGS Lakefield (SGS) to investigate the amenability of the Jansen ore to recovery
                                by froth flotation and to get an estimate of the recovery that could be expected. SGS is a
                                commercial facility and is independent of BHP. The SGS test work using core samples
                                representing the LPL mining horizon of the Jansen orebody, was completed between December
                                2008 and June 2009. Additional metallurgical test work was performed initially at Eriez Flotation
                                Division, USA in 2015 to verify flotation equipment technology selection and later at the
                                Saskatchewan Research Council (SRC) in Saskatoon between August 2016 and August 2017 to
                                verify process equipment selection and process design. The SRC laboratory is independent of
                                the BHP. The ore used for the 2015-2017 test programs was from remaining Jansen drill core
                                and representative sourced ore from an operating Saskatchewan potash mine that was




For personal use only
                                determined in the QP’s opinion to be representative of the Jansen run-of-mine ore. Additional
                                supporting test work was completed in 2018 that duplicated the 2015-2017 test programs with
                                ore from the shaft sinking program which was from the Jansen LPL sub-member. The ore from
                                the 2018 testing program was determined to be representative of the Jansen run-of-mine ore in
                                components and particle size.

                        10.1 Testing and Procedures
                                  Initial metallurgical test work was performed from 2009 to 2018 to confirm assumptions and to
                                  generate process design data where none previously existed. The process design parameters
                                  requiring quantification during the test work programs included:

                                          Liberation size determination to indicate what comminution (particle size distribution) is
                                           required

                                          Influence of process water on flotation performance

                                          Effectiveness of insoluble mineral liberation processes as water insolubles must be mostly
                                           removed before flotation

                                          Reagent type, dosage, and method of application

                                          Degree of variability in potash recovery results across the ore-body under standard test
                                           conditions

                                          Recovery and product grade achievable during locked cycle tests

                                          Flotation product size distribution

                                          Settling rate of liberated insoluble minerals for equipment sizing

                                          Flotation recovery and throughput expectations with chosen flotation equipment for mass
                                           balance and equipment sizing

                                          Product leaching kinetics for equipment sizing and process design

                                          Variability testing to better understand coarse and fine flotation performance with varying
                                           feed characteristics, feed rates, equipment operating parameters, and reagent rates. This
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 73



                                           was completed to enhance understanding for process design and for programming of
                                           dynamic simulation.
                                  To determine the assays of key elements in the test work (e.g., potassium [K], sodium [Na],
                                  calcium [Ca], and magnesium [Mg]), accuracy of various analytical methods were compared,
                                  including:

                                          Atomic emission spectroscopy (AES)

                                          Atomic absorption spectroscopy (AAS)

                                          Inductively coupled plasma spectroscopy (ICP)

                                          Whole rock analysis (WRA)
                                  This comparison resulted in selecting the AES technique to determine K and Na assays, and the




For personal use only
                                  AAS technique to determine Ca and Mg assays. Analyses of water insoluble minerals within the
                                  ore (i.e., insoluble minerals) were determined using ICP scan and WRA techniques.
                                  Key data generated from the early metallurgical test program, in conjunction with test work
                                  performed in the later study phases was used to validate the process simulation model used for
                                  developing the Jansen processing flowsheets and mass balance.

                        10.2 Sample Representativeness
                                  For the SGS metallurgical test program, seventeen core samples from the LPL ore horizon were
                                  provided to SGS for metallurgical and mineralogical characterization.
                                  In total, 531 kilograms (kg) of samples were available for test work as 402 kg of slabbed core,
                                  plus an additional 129 kg of residual crushed core that remained after a quarter of the core from
                                  each ore horizon was crushed. After assay, samples were split out as required.
                                  Metallurgical test work and chemical characterization was performed on the following samples,
                                  which provided a relatively high degree of representativity to the ore in the Jansen ore body and
                                  planned mining areas

                                          17 individual drill holes

                                          Five regional composite samples

                                          One global composite sample
                                  Detailed mineralogical analysis and chemical characterization was performed on the following
                                  samples:

                                          Designated Head sample

                                          Insoluble mineral seams 401 through 406 from head sample

                                          Head samples of regional composite samples, including a global composite sample

                                          Metallurgical products, including flotation concentrate and tailing samples
                                  As received, the crushed reject samples were prepared separately according to their Jansen
                                  designations. Each of the reject samples from a drill hole were combined, crushed to −10 mesh
                                  (−1.70 millimetres) and rotary split into 1 kg charges for use during flowsheet development testing.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 74



                                  A single 1 kg charge from each drill hole was further riffled to produce a 150 gram sample that
                                  was submitted for chemical analysis.
                                  Samples from each drill core were ultimately crushed to −8 mesh (−2.36 millimetres), then
                                  blended and homogenized. Two 5 kg subsamples from each Jansen sample were set aside for
                                  regional composite sample preparation. The remainder of the crushed and homogenized sample
                                  from each hole was rotary split into numerous 1 kg charges for use in subsequent testing. A
                                  representative sample from each Jansen composite sample was submitted for chemical analysis.
                                  Global and regional composites designated as northern, eastern, southern, western, deep south,
                                  and global were formulated according to the geographical locations of the drill holes. Each
                                  composite sample was prepared by combining 5 kg of the core sample from each drill hole of the
                                  region. The composite samples were then riffled and rotary split into numerous representative 1
                                  kg charges for use in subsequent testing.




For personal use only
                                  Figure 10-1 shows a map of the Jansen ore-body with individual drill core sample locations and
                                  division of the ore-body into various regions by geography.




                                Figure 10-1: Geographical regions for metallurgical testing.


                                  The SGS metallurgical program consumed most of the available drill core that could provide
                                  representative samples of the entire Jansen orebody that was part of the mining plan. It provided
                                  evidence that the Jansen ore body could be processed with froth flotation and at high recoveries.
                                  Further test work used other sources of ore that are discussed below.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 75



                                  Metallurgical test work that occurred between 2015 and 2017 had ore from two sources. The first
                                  was an existing Saskatchewan potash operation that supplied BHP Canada with ore. This
                                  sourced ore was of similar potassium chloride, sodium chloride, and water insoluble grades as
                                  Jansen ore. The particle size distribution of the sourced ore was also similar to anticipated Jansen
                                  run-of-mine ore. The sourced ore came from the UPL sub-member, while BHP Canada plans to
                                  extract ore from the LPL sub-member. The differences identified in the ore from these members
                                  are not, in the opinion of the Qualified Person, significant to the test program. In particular, the
                                  UPL has higher KCl and NaCl content variations, and can have lower water insoluble content.
                                  However, any BHP Canada test work involved water insoluble removal, so water insoluble content
                                  does not impact the flotation test work in any material respect. The sourced ore characteristic that
                                  differed from Jansen ore was the components of the water insolubles and the potential impact it
                                  could have on fine flotation. The Jansen process design has a water insoluble removal circuit that
                                  ensures minimal water insolubles arrive at coarse flotation. Therefore, it is the opinion of the




For personal use only
                                  Qualified Person, that the sourced ore was representative of the Jansen ore after undergoing
                                  water insoluble removal as per the Jansen design. Accordingly, it was determined to be
                                  reasonable for the sourced ore to be used for metallurgical testing for the coarse flotation circuit,
                                  as well as the desliming/attrition scrubbing circuit. The second ore source used for test work
                                  during this period was residual Jansen drill core. The Jansen ore used in this test work program
                                  was a blended sample of residual drill core cuttings made to be representative of the ore in the
                                  Jansen mine plan. The unit operations tested with this ore were attrition scrubbing, coarse
                                  flotation, fine flotation, and fine scavenger pneumatic flotation.
                                  The 2018 metallurgical test program was conducted to further verify performance expectations in
                                  attrition-scrubbing, coarse flotation, fine flotation, scavenger pneumatic flotation, hot leaching of
                                  flotation tails, and to conduct further variability testing. The ore source for this test program was
                                  from the shaft sinking operations at Jansen. When the shaft sinking operations went through the
                                  LPL sub-member 600 tonnes of ore were taken to SRC. Separate piles of the ore were sized and
                                  assayed to allow the creation of a composite head sample that was representative of the Jansen
                                  mine plan ore. The composite head sample was representative in KCl, NaCl, and water insoluble
                                  content, as well as in particle size distribution. It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that this
                                  composite sample was representative of the future feed to the Jansen process plant, and was
                                  acceptable for this metallurgical testing program.
                                  The ore from the shaft excavation operations was also used in equipment testing with vendors.
                                  The type of testing done was for equipment sizing or for performance testing, and was carried out
                                  with the vendors. The type of testing that was done was for wet screening, centrifuge
                                  performance, thickener sizing, pipe flow kinetics, and for bulk material handling equipment. In
                                  each case BHP Canada worked with SRC and the vendors to verify that the samples used in the
                                  test programs match the material balance expectations.

                        10.3 Laboratories
                                  Test work, first conducted by SGS Lakefield to investigate potash recovery using core samples
                                  representing the LPL mining horizon of the Jansen orebody, was completed between December
                                  2008 and June 2009. Subsequent flotation test work was conducted at the Eriez Flotation
                                  Division, USA in 2015. Process design verification work was completed by the Saskatchewan
                                  Research Council (SRC) in Saskatoon between August 2016 and August 2017 on the remaining
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 76



                                  Jansen ore and a sourced ore. Additional supporting test work was completed in 2018 once the
                                  shaft sinking program reached the LPL sub-member and a bulk sample of Jansen ore was
                                  obtained. Both SGS Lakefield and SRC are independent, well respected labs that perform potash
                                  metallurgical test work for the mining industry. Both labs are ISO/IEC 17025 certified and use
                                  standards and procedures that are proven in the mining industry.

                        10.4 Relevant Results
                                  2008/2009 Test work
                                  Mineralogical and chemical characterization of head samples indicated a high degree of liberation
                                  of sylvite in all size fractions. Mineralogically limited grade-recovery curves, generated using
                                  QEMSCAN technology, indicated that a theoretical sylvite recovery of 90 per cent should be
                                  possible at the targeted grade of 60 % K2O. This has been supported by metallurgical flotation




For personal use only
                                  test work as demonstrated in the following sections.
                                  Heavy liquid testing determined the liberation size of the Jansen ore as being slightly coarser than
                                  1.18 millimetres (14 Tyler mesh), which is consistent with the sizes observed at other Saskatoon
                                  area potash mines.
                                  Following two stages of attrition scrubbing and desliming, potash recovery using a flotation
                                  process has ranged from 89.3 per cent to 95.7 per cent during variability tests performed on
                                  individual core samples, and regional composite samples. Recovery efficiencies averaging 89.7
                                  per cent with concentrate grades of 60.4 % K2O were achieved during locked cycle tests. These
                                  results were strongly aligned with GeoMet predictive analysis.
                                  2015-2017 Test work
                                  Test work was performed during this period to validate the process design changes, with the goal
                                  of verifying the same beneficiation in the process mass balance can be achieved. This involved
                                  verifying the concentrate grade and recovery could be achieved.
                                  Attrition scrubbing and cyclone desliming tests were performed to verify scrubber design
                                  parameters and to prepare samples for flotation tests.
                                  Flotation tests were performed to prove fine flotation using flotation columns, (Eriez, Flotation
                                  Division, USA; and SRC), coarse flotation using hydrofloats (Eriez, Flotation Division, USA; and
                                  SRC), and ultra-fine flotation using self-aspirated pneumatic flotation cells (SRC).
                                  Metallurgical testing was performed to verify technology selection and initial performance
                                  expectations for coarse, fine, and ultra-fine flotation technology. This testing was conducted with
                                  sourced ore due to the limited availability of BHP Canada Jansen ore. Additional metallurgical
                                  testing was performed to verify the sourced ore was representative to the Jansen ore. The results
                                  of both the sourced ore and Jansen residual drill core verified the expected recovery, concentrate
                                  grade, and performance expectations of existing Jansen process design.
                                  Ore characteristics that require discussion are water insoluble content, mineralogy, and liberation
                                  size. Water insoluble content is critical to mill design because the majority of the insolubles must
                                  be removed prior to flotation. An excess of water insolubles in flotation feed results in the water
                                  insolubles absorbing the majority of the collector (amine) resulting in poor KCl flotation. In
                                  addition, some insolubles are more hydrophobic, which cause them to resist desliming and
                                  consume more depressant reagents.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 77



                                  Neither sourced nor Jansen ore showed resistance to mechanical desliming. The sourced ore
                                  has a water insoluble content of 5 per cent to 5.6 per cent while the Jansen mine plan LPL member
                                  has a higher range of 5 per cent to 10.8 per cent, as seen in the BHP Canada design water
                                  insoluble grade of 7.44 per cent. This range was irrelevant to metallurgical testing because
                                  samples of both fine and coarse flotation testing were deslimed (water insolubles removed) prior
                                  to the testing to levels comparable to the BHP Canada design. Also, the BHP Canada desliming
                                  circuit is designed on metallurgical testing that was performed on BHP Canada Jansen ore, so it
                                  is robust enough to handle the higher water insoluble content.
                                  Liberation size needs to be considered. The Saskatchewan potash industry sees differing regional
                                  liberation, but this is not the case between the UPL member and the LPL member ores.
                                  Benchmarking of available literature shows that both members achieve 95 per cent liberation at
                                  1.2 millimetres. Metallurgical testing also shows very similar liberation curves for both LPL and




For personal use only
                                  UPL members. Therefore, it is the opinion of the Qualified Person, that use of UPL ore is
                                  acceptable to verify comparative technology selection for the BHP Canada Jansen processing
                                  facility. These tests demonstrated a range of grade-recovery points that support values used in
                                  the Jansen process design.
                                  These metallurgical tests demonstrated a performance that supports the process design for
                                  potassium chloride recovery. Testing was performed with coarse, fines, and scavenger pneumatic
                                  flotation lab-scale equipment that is representative of that used in the plant design.
                                  Reagent consumption levels during metallurgical test work were generally higher than those
                                  observed in industry, which is typical of laboratory scale testing. Reagent optimization work was
                                  performed during this period to further define consumption levels with Jansen LPL ore. However,
                                  standard Saskatchewan potash reagents were proven effective to achieve the required
                                  performance.
                                  2018 Test work
                                  In 2018 the Jansen shaft excavation program went through the LPL sub- member. This ore was
                                  saved, and the test work that was performed in 2015-2017 was performed one additional time on
                                  ore from the Jansen shafts. The whole cross section of the LPL was captured and a sample
                                  representing the Jansen mill feed was created as a head sample for assurance of previous test
                                  work programs The test work program included attrition-scrubbing tests, rougher coarse flotation
                                  tests, scavenger coarse flotation tests regrind column flotation tests, fine column flotation tests,
                                  fine scavenger pneumatic flotation tests, and hot leaching tests of flotation tails. All of the 2018
                                  tests verified the previous test work expectations, and confirmed the process design and
                                  performance expectations.
                                  The metallurgical testing results were inserted into the process simulation and the resulting
                                  simulated recovery was 89.2%.



                        10.4.1 Impact of ore variability on plant recovery
                                  Ore grade variability can impact plant recovery, and also the amounts of different reagents
                                  required. However, it is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the limited range of ore variability
                                  indicated in the mine plan can be easily managed with the existing process design.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 78



                        10.5 Adequacy of Data and Non-Conventional Industry Practice
                                  The Qualified Person validates that conventional practices were used in the metallurgical test
                                  work, process simulation, and evaluation of results. The only area that moved away from
                                  convention was in using a bulk ore sample for the final process design metallurgical test work.
                                  The initial 2008/2009 samples, that were representative of the whole orebody, were used up in
                                  the metallurgical testing at SGS that was based on the initial process design. As BHP Canada
                                  continued engineering, the design of the flotation circuits changed from bulk flotation to
                                  fines/coarse flotation. There was inadequate Jansen sample available for the complete
                                  metallurgical test work program, so purchased ore was used, and confirmation test work was
                                  done with a small amount of Jansen drill core available. The construction of the shafts also
                                  provided an additional opportunity to test the process design with Jansen ore. A bulk sample was
                                  obtained from the Jansen shaft excavation of LPL ore. This ore was analyzed to verify that it was




For personal use only
                                  geologically similar to the representative ore that had been drilled previously. The metallurgical
                                  test program was then duplicated using Jansen ore, and the Qualified Person validates that the
                                  results were as expected and previously reported.

                        10.6 Opinion on Influence for Economic Extraction
                                  In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the data derived from the various sources detailed above
                                  is adequate for design of processing facilities and provides suitable product grade/recovery
                                  predictions for use in production rates. Confidence is further increased with the use of proven
                                  equipment in the potash industry and numerous Saskatchewan companies processing ore of
                                  similar composition.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 79



                        11      Mineral Resources Estimates
                                  The resource estimation process that BHP Canada follows is well established, consistent with
                                  industry practices, and is based on the integration of 3D seismic data and drill hole information.
                                  A set of procedures governs geological interpretation, estimation, and reporting of Mineral
                                  Resources including peer reviews. Documentation of the resource modelling work used for
                                  reporting is stored electronically in a secure centralised location. These documents contain
                                  information on deposit extents, geometry, detailed geological and geostatistical modelling, data
                                  preparation including compositing, and classification parameters.
                                  The Mineral Resource qualified persons visited the sites regularly for program planning and
                                  reviews, gaining further understanding of the exploration program.

                        11.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters, and Methods Used




For personal use only
                                  Cut-off parameters
                                  The Mineral Resources are constrained stratigraphically, from the top of the 406 clay seam
                                  contact with the salt unit to a thickness of 3.96 metres. This thickness corresponds on average to
                                  the thickness measured from the top of the 406 clay seam to the bottom of the 402 clay seam.
                                  The style of mineralization and the mining method does not support selective mining based on
                                  quality cut-off values. The horizontal extent of the resource is defined by the occurrence of
                                  mapped anomalies and by a boundary that is 800 metres away from the lease edge.
                                  Mining factor

                                  The mineralization will be mined with continuous boring machines in a single pass within the
                                  stratigraphic bounds of the seam. During mining, it is expected that dilution from low-grade
                                  material cut from outside the stratigraphic markers may occur to maintain ground stability. The
                                  dilution is accounted for in the Mineral Reserves. Areas containing large numbers of hazardous
                                  geological features which do not allow practical extraction with the proposed mining method, are
                                  not included in the resource (Figure 7-2, Figure 11-2).
                                  Metallurgical factors
                                  Carnallite anomalies are mapped and included in the resource model with appropriate
                                  mineralogical parameters, as magnesium from the carnallite can interfere with ore processing.
                                  Insoluble content is also included as a resource model parameter because insoluble material is
                                  required to be removed during processing.
                                  The moisture content of the LPL sub-member is estimated to be 0.3 per cent based on analytical
                                  testing.
                                  Environmental factors
                                  Brine waste from the processing operation planned to be disposed into an aquifer approximately
                                  400 metres below the LPL mining horizon.
                                  The solid salt waste from processing will be temporarily stored on the surface in a tailings
                                  management area, together with the insoluble fraction of the mineralization.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 80



                                  The estimation of these volumes is based on the resource and subsequent reserve model
                                  parameters, and environmental precipitation model. The related Environmental Impact Statement
                                  has been submitted to, and approved by, the Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment.

                        11.2 Geological Modelling
                                  Geological modelling techniques employed by BHP rely on the close integration of drill hole data
                                  and 3D seismic information, including quantitative interpretation of seismic data.
                                  Drill hole data interpretation is based on drill core and collected downhole geophysical data.
                                  Detailed mapping of geology relies on the identification of clay seams and related features and is
                                  based on visual core logging, geochemical assay data (BHP Canada and historical drill holes),
                                  and geophysical data from BHP Canada drill holes, including high-resolution acoustic televiewer
                                  data.




For personal use only
                                  The 3D seismic data is first matched to drill hole data using standard geophysical techniques.
                                  This is followed by the mapping of geological horizons throughout the seismic volume and by the
                                  identification and mapping of structural geological features.
                                  Quantitative interpretation of the 3D seismic data includes inversion of the seismic data using
                                  advanced seismic techniques to generate volumes of physical properties (Acoustic Impedance
                                  and Density) that reflect the mineralogical composition of the deposit and surrounding geology.
                                  Mineralization domains are established based on information generated by the quantitative
                                  interpretation information. The domains within the LPL Mineral Resources include: the
                                  mineralization, areas of extensive no-potash anomalies, carnallite anomalies, and areas with
                                  structural features that pose a hazard to mining. The established domains are verified against drill
                                  hole data.
                                  The geological model also includes geotechnical features present immediately above the mining
                                  horizon.
                                  Drill hole and seismic data interpretations undergo an internal peer review process to ensure
                                  accuracy and consistency. Datasets are cross-checked and verified against each other to ensure
                                  the consistency of interpretation.

                        11.3 Block Modelling
                                  Due to the horizontally continuous nature of the deposit, lack of structural complexity, and
                                  proposed extraction method, the resource is modelled on a 2D grid. The resource is divided into
                                  layers, or plies, based on geological factors and mining constraints. The primary and thickest
                                  layer contains the bulk of the resource and the highest grade. Additional thinner layers above and
                                  below are included to model the resource outside of the main zone. The schematic diagram of
                                  the model layering setup is shown in Figure 11-1.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 81




For personal use only
                                Figure 11-1: Schematics of the block model set up for resource modelling. The model is referenced
                                            from the 406 seam, approximate location of the 402 and 401 seams are also shown for
                                            reference.


                                  Drill hole data preparation for resource modelling starts with identification and recording of clay
                                  seam locations, followed by the compositing of geochemical assays and physical property data
                                  from well logs over the defined model layers. For example, geochemical data at the wells from
                                  the top of the 406 seam down to 3.56 metres was composited by sample length weighted
                                  averaging and assigned to Ply#1. Intervals with missing data are automatically excluded from the
                                  process. Correlations between physical properties of the resource are established and noted for
                                  use during the resource estimation process.
                                  Information from the inverted seismic volume is extracted for the LPL level. This information,
                                  together with the composited drill hole data, are used to generate the resource model. The
                                  modelling grid spatial dimension is set to 30 metres by 30 metres, which corresponds to the
                                  seismic survey bin size. This ensures that the full detail of the geological information, captured by
                                  the seismic survey, is used in the resource modelling process.
                                  The estimation of qualities (K2O, MgO, insoluble) and density was performed using the co-located
                                  co-kriging approach, where the hard data are the composited drill hole information, and the soft
                                  data are the seismic information. This methodology allows the integration of high-resolution
                                  seismic data and sparse drill hole data without the loss of spatial resolution, and an increase in
                                  the confidence in the estimate due to integration of all available data.
                                  Parameters for the estimation that describe the spatial continuity of the deposit, variogram range,
                                  nugget and sill, were obtained from the physical property map of the inverted seismic data. The
                                  sensitivity of the Resource Model to the uncertainty in the estimation parameters was tested and
                                  considered in the resource classification. The large and sparse drill hole spacing does not allow
                                  the estimation of spatial continuity in a reliable manner. The modelled deposit qualities (K2O,
                                  MgO, insoluble, and density) are estimated in a sequential manner to ensure the observed
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 82



                                  correlations among them are preserved. In carnallite domains, the grade and physical property
                                  values are assigned to cells due to the limited data availability from drill holes. In no-potash
                                  domains the grade is assigned and physical property values co-estimated.
                                  The moisture content of the potash was considered extremely low and showed little variability and
                                  was estimated by averaging the analytical results.
                                  Geological features that are important for geotechnical consideration and are not imageable by
                                  the seismic methodology, are modelled based on drill hole intersections using geostatistical
                                  techniques. The modelling parameters used were established based on the recommendation of
                                  internal experienced subject matter experts.
                                  Outside of the 3D seismic area the qualities and tonnages of the resource are estimated based
                                  on limited information. In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the resource quality of the LPL is
                                  consistent over large areas, therefore it is reasonable to expect that the inferred resource quality




For personal use only
                                  and thickness is very similar to the measured resource. Hence, the reported qualities of the
                                  Measured Resource are assigned to the Inferred Resource. Geological features and anomalies
                                  identified on the 2D lines are used to exclude areas without mineralization and estimate the
                                  available tonnage based on the remainder area.
                                  The Qualified Person considers that the resource estimation process is adequate to support the
                                  Jansen Mineral Resource estimates.

                        11.4 Validation
                                  Validation of the estimates include:

                                          visual and diagrams-based validation of models to check ranges, outliers, unexpected
                                           model behaviour

                                          global statistical comparison of volume weighted average cell grades to both raw and de-
                                           clustered drill hole grades

                                          comparison to previous resource estimates

                                          comparison of resource model predictions to post exploration drilling (Disposal zone
                                           testing and monitoring, brine injection) results

                                          comparison to regional resource information available outside of the Jansen lease
                                  The resource quality data tabulated from different sources (Table 11-1) demonstrate that the
                                  estimated resource qualities from the resource model are well aligned with the exploration data.
                                  Based on the conducted validations it is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the resource
                                  model is appropriate for resource estimation and well supported by the available exploration data.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 83


                                Table 11-1: Comparison of drill hole, declustered (area weighted drill hole), and resource model
                                 K2O values from Ply#1.
                                                                                           Standard
                                   % K2O                Min      Max    Mean   Median                    # of data points
                                                                                           deviation
                                   Drill hole data      22.3     30.7   26.4    26.3          1.8               38
                                   Area
                                   weighted drill       22.3     30.7   26.2    26.1          1.7               38
                                   hole data
                                   Resource
                                                        22.3     31.5   26.2    26.3          0.3            805,230
                                   model
                                   % Insoluble
                                   Drill hole data      5.1      10.3   7.2     6.8           1.6               23
                                   Area
                                   weighted drill       5.1      10.3   7.1     6.6           1.5               23
                                   hole data
                                   Resource
                                                        5.1      10.3   7.8     7.8           0.1            805,230
                                   model




For personal use only
                        11.5 Cut-Off Grades Estimates
                                  The LPL deposit is vertically confined by sharp stratigraphically defined mineralization boundaries
                                  and has spatially consistent quality. The material is believed to be economical within the defined
                                  boundaries based on pricing developed within the market study section of this report (Section 16).
                                  Due to this there is no cut-off grade applied.

                        11.6 Reasonable Prospect for Economic Extraction (RPEE)
                                  The Inferred Mineral Resource extends around the Measured Mineral Resources Figure 11-2.
                                  Key assumptions that support the potential economic extraction of the Inferred Resources include
                                  (but are not limited to):

                                              The resource will be mined with the same methodology as the current Mineral Reserves

                                              The Inferred Resource will be accessed by extending the current Mine Design

                                              The qualities of the Inferred Resource are expected to be closely aligned with the
                                               qualities of the Measured Resources that have been converted to Probable Reserves.
                                               This is supported by the already described consistent nature of the deposit and available,
                                               albeit limited in the Inferred Resources area, exploration data, and

                                              The modifying factors and price assumptions of the current Mineral Reserves are
                                               applicable to the Inferred Resources
                                  It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the major barrier that might hinder the potential
                                  extraction of the Inferred Resources are the unmapped anomalous geological features that are
                                  present within the Inferred Resource or the features that would prevent access to the Inferred
                                  Resource from the current Mine Design. Further exploration work, primarily 3D seismic, will be
                                  required in the Inferred Mineral Resource area to upgrade it to Measured category, and potentially
                                  to Mineral Reserves.

                        11.7 Resource Classification and Criteria
                                  The classification of Mineral Resources takes in account two main factors:

                                             exploration data coverage (2D seismic, 3D seismic, and drill hole data)
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 84



                                          estimation uncertainty
                                  There is no industry wide classification available for Saskatchewan potash. The classification
                                  below has been developed by BHP Canada.
                                  Measured
                                  The resource estimate is classified as measured when it is based on a resource model that
                                  integrates 3D seismic and drill hole information and the estimated uncertainty of predicted
                                  tonnage and grade estimates are less than ±10 per cent over an approximate annual production
                                  area.
                                  Indicated
                                  The resource estimate is classified as indicated when it is based on a resource model that
                                  integrates 3D seismic and drill hole information and the estimated uncertainty of predicted




For personal use only
                                  tonnage and grade estimates are less than ±15 per cent over an approximate annual production
                                  area.
                                  Inferred
                                  The resource is classified as Inferred where the presence of the intact Prairie Evaporite Formation
                                  is confirmed by 2D seismic data with line spacing no wider than 4,000 metres and a sufficient
                                  number of drill hole intersections are available to infer the presence of the LPL sub-member.
                                  The areal extent of the classified Mineral Resources is shown in Figure 11-2.
                                  Zones within the tenure boundary that have not been classified represent areas where no
                                  mineralization is present due to the presence of carnallite or no-potash anomalies, areas of
                                  hazardous geological features, stand-off around tenure boundaries, or where BHP Canada does
                                  not have tenure rights.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 85




For personal use only

                                Figure 11-2: Plan of the Jansen LPL classified Mineral Resource. Note that only Measured Resource
                                            has been converted to Mineral Reserves. White areas are not part of the resource.

                        11.8 Uncertainty
                                  Jansen Measured Resource
                                  Uncertainty of the measured resource was assessed using statistical techniques. Models of the
                                  measured resource estimate with different probabilities were generated to quantify the uncertainty
                                  in resource qualities and geological features relevant for geotechnical considerations. These
                                  resource estimates were used to generate uncertainty estimates for the Mineral Reserves. Five
                                  measured resource models were generated:

                                          Minimum case – 99 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate

                                          Low case – 90 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 86



                                          Mid case – 50 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate. Reported
                                           resource qualities are based on this estimate

                                          High case – 10 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate

                                          Maximum case – 1 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate
                                  The sources of uncertainty for the measured resource qualities are:

                                          Finite number of physical samples obtained with drilling

                                          Relatively small size of the physical samples compared to the nature of the mineralization
                                  The sources of uncertainty of geological features relevant for geotechnical considerations are:

                                          Finite number of core samples obtained with drilling

                                      




For personal use only
                                           Relatively large distance between drill holes compared to the features size
                                  The outline of geological features identified on the 3D seismic image has uncertainties that are
                                  related to the spatial resolution of the seismic data. Uncertainties in these boundaries are not
                                  material to the measured resource as they have minimal impact on the reported tonnage. The
                                  impact of their uncertainty on mine design is considered in the Mineral Reserves.
                                  Jansen Inferred resource
                                  The area classified as inferred resource has limited exploration drilling data and only sparsely
                                  spaced 2D seismic lines. The inferred resource tonnage has a high degree of uncertainty as the
                                  extent and number of anomalous and hazardous geological features are unknown. The Qualified
                                  Person’s opinion is that this uncertainty is adequately reflected in the inferred classification of the
                                  area.

                        11.9 Mineral Resource Statement
                                  Table 11-2 contains the statement of Mineral Resources for Jansen as at 30 June 2024. A
                                  detailed breakdown of the Mineral Resources by individual deposit, classification and material
                                  type is presented on an exclusive basis (i.e. exclusive of those Mineral Resources that have been
                                  converted to Mineral Reserves).
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                    Page 87


                                        Table 11-2: Jansen – Summary of Potash (Exclusive) Mineral Resources (as at 30th June 2024)
                                                   Measured Mineral                    Indicated Mineral                    Measured + Indicated               Inferred Mineral Resources
                                                   Resources                           Resources                            Mineral Resources
                                                   Tonnes           Qualities          Tonnes            Qualities          Tonnes         Qualities           Tonnes            Qualities


                            Potash1,2
                                                                      %Insol.   %MgO                       %Insol.   %MgO                     %Insol.   %MgO                        %Insol.   %MgO
                                                   Mt                                  Mt                                   Mt                                 Mt
                                                             %K2O                                 %K2O                                %K2O                                %K2O
                                        Mining
                                        method
                         Canada
                         Jansen,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10
                          LPL             UG            –   –         –         –           –     –         –        –           –     –       –        –      1,280     25.6      7.7        0.08
                         Total potash                   –   –         –         –           –     –         –        –           –     –       –        –      1,280     25.6      7.7        0.08
                        (1) Mineral resources are being reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
                             interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
                        (2) Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
                        (3) Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
                        (4) The point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
                        (5) Mineral resources estimate was based on a potash price of US$391/t (Real 2024 basis).




For personal use only
                        (6) Mineral resources are stated for the Lower Patient Lake (LPL) potash unit and using a seam thickness of 3.96 m from the top of 406 clay
                            seam.
                        (7) Mineral resources are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 88%.
                        (8) Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a
                             mineralogical conversion factor of 1.583.
                        (9) Mineral resources tonnages are reported on an in situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
                        (10) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                              reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based
                              upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to
                              change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
                              The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to “Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements” at the front
                              of this Technical Report Summary.




                        11.10 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
                                         Estimates of Inferred Mineral Resources have significant geological uncertainty and it should not
                                         be assumed that all or any part of an Inferred Mineral Resource will be converted to Measured or
                                         Indicated categories with further work. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not
                                         meet the threshold for reserve modifying factors, such as estimated economic viability, that would
                                         allow for conversion to mineral reserves.
                                         In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the relative accuracy and therefore confidence of the resource
                                         estimates is deemed appropriate for their intended purpose of global resource reporting and
                                         medium to long-term mine planning studies. The factors influencing the accuracy and confidence
                                         as stated in Section 11.7 are taken into consideration during classification of the model and are
                                         therefore addressed by the Qualified Person in the attributed resource classification.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 88



                        12      Mineral Reserve Estimates
                                  The Jansen Mineral Reserves are summarized from the approved Life of Asset (LoA) plan for the
                                  Jansen mine was completed in Fiscal Year 2024 (FY24) in accordance with the BHP requirements
                                  for Major Capital Projects. The Jansen potash project mineral resource model and mineral
                                  resource estimate have been used for the mine planning and conversion to the Mineral Reserves
                                  as at 30 June 2024. The LoA plan incorporates:

                                          Scheduling material movements from designed final mining excavation plans with a set of
                                           internal development sequences, based on the results of the resource evaluation process;

                                          Planned production from scheduled deliveries to processing facilities, considering
                                           metallurgical recoveries, and planned processing rates and activities;

                                          Capital and operating cost estimates for achieving the planned production;




For personal use only
                                          Assumptions for major commodity prices and other key consumable usage estimates;

                                          Revenues and cash flow estimates;

                                          Financial analysis including tax considerations.
                                  Mineral reserves have been evaluated considering the modifying factors for conversion of
                                  measured and indicated resource classes into proven and probable reserves. The details of the
                                  relevant modifying factors included in the estimation of mineral reserves are discussed in the
                                  following section.

                        12.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods Used
                                  The deposit is relatively two-dimensional (laterally extensive and relatively thin) and is “soft rock”
                                  thus amenable to mining using track-mounted boring machines, roof-mounted or floor-mounted
                                  conveying systems, and ancillary rubber-tired mining and transport equipment. The primary
                                  method of extraction is continuous mining using long room and pillar method within the LPL sub-
                                  member.
                                  The mine is designed to reduce the risk of water inflow from overlying aquifers and to provide
                                  room stability for safe working conditions and managed through varying the extraction ratio
                                  relative to the life of the entry. Production panel mining extraction ratio ranges between 41 per
                                  cent and 44 per cent and long term travelways are planned to have a reduced extraction ratio of
                                  approximately 10 per cent for stress shielding. Further reduction in extraction ratio occurs with
                                  the placement of panels relative to one another to reduce the influence of stress. This is achieved
                                  through establishing pillars between active and future zones of mining, which is shown in
                                  Figure 12-1. Pillar dimensions are noted in Table 12-1. Production mining room widths are
                                  expected to be 12 metres.
                                  The geotechnical parameters have been supported and developed by external consultants and
                                  the Jansen Geotechnical Qualified Person. The parameters were developed after empirical and
                                  numerical modelling analysis, including benchmarking studies of the deposit assessing; the
                                  geological conditions, depth, extraction ratio, extraction rates, and expected useful life of the
                                  entries. The pillar widths are based upon the study outcomes and recommendations, and guide
                                  the mine design, with depth and overburden type forming the calculation basis of the in situ stress
                                  for the Prairie Evaporite. Pillars within the mining horizon are used to enable safe mining of
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                   Page 89



                                  entries, maintain entry stability throughout their required life, and maintain the integrity of the
                                  overlying strata.




For personal use only
                                Figure 12-1: Naming convention and typical arrangement of pillars


                                Table 12-1: Mine Design Modifying Factors
                                                 Modifying factor               Pillar Distance (m)                       Note
                                   Shaft (pillar diameter)                      4,000                 Production mining exclusion zone

                                   Mainline development                         100
                                   Block development                            60

                                   Advance mining                               500                   Function of distance to end of mining block

                                   Panel to development                         150

                                   Abutment                                     150

                                   Barrier                                      300

                                   Town limit                                   500                   Standoff from demarked town limit
                                   Collapse Anomaly– (Severity Class 1, 2, 3)   300, 300, 50          Refer to Section 6.4 and Figure 7-22,

                                   Drill Holes                                  180, 100              Historical refers to all holes pre 2008
                                   – Historic, BHP (pillar diameter)
                                   Brine disposal well (pillar diameter)        200
                                   Production panel pillar                      15 to 17              Depth dependent




                                  Mechanically-anchored rock bolts are the planned ground support method for the mine. The
                                  support design is based on overlying salt beam thickness and/or a change in material
                                  characteristics. The salt beam thickness is the distance from roof to the next overlying clay seam
                                  or plane of weakness. When the overlying strata is thinner than the practical limit of rock bolt
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 90



                                  ground support, the strata will be excavated and become part of the processing stream as dilution.
                                  The design of the mine excavations is not driven by roof beam thickness prediction models. Roof
                                  beam thickness thresholds are listed in Table 12-2. The Mineral Reserve estimate is considered
                                  to be fully diluted for reporting purposes and a reference point of Run of Mine ore delivered to the
                                  Mill for processing.
                                Table 12-2: Roof beam thickness thresholds
                                        Entry Type                 Cut               Bolt            Planned Overcut

                                   Production                   0 to 30 cm       30 to 50 cm              10 cm

                                   Development                  0 to 50 cm         >50 cm                 10 cm




                                  The mine design shapes are outlined in two dimensions with their position optimised on a lease




For personal use only
                                  wide scale to maximise the conversion of mineral resources, production tonnes to the
                                  development required, and capital efficiency of the bulk materials handling system. The mine
                                  design shapes are populated with the ply information from the resource model characteristics and
                                  the respective roof dilution guided by the aforementioned roof beam thickness thresholds and
                                  loaded into the mine planning model. The thickness of the planned overcut from the target roof
                                  strata is expected to be 10 centimetres.
                                  Major geological features such as collapse anomalies, carnallite, and large leach areas indicate
                                  the areas where mine excavations are to be avoided. Some smaller scale anomalies are included
                                  within the mine design and therefore in plant feed. This dilution is unavoidable since no waste
                                  handling system exists. The combined dilution tonnage of planned carnallite zones and no-potash
                                  anomalies is less than 10 million tonnes.
                                  The excavation sequence (Figure 13-5) is determined within the mine planning model. The mine
                                  layout is divided into four districts, with active mining planned in three districts at any given time.
                                  Mining will begin in the East, North, and West Districts. The mine schedule does not plan for
                                  losses through abandonment of mining rooms. The tonnage and volume based consumables
                                  from the mine planning model are used in the calculation of the mine operating expenses, and
                                  serve as the trigger for maintenance based outages such as equipment rebuild cycles.
                                  The mine planning model is limited in the breadth of scope, and as a result simplifies the operation
                                  of the hoist and processing plant, and excludes all activities further downstream of the processing
                                  plant. The Production Volume Estimate (PVE) is a simulation model of the entire Jansen Value
                                  Chain; mine face through to ship loading which considers variability and correlation within and
                                  between activities. The Expected production rates are a result of the PVE model and represent
                                  the most likely production rate of the entire Jansen Value Chain. The mine planning model is
                                  explicitly linked to the resource model and generates a deterministic ore grade profile which is
                                  used in the Economic Evaluation. The PVE model is not linked to the resource model and
                                  therefore cannot produce a corresponding grade profile to the Expected production.
                                  The estimation of the Mineral Reserve does not include the use of Inferred Resources or Indicated
                                  Resources.
                                  As described in Section 16, the through-cycle price average is estimated using Nutrien Ltd. (nee
                                  Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc.) quarterly published offshore and onshore realised
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 91



                                  prices during 2008-2023. A longer duration is considered to establish the through cycle average
                                  price, with the upswing average from 2008 to 2013, a downside average from 2014 to 2020, and
                                  the emergence of a ‘Fourth Wave’ of pricing beginning in 2021 as shown in Figure 16-3. An
                                  average price calculation method was used to preserve the upswing and downswing pricing in
                                  the pricing cycle. After accounting for product type and geographical sales mix to a Jansen
                                  operation equivalent, the average price is US$391/t FOB mine (Saskatoon, Real 2024 basis).
                                  Price assumptions are discussed further in Section 16.
                                  In this Qualified Person’s opinion, it is appropriate to the commodity to use a through-cycle
                                  average price trend to estimate a reasonable reflection of the long-term potash market
                                  fundamentals. The drivers of the Potash market are more foundational and largely attributed to
                                  population, diet, and soil fertility. Short term pricing swings are largely attributed to weather,
                                  government policy, and local farm economics.




For personal use only
                                  The operating cost estimate for Jansen, outlined in Section 18.2, is developed to a pre-feasibility
                                  level of accuracy. The estimate includes all costs spanning from the mining face underground to
                                  the loading of product to rail at the site. The majority of the direct capital cost estimate is based
                                  on engineering designs, and the majority of the direct bulks and equipment supply pricing are
                                  based on budget pricing from the market. Operating expenses estimates, sustaining capital, and
                                  project capital cost estimates are detailed in Section 19.

                        12.2 Cut-Off Grades Estimates
                                  The orebody gently undulates over large distances, has well defined boundary conditions, and
                                  has a reasonably consistent ore grade over the Jansen lease with mining occurring on a single
                                  level. The cut-off grade has been estimated at 8.1 %K2O and considers mining 1,070 Mt over the
                                  life of the mine using the price and cost data outlined in Section 19 - Economic Analysis, and mid
                                  case mining parameters shown in Table 12-6. The cut-off grade is a calculated value within the
                                  economic analysis model. The economic model intakes the expected production profile shown in
                                  Figure 13-4, and sequentially reduces the run of mine ore grade over the life of mine, until the
                                  calculated Net Present Value equals zero.
                                  The Minimum range case, shown in Table 12-6, has aggressive overcut conditions with a
                                  complete removal of all Shadow band types when present, 20 centimetre overcut in all instances,
                                  and a fixed 4 metre production room cut height which cuts low grade material. Achieving a run of
                                  mine grade that approaches the calculated cut-off grade is believed to be unlikely and holds the
                                  assumption that no mitigating actions to improve grade are taken or successful over the life of
                                  mine.
                                  The economic viability of the Mineral Reserve has been tested against a range of commodity
                                  prices, with detail available in Section 19. The basis for the price forecast is outlined in Section
                                  16 of this report.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                 Page 92



                                  Table 12-3: Assumptions / Estimates for Cut-off Grade1
                                     Assumption / Estimate                       Units           Value           Comment
                                     Potash price                                US$/t           391             2024 Real basis. FOB Mine
                                                                                                                 3 year historic average (Jul ’20 through
                                     Exchange rate CA$/US$                                       1.30
                                                                                                                 Jun ’23)
                                     Mill recovery                               %               88
                                     Mining cost                                 US$/t           1
                                     Processing cost                             US$/t           9
                                     Administration and other cost               US$/t           23
                                     Fixed Costs                                 US$/t           43
                                     Sustaining Capital                          US$/t           13
                                     Total cost                                  US$/t           90
                                     Discount Rate                               %               7.0




For personal use only
                                     Cut-off grade                               % K2O           8.1



                                  Table 12-4: List of Cut-offs Currently in Use
                                     Area / Deposit           Ore Type         Mineral Reserve Cut-off grade            Comments
                                     Jansen                   Potash           8.1 % K2O



                                   Ranging occurred throughout the Jansen Project development, with the latest exercise
                                   independently facilitated with a broadened external industry engagement, constraining the
                                   timeframe considered to remove the effects of mitigations, and aligned to BHP’s Ranging
                                   Guidelines. The Key Value Drivers (KVDs) of the project are found in Table 12-5. A mine
                                   schedule was developed for the Minimum, Low, High, and Maximum range scenarios, which
                                   determined the tonnes and grade per period, and the total minable tonnes. A summary of ranged
                                   dilution values and resource grade are shown in Table 12-6.




                        1 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                        reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
                        Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
                        assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
                        information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
                        Report Summary.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                      Page 93


                                Table 12-5: Jansen Project Key Value Drivers
                                   Area               Key Value Driver
                                   Mine               Borer Cutting Rate (tph)                             Relocation Duration (hrs/event)
                                                      Borer Failure Rate (%)                               Turnaround Relocation (hrs/event)
                                                      Extendable Belt System (EBS) Failure Rate (%)        Bit Change Duration (hrs/event)
                                                      Conveyor Failure Rate (%)                            EBS Extension Duration (hrs/event)
                                                      Shift Change (hrs/day)
                                   Hoist              Scheduled Downtime (hrs)                             Skip Cycle Time (seconds / cycle)
                                                      Unscheduled Downtime (hrs)
                                   Processing         Dilution (%K2O loss)                                 Dissolution losses (%)
                                                      Scheduled Downtime (hrs)                             Fines flotation recovery rate (%)
                                                      Unscheduled downtime (hrs)                           Coarse rougher flotation recovery rate (%)
                                                      Ore feed rate (tph)
                                   Rail               Overseas – Transit cycle time (hrs)                  Overseas – Non-transit cycle time (hrs)
                                   OPEX               Mine Production (# FTE)                              Operations Support ($/FTE)
                                                      Mine Maintenance (# FTE)                             Indirect labour ($)
                                                      Surface Maintenance (# FTE)                          Mine Sustaining Capital ($)
                                                      Mine Production ($/FTE)                              Process Sustaining Capital ($)




For personal use only
                                                      Mine Maintenance ($/FTE)                             Export Rail Freight & Fuel ($)
                                                      Surface Maintenance ($/FTE)



                                Table 12-6: Range cases – Grade summary
                                          KVD           Min (P99)    Low (P90)      Expected            Mid (basis for         High (P10)      Max (P1)
                                                                                                      Mineral Reserves)
                                    Shadow band         100% cut      50% cut          N/A            Dev. Cut 0-50cm; Prod.     Cut 0-         Bolt all
                                                                                                           Cut 0-30cm            20cm
                                        Global             15            15            N/A                     10                  5               0
                                    overcut (cm)
                                      Extraction           30            37            N/A                     44                 50              70
                                      Ratio (%)
                                     Inter Panel           300          150            N/A                    100                 100             50
                                    pillar (metres)
                                     Inter block           300          300            N/A                    300                 100             50
                                    pillar (metres)
                                    Panel room             400          800            N/A                   1,800               2,500          6,000
                                        length
                                       (metres)
                                     Resultant             4.0          3.6            1.8                     1.2                0.9            0.7
                                      Dilution
                                      (%K2O)
                                     Resource             25.3          25.7           26.2                   26.1               26.7            27.0
                                       grade
                                      (%K2O)
                                     Resultant            21.3          22.1           24.8                   24.9               25.8            26.3
                                    RoM (%K2O)



                        12.3 Reserves Classification and Criteria
                                  The Probable Mineral Reserves are comprised of Measured Mineral Resources because the
                                  targeted mineralised zone has not been exposed to any significant degree to validate the
                                  modifying factors. It is noted that the Mineral Resources are exclusive of Mineral Reserves. At
                                  the time of writing, the LPL has been exposed in the wall of each shaft and no LPL lateral
                                  development has been completed to date. Given the minimal amount the orebody has been
                                  physically revealed, the pillar sizes, pillar recovery, and the overlying roof beam thickness which
                                  correlate to the total recoverable tonnes and mining dilution are uncertain.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                        Page 94



                        12.4 Mineral Reserve Statement
                                   The Mineral Reserves outlined in Table 12-7 are based upon a Measured Resource noting the
                                   Mineral Resources are reported on an exclusive basis from the Mineral Reserve. The Mineral
                                   Reserves are acknowledged to be at a Probable level of confidence given the underground
                                   development to date is not sufficient to validate the modifying factors.
                                   In the opinion of the Qualified Person it is appropriate to select the lower confidence level of
                                   Probable given the limited exposure of the orebody.


                                  Table 12-7: Jansen – Summary of Potash Mineral Reserves (as at 30th June 2024)
                                                             Proven Mineral Reserves                Probable Mineral Reserves           Total Mineral Reserves
                                                            Tonnes             Qualities            Tonnes           Qualities          Tonnes          Qualities




For personal use only
                                     Potash1                                       %Insol.   %MgO
                                                                                                                      %Insol.                              %Insol.
                                                                        %K2O
                                                   Mining

                                                                                                                                 %MgO                                 %MgO
                                                              Mt                                     Mt                                  Mt
                                                                                                              %K2O                               %K2O
                                                   Method

                                   Canada
                                   Jansen2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9
                                    LPL             UG        –         –          –         –      1,070    24.9    7.5        0.10    1,070    24.9     7.5        0.10
                                    Total potash                –          –        –       –      1,070    24.9     7.5     0.10   1,070   24.9        7.5       0.10
                         (1) Mineral reserves are being reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest.
                        All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals
                        (2) Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
                        (3) The point of reference for the mineral reserves was ore as delivered to the mill for processing.
                        (4) Mineral reserves estimate was based on a potash price of US$391/t (Real 2024 basis).
                        (5) Mineral reserves estimates cut-off is a function of mining parameters and seam thickness. The calculated cut-off grade from economic
                        modelling where the mine plan would be break-even is 8.1% K2O.
                        (6) Mineral reserves are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 88%.
                        (7) Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a
                        mineralogical conversion factor of 1.583.
                        (8) Mineral reserves tonnages are reported on an in situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
                        (9) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                        reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
                        Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
                        assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
                        information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to “Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements” at the front of this Technical
                        Report Summary.




                        12.5 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
                                   In the opinion of the Qualified Person, areas of uncertainty that may materially affect the Mineral
                                   Reserve estimate include (but are not limited to):

                                                  The Jansen mine is not yet producing and has no operational performance data

                                                  Price and other economic assumptions

                                                  Ability to continue sourcing water from the Saskatoon South East Water Supply

                                                  Ability to maintain environmental and social license to operate

                                                  Changes in assumptions related to the mine design evaluation including geotechnical,
                                                   mining capability, processing capabilities, and metallurgical recoveries

                                                  Potash is the sole commodity type extracted or considered.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 95



                                  The Jansen mine is not yet producing and therefore actual results are uncertain and have not yet
                                  been reconciled against the planned performance. A Production Volume Estimate (PVE) model
                                  was developed and applied across the entirety of the value chain in an effort to understand the
                                  impact of uncertainty. The PVE model is a mine-face-to-market model of the integrated chain for
                                  Jansen. Monte Carlo simulations were performed to quantify the uncertainty of value chain inputs
                                  on the integrated capacity.
                                  There remains uncertainty with respect to the validation of the production panel pillar sizing.
                                  Production panel mining represent approximately 90 per cent of the Mineral Reserve, with
                                  development entries comprising the remaining approximate 10 per cent. The pillar sizes have
                                  been selected to mimic stress conditions that are successfully managed in the Saskatchewan
                                  basin. The geotechnical instrumentation installation, data collection program, and numerical
                                  modelling validation plan exists and is planned to begin with lateral development start.




For personal use only
                                  Managing mining face dilution via the roof beam thickness thresholds will evolve with time and
                                  ground performance data collection and analysis. Sensitivity ranging has been performed.
                                  The mining recovery is currently planned to be 100 per cent, and includes the mining of advance
                                  mining pillars; mining and transport losses are not accounted for. Upon retreat from a mining
                                  block, the larger advance pillars will be mined and subject to the abutment pillar sizing. Advance
                                  pillar mining represents 15 Mt of the mineral reserve and mining of this type occurs steadily over
                                  the mine life. There is a level of uncertainty regarding the mining of the rooms within the advance
                                  mining pillars. The pillars have been designed such that the stress conditions are favourable for
                                  excavation. The recovery of the advance mining pillars does not have a material impact to the
                                  economic viability of the mineral reserve.
                                  The shaft liners have a design life of 70 to 80 years. Planning for and adherence to shaft
                                  maintenance is a critical component to extend the life of the shaft liners. Shaft liner monitoring
                                  instrumentation exists, and can provide an idea of when additional maintenance may be required.
                                  The shaft has been identified as a critical asset.
                                  In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the relative accuracy and therefore confidence of the reserve
                                  estimates is deemed appropriate for their intended purpose of global Mineral Reserves reporting
                                  and short to long-term production planning. The application of modifying factors affecting the
                                  accuracy and confidence as stated in Chapter 11 are taken into consideration during classification
                                  of the model and are therefore addressed in the Probable Mineral Reserve classification.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 96



                        13      Mining Methods

                        13.1 Selected Mining Method
                                  At Jansen, the LPL ore zone was selected as the target mining zone. The LPL ore zone offers
                                  several advantages over the UPL sub-member and Belle Plain Member. Refer to Figure 6-4.
                                  Based on the available information over the Jansen lease, the LPL has a more consistent and
                                  greater thickness, a thicker overlying salt beam for long-term stability of the overlying strata and
                                  mine workings, and a higher and more consistent grade than the UPL ore zone.
                                  The planned mining method is long room and pillar utilizing continuous mining equipment for
                                  excavation. Refer to Figure 13-1. The mining method was selected given the deposit is stratified,
                                  generally flat lying, and suitable for mechanical cutting as the means for excavation. The thickness
                                  and the grade intervals of the LPL zone in the Jansen lease area do not vary significantly.




For personal use only
                                  The mine is divided into four districts, which contain mining blocks comprised of development
                                  entries and production panels. Excavated ore is transported via conveyor network to the shaft for
                                  hoisting and subsequent processing. Development mining takes place within the LPL zone.
                                  Production room mining is completed in a two pass routine, where pass 1 is excavated from the
                                  panel travelway to the turn-around entry while a temporary conveyor system is installed as the
                                  mining face advances. Pass 2 follows the excavation wall from pass 1, and reclaims the conveyor
                                  as the mining face advances back towards the travelway. This process is repeated until all rooms
                                  have been mined in a panel.




                                Figure 13-1: General arrangement of development access and production panels
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 97



                        13.2 Additional Parameters Relevant to Mine Designs and Plans
                                  As discussed above, the Dawson Bay aquifer is in close proximity to the mining horizon
                                  (Figure 7-8). The mine is designed to avoid the occurrence of mine inflow by designing the
                                  extraction ratio such that the integrity of the overlying strata remains intact. The Dawson Bay
                                  Formation in the Jansen area is expected to have low permeability or relatively low inflow
                                  deliverability potential but may pose potential risk of water inflow if hydraulically connected to
                                  vertically adjacent aquifers. In an effort to reduce the risk of a mine threatening inflow, the Dawson
                                  Bay Formation is treated as though it has a high permeability. The hydrogeological models
                                  developed contribute to the risk analysis of water inflow to the mine and mine dewatering design
                                  (refer to Section 15.8.4 below).

                        13.2.1 Geotechnical Models




For personal use only
                                  Geotechnical models have been developed to assess the long-term and short-term effects from
                                  mining over the life of the entries. Considerations were given to ground stability, management of
                                  mine induced inflow and surface subsidence.
                                  Maintaining the integrity of the Second Red Beds, is one consideration for the assessment of
                                  long-term stability. Conducting geotechnical model assessments on the Second Red Beds
                                  planned mine designs has provided confidence that mining induced damage will likely not occur
                                  to the Second Red Beds or Dawson Bay limestones. These model assessments confirm
                                  assumptions that with expected local geology, fractures between the mining rooms within the
                                  Prairie Evaporite are not created connecting the mining rooms with the overlying aquifers within
                                  the Souris River, Duperow and Mannville. Maintaining the integrity of the overlying shale,
                                  limestone and halite units act as a protective barrier from risk of brine inflow. An additional control
                                  to manage the brine inflow risk, is pillar size which is controlled to reduce impact from subsidence.
                                  Zones that have the potential to contain brine, such as water bearing Dawson Bay, are marked
                                  as exclusion zones and can be avoided to further reduce the risk of potential brine inflow.
                                  Modelling of pillar design is critical to ensure mining induced fracturing of the overlying strata does
                                  not occur.
                                  Determining the integrity of the Second Red Beds involves looking at the strength of the member
                                  versus the mining induced stresses with time. The factor of safety while mining within the LPL
                                  mining horizon, is expected to exceed 2.5. The factor of safety while mining in UPL entries is
                                  expected to exceed 1.4 with the difference in factor of safety primarily attributed to proximity of
                                  the Second Red Beds from the mined horizon.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 98




For personal use only
                                Figure 13-2: Schematic of Local Geology, Aquifer locations in relation to Potash Strata
                                  The stability of the mined entries is controlled through room and pillar size and extraction ratio in
                                  conjunction with geological and operational considerations. Table 12-1 shows the parameters
                                  used to develop the life of mine design, whereas Table 12-2 shows the decisions in response to
                                  geological and operational outcomes. The LPL ore zone within the mine design footprint dips
                                  relative to surface 130 metres from the northeast down to the southwest (Figure 7-5). Due to
                                  increase in overburden weight, the magnitude of stress is expected to also increase in the south-
                                  west. The operational response from the increase in in situ stress is to change the pillar size within
                                  panels resulting in reduced extraction, this is shown in Figure 13-3. An exception is shown for
                                  early mine life panels, where pillar size is planned for 17 metres, to enable early ground calibration
                                  in a more conservative design.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 99




For personal use only

                                Figure 13-3: Change in panel extraction with increasing depth
                                  The geotechnical model consists of analysis completed for all expected designs for the Jansen
                                  mine. Jansen specific mine designs that have been evaluated include shaft pillar life of mine
                                  entries in the UPL and LPL mining horizons at varying dimensions, raw ore bin, surge bin and
                                  ramps. Modelling external to the shaft pillar, was conducted on a variety of production panel and
                                  development entry layouts, including various room and pillar sizing.
                                  In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the Jansen mine design is geotechnically feasible. The design
                                  is supported through documented similarities with the neighbouring Nutrien Lanigan mine, located
                                  approximately 40 kilometres west of the Jansen mine site, which has been in operation since
                                  1968. There are differences between those mines such as the excavated production room height
                                  and corresponding pillar sizes. However, both mines share similar area extraction ratios which is
                                  a common metric for assessing overall geotechnical conditions for entries. Furthermore, the
                                  Jansen design utilizes a narrower room width and with a planned reduced duration in room,
                                  exposure to geotechnical risks is expected to be reduced.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 100



                                  There is uncertainty with the geotechnical model, particularly with pillar response, regionally for
                                  the Jansen mine as test work in the ore zone was primarily completed for one drill hole. The
                                  viscoelastic plastic response was tested on Jansen drill core, including samples from the UPL to
                                  Belle Plaine Member. Analysis of representative intervals from the drill hole were tested in relation
                                  to proposed mine plan design. Testing from nearby exploration drill holes provide additional
                                  confidence in Jansen modelling parameters. To address the uncertainty, a ground monitoring
                                  plan for shaft pillar mine development has been developed to build upon the geotechnical
                                  database and calibrate against the existing geotechnical model prior to panel development.

                        13.2.2 Hydrogeological Models
                                  The brines in the aquifers adjacent to mine levels are found to be saturated to a varying degree
                                  in potash mines. Undersaturated brines may pose substantial risk to potash mining. Even
                                  saturated brines may still have the ability to dissolve rock salts causing erosion of the rock and




For personal use only
                                  fluid movement resulting in potential mine inundation (i.e., groundwater inflow into a mine).
                                  Therefore, inflow is considered a material risk to the Jansen mine.
                                  The Dawson Bay Formation is deemed to pose a potential risk of water inflows into a mine due
                                  to its water bearing potential and close proximity to the mining level (Figure 7-2 and Figure 13-2).
                                  Porosity and formation water content in the formation are found to be variable across the Jansen
                                  mine area despite the stratigraphy being uniform and consistent. The drill hole geophysical logs
                                  and seismic data found no high porosity areas in the Dawson Bay carbonate that overlies and is
                                  closest to the planned mining zone. If the Dawson Bay Formation is hydraulically connected to
                                  other adjacent aquifers through geological structures (such as collapse anomalies), this may pose
                                  an additional risk of increased water inflows (Figure 13-2). Collapse anomalies are the post-
                                  depositional geological structures, which are the products of complex geological, hydrogeological
                                  and hydrogeochemical processes. The processes include fracturing, fluid movements, rock
                                  dissolution, and rock failure. The structures are high risk features for mine excavation as they
                                  may connect aquifers and can act as a conduit to increase inflows into a mine in a short period of
                                  time. 3D seismic technology mapped the size and geometrical extent of these structures (Sections
                                  6.4 and 7.1.4). The mitigation of potential hydraulic connection with the overlying aquifers is
                                  discussed in Section 13.2.1.
                                  The hydrogeology of the Dawson Bay Formation was characterized by utilizing the available site-
                                  specific data and conceptualized to understand the site scale groundwater flow system. A
                                  groundwater model was developed using commercially available industry standard groundwater
                                  modelling software FEFLOW. The model was constructed based on the site scale
                                  hydrostratigraphical units and geological structures (such as collapse anomalies). Due to the
                                  variability of available site-specific hydraulic parameter values of the Dawson Bay Formation, the
                                  model considered Min, Mid and Max inflow cases for Base Case inflow scenario (i.e., inflow from
                                  the Dawson Bay Formation only) and Special Case inflow scenario (when mine excavation
                                  intersects collapse anomalies). The model was built to inform potential inflow risk and provide
                                  critical information for decision making in support of mine design and mine dewatering.
                                  In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the level of technical details in the study of the Dawson Bay
                                  Formation and collapse anomalies is adequate for the assessment of their risks to potential mine
                                  inundation at the time of preparation of this report. The model needs to be updated to refine the
                                  current prediction of inflows when additional site specific data for the Dawson Bay Formation are
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 101



                                  available. The calibration and uncertainty analysis of the model will also be required as mine
                                  operation begins and advances.

                        13.3 Production Rates and Mine Life
                                  The estimated annual tonnage and grade profile is shown in Figure 13-4, with values shown in
                                  Table 13-1. The production profile is aggregated from the mine schedule which is planned on a
                                  monthly basis for the first 10 years, and annually thereafter through to end of mine life. The active
                                  mining area progression by period map can be seen in Figure 13-5. Economic testing is
                                  performed using the expected production rate and run of mine grade.




For personal use only
                                Figure 13-4: Jansen Estimated Production Profile


                                Table 13-1: Estimated Run of Mine Production (by financial year 1 July – 30 June, based on FY24
                                 LoA)
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 102




For personal use only




                                Figure 13-5: Active mining area progression

                        13.4 Mining Unit Dimensions, Mining Dilution and Recovery Factors
                                  The production mining rooms are excavated in two passes, yielding a 12 metre wide opening of
                                  varying length. Production panel pillar widths vary with deposit depth between 17 metres and 15
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 103



                                  metres. There is no minimum room design length, rather minimum pillar dimensions. In general
                                  terms the mine design strives for the longest panel room length, up to a maximum of 1,800 metres.
                                  The mine plan strives to assign mining rooms less than 1,000 metres in length to be excavated
                                  by a drum miner with batch haulage.
                                  Development mining rooms are subject to the same minimum room sizes, although are excavated
                                  larger given the required useful life of the development entry is longer than a production mining
                                  room.
                                  Mining height is variable between 3.7 metres and 4.4 metres. A histogram of planned room
                                  excavation heights can be found in Figure 13-6. Except for the shaft pillar area, all excavations
                                  are expected to occur in the LPL. Each mine design shape undergoes an evaluation of excavation
                                  heights to determine the highest ore grade. Determining the planned excavation height is an
                                  iteration which first considers the grade of the minimum mining height and the thickness of the




For personal use only
                                  overlying dilution material, then compares the grade against a mining height that includes an
                                  additional resource model ply. Resource block model ply thicknesses are illustrated in
                                  Figure 11-1.




                                Figure 13-6: Histogram of mining room design heights


                                  Mining dilution is captured in the mine plan through the planned overcut of the 406 clay seam
                                  and, where required, cutting the overlying halite unit to achieve stable roof conditions. The
                                  overlying roof dilution is primarily salt and has a fixed grade of 3 % K2O applied. The primary
                                  driver for excavating roof dilution is the depth and type of the shadow band (SB). The SB has
                                  been interpreted and modelled as a continuous zone of clay bands with categories of alteration.
                                  The first category of shadow band are recognised as discrete mud parting planes with varying
                                  thickness. The remaining SB do not form a distinct defined parting plane. The SB that form
                                  discrete parting planes within the roof beam thickness thresholds discussed in Section 12.1, are
                                  planned for excavation. The regional geological deposition is discussed in Section 6.1.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 104




                                Figure 13-7: Histogram of planned linear metres to be excavated by top dilution thickness interval



                                  It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the mining dilution has been reasonably reflected in




For personal use only
                                  the mine plan, and therefore the economic evaluation, through the use of a planned global overcut
                                  of 10 centimetres on the targeted roof strata, and the use of roof beam thickness thresholds
                                  triggered by the capability of the ground support and a modelled shadow band interpretation. Of
                                  noteworthy comparison is the positive economic value shown in the Min range case, Table 12-6,
                                  despite an aggressive overcut of 20 centimetres in all instances, and complete removal of all
                                  shadow band types for the entirety of the mine life.
                                  As no production has occurred to date, no reconciliation data is available. The mining recovery is
                                  estimated to be 100 per cent recoverable. Ore losses from transport between mining face and the
                                  ore processing plant have not been considered. The reported mineral reserve grade is considered
                                  fully diluted.

                        13.5 Overburden Stripping, Underground Development and Backfilling
                                  The use of backfill at Jansen is not currently planned. Fine and course tailings will be placed in
                                  the tailings management area.
                                  Refer to Figure 13-5 for the active mining area progression. Mine development entries will be
                                  excavated in the LPL ore zone.
                                  Backfill in the sense of providing geotechnical support is not currently planned at Jansen.
                                  However, periodic storage of material will occur due to rehabilitation work that will take place over
                                  time. The destination of this material may either be stored in stable old entries or loaded onto the
                                  conveyance system to the mill.



                        13.6 Equipment and personnel
                                  According to the mine plan, underground construction and mining activities of the Jansen mine
                                  will be supported by a fleet of mobile equipment (Table 13-2). The listed equipment is to be
                                  purchased and commissioned through the construction and production ramp up period. The
                                  dimensions of the mine design reflects the use of this equipment. Asset management at Jansen
                                  is based on fit-for-purpose life-cycle cost analysis and maintenance planning is in alignment to
                                  the life of mine plan. The mine plan considers the frequency and duration of maintenance activities
                                  in the schedule.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 105



                                  The underground mobile equipment fleet is expected to include all equipment required for:

                                          Early shaft pillar development and mine construction

                                          Shaft and mine services, including conveyance system construction and upkeep

                                          Production panel support, including development of cross-cuts and stubs

                                          Mains development support

                                          Ground support and rehabilitation

                                          Emergency response

                                          Personnel transport




For personal use only
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 106


                                Table 13-2: Jansen life of mine mobile equipment list
                                                              Group                        Equipment             Quantity

                                                                                Roof Bolter                           17
                                                  Ground Control
                                                                                Scaler                                 8

                                                                                Battery Ore Haulers                   23
                                                  Continuous Drum Miner and
                                                  Support Fleet                 Drum Miner                             7
                                                                                Feeder Breaker                        10
                                                                                MF460                                  8
                                                  Mining System
                                                                                PO140 EBS                              7

                                                  LHD Fleet                     LHD – 3 to 18 tonne                   25
                                                                                Crew Carrier & Transport- Mine
                                                                                                                       4
                                                                                Rescue
                                                                                Fire Truck – Mine Rescue               1




For personal use only
                                                  Transport Fleet               Personnel Carrier – Service
                                                                                                                      27
                                                                                Truck
                                                                                Personnel Carrier                     66
                                                                                Cassette Carrier Truck                14
                                                                                Diesel Fuel Cassette                   4
                                                                                Lube Cassette                          4

                                                                                Mechanical Heavy Duty Service
                                                                                                                       6
                                                                                Cassette
                                                  Multi-Purpose Chassis Fleet   Scissor Deck Truck                     4
                                                                                Utility Cassette                       4
                                                                                Water Collection – Vacuum
                                                                                                                       2
                                                                                Cassette
                                                                                Water Cassette                         2
                                                                                Mobile Crane / Forklift                7
                                                                                Mobile Belt Line Clean-up
                                                                                                                       2
                                                                                conveyor
                                                                                Motor Grader                           1
                                                                                Skid steer or Compact track
                                                                                                                       3
                                                  Specialized Fleet             loader
                                                                                Tractor                                2
                                                                                Tractor – UG Large                     1
                                                                                Diesel Generator                       3
                                                                                Telescopic elevated work
                                                                                                                       2
                                                                                platform

                                                  Flexible Mobile Conveyor      Flexible Mobile Conveyor               1

                                                  Telehandlers                  Telehandler – 2.5 to 20 tonne         25
                                                   Total                                                             310




                                  The total headcount for the Jansen operation, under the current mine planning assumptions, is
                                  expected to be 896 total BHP employees (Table 13-3). Under normal operating conditions Jansen
                                  mine will operate 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. The roster options will vary by role and by
                                  location. The headcount at Jansen is expected to remain reasonably constant for the life of mine.
                                  The headcount includes:

                                          all operations direct BHP Canada employees working in traditional operational work
                                           execution, supervisory and planning functions;
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 107



                                          All Jansen-related business functional support employees including Human Resources,
                                           Health, Safety and Environment, Indirect Technology, Finance, Supply, Corporate Affairs,
                                           Legal, Marketing, Planning & Technical, and the Asset President;
                                  The headcount excludes the following roles, with the associated costs captured in the Intragroup
                                  Service Charges (IGSC):

                                          All Global functions indirectly supporting Potash, including Strategy and Development,
                                           port and rail operations.


                                Table 13-3: Jansen Full Time Equivalent personnel at steady state
                                                                                        Total FTE
                                       Leadership & Administration                              5




For personal use only
                                       Underground & Surface Production                       296
                                       Port & Rail                                              7
                                       Underground & Surface Maintenance                      374
                                       Integrated Operations Management                       110
                                       Operations Technology & Asset Improvement               78
                                       Engineering                                             26
                                       TOTAL                                                  896



                        13.7 Final Mine Outline
                                  The LoA mine design is shown in Figure 13-8.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen      Page 108




For personal use only



                                Figure 13-8: Jansen mine design.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 109



                        14      Processing and Recovery Methods
                                  Conveyors will transport raw ore (approximately 40 % KCl salt, 53 % NaCl salt, and 7 % water
                                  insoluble) from the service and production shafts to one of two processing plants or the common
                                  raw ore storage building. The raw ore enters the processing facilities and is then crushed and
                                  screened before being fed to the wet scrubbing circuit, where it will be mixed with brine in the
                                  pulping tank. Water insoluble materials are removed from the salts with hydrocyclones, then the
                                  salts are pumped to a flotation circuit to form a potash concentrate by separating the potash salts
                                  (KCl) from the non-potash salts (NaCl). The concentrate is transferred to centrifuges to remove
                                  the brine, forming a concentrate cake. The concentrate cake is dried in a fluid bed dryer before
                                  final material screening and sizing. The processing circuit will produce two types of saleable
                                  potash; a standard red product and compacted red granular product. The potash products are
                                  then stored in a common product storage facility before being loaded into railcars for transport.




For personal use only
                                  The Jansen processing design is conceptually based on selecting equipment of the largest
                                  capacity available to achieve the process requirements and installing only minimal redundancy
                                  required for optimizing operating reliability. Both processing facilities are designed for a 1,483 tph
                                  feed rate, with a minimum 15 per cent design factor on all equipment to handle process variables.
                                  Equipment known to exhibit high reliability based on reliability modelling and industry experience,
                                  such as belt conveyors, were selected to be single stream with no redundancy. When multiple
                                  pieces of equipment were selected for an individual unit operation (as a result of limited capacity
                                  of commercially available equipment or for reasons of reliability), an even number of equipment
                                  typically was preferable. This was to enable efficient flow splits between individual streams
                                  feeding or exiting the equipment, and keep the building heights and material lift heights to a
                                  minimum.
                                  Use of multiple pieces of equipment allows continuation of operation during periods of equipment
                                  downtime, albeit at a lower production rate while equipment repair or maintenance is performed.
                                  Use of multiple pieces of equipment, where appropriate, also allows predictive and preventative
                                  maintenance on equipment as appropriate.
                                  As a result of this philosophy, overall plant uptime will be maximized due to the parallel processing
                                  plants, parallel circuits available within each plant, and reduction of single points of failure. An
                                  exception to this is equipment that typically exhibits high reliability levels, which would be cost
                                  prohibitive to duplicate (e.g. conveyors immediately upstream or downstream of the mill),
                                  combined with an optimized maintenance and operating strategy.
                                  The raw ore handling and ore storage portion of the surface processing facilities is designed to
                                  be operated by feeding the primary crushing equipment directly from the shafts using belt
                                  conveyors. Ore delivered from the hoist in excess of mill feed requirements is diverted, using a
                                  splitter gate, to the raw ore storage building to build an inventory of raw ore. Raw ore in the 40,000
                                  tonne storage building is reclaimed as required during hoist down periods. In this way, the raw
                                  ore bucket wheel reclaimer is needed to operate less than one quarter of the scheduled mill
                                  operating time, reducing operating and maintenance costs as well as allowing raw ore reclaimer
                                  servicing as required.
                                  The mill processing systems are largely duplicated, and the designs are based on a high level of
                                  automation for process control using on-line measurement, including weigh scales to monitor dry
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 110



                                  material flow monitoring, flowmeters for liquid flow monitoring, and potash grade analyzers for
                                  reagent control and performance monitoring. All automation signals are monitored and controlled
                                  from a remote central control room.
                                  Specific pumps and crushers are installed with variable speed drives for control and to allow
                                  metallurgical process variability as required. Various types of crushers are used throughout the
                                  processing facilities. Crusher types were individually selected based on the optimal type to serve
                                  that particular duty.
                                  Scrubbing and desliming of the ore uses mechanical scrubbing and cyclone desliming, which is
                                  typical in the potash industry. Separate coarse and fine flotation circuits allow enhanced recovery
                                  of potash due to the modern and proven flotation technologies targeting recovery of specific
                                  potash particle size ranges. Separation of ore into coarse and fine streams is accomplished using
                                  hydraulic classifiers that provide a separation of coarse and fine particle sizes. Flotation uses




For personal use only
                                  column flotation cells that are simple and highly effective in terms of recovery and operating costs.
                                  The tailings process areas are independent and are primarily single circuits due to the high
                                  reliability of the equipment selected. Coarse salt tailings circuits are designed with two operating
                                  pumps and pipelines as well as one spare pump and pipeline. This configuration allows high mill
                                  operating time even when a tailings line may be inoperable due to plugging or pump failure.
                                  Separate scrubbing and flotation brine systems are provided to prevent ore borne contaminants
                                  from reaching the flotation circuits and adversely affecting recovery. These systems also maintain
                                  reagent-free brine for scrubbing and desliming circuits to maintain process efficiencies in these
                                  circuits.
                                  Both processing plants have parallel process circuits in drying and product screening which allow
                                  control of the equipment at lower operating rates and to maximize plant operating time. Debrining
                                  prior to drying uses latest technology centrifuges that are capable of producing low moisture levels
                                  in the dryer feed. Product drying is achieved through conventional horizontal fluid bed dryers.
                                  Dried discharge is screened, and product that meets standard product size requirements is cooled
                                  and sent to product storage. Product, that does not conform to standard sizing specifications, is
                                  processed in compaction circuits, by 14 installed compactors, to produce granular product, which
                                  is subsequently glazed and screened, then dispatched directly to a common 200,000 tonne
                                  product storage.
                                  Product reclaim and loading of railcars comprises reclaiming, screening, treating with anti-cake
                                  and dedusting reagents, and loading railcars in a unit train of up to 177 railcars within a 12-hour
                                  time period. As a result of this loading rate requirement, loading is continuous, using automated
                                  product reclaiming and BHP Canada railcars.
                                  The BHP Canada philosophy governing the process design was for a “fit-for-purpose” and
                                  expandable facility. That is, a facility that maximizes the project value with acceptable capital
                                  costs, while providing a productive, efficient, and safe operating environment for personnel. The
                                  Jansen processing facility was designed to use state-of-the-art, proven process control
                                  technology to ensure high yields, low cost of production with remote operation capability, and
                                  reduction in the amount of field operator support.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 111



                        14.1 Process Plant




For personal use only
                                Figure 14-1: Jansen processing sheet flow
                                  Raw ore is received from the mine through the service and production shafts skip bins. A moving
                                  hole feeder is used to draw raw ore from the bins onto the shafts raw ore belt conveyors. A belt
                                  conveyor scale and tramp metal removal magnet are provided for each shaft material handling
                                  system. Material from the shafts then report to the storage building or one of the two crushing
                                  plants.
                                  The raw ore handling and crushing circuits are to maintain a constant flow of ore to the mills for
                                  processing. The conveying and splitting functions source ore in a variety of feed situations and
                                  the crushing stages ensure the material is small enough to feed the attrition scrubbers and be
                                  hydraulically pumped to the next process steps.
                                  Attrition scrubbing and desliming circuits prepare the ore for downstream flotation separation
                                  stages. This involves wet crushing and scrubbing of the ore to liberate insoluble materials, in
                                  conjunction with size separation equipment that prepares three size fractions. Coarse, fines, and
                                  slimes streams are then sent to three different sets of downstream equipment, chosen for best
                                  performance within the selected size range.
                                  The purpose of the coarse flotation and regrind circuit is to recover coarse sylvite minerals using
                                  conventional potash flotation technologies. Concentrates generated within this circuit are
                                  generally near grade and require minimal leaching. The waste materials are relatively clean halite
                                  with some unliberated sylvite.
                                  The fines flotation circuit recovers fine highly liberated sylvite minerals, using conventional
                                  flotation technologies. Concentrates generated within this section are generally high grade and
                                  require minimal leaching. The particle sizes are relatively fine, so most conventional hard rock
                                  flotation equipment is effective. Pneumatic columns are the chosen technology since they achieve
                                  high grades and recoveries in potash applications. Waste materials are relatively clean halite with
                                  some minimal sylvite losses.
                                  The scavenger cyclone and flotation circuit is used to recover very fine highly liberated sylvite
                                  minerals, using conventional flotation technologies. Concentrates generated within this section
                                  are generally lower grade than the other circuits due to the higher difficulty in physical separation
                                  of very fine materials. The fine particle sizes require higher energy flotation equipment to be
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 112



                                  recovery effective. Self-aspirating pneumatic cells are the chosen technology since they achieve
                                  acceptable grades and recoveries in potash applications.
                                  Leaching and debrining circuit provide secondary control for concentrate grade control, flotation
                                  brine recovery, and preparation of the solids for the drying and screening circuit. The large volume
                                  leaching tanks serve a secondary function by acting as buffers between the wet and dry circuits.
                                  The individual line tank can buffer 30 minutes of production in the event of a downstream
                                  interruption.
                                  The primary purpose of the product drying and screening circuit is to remove residual moisture,
                                  heat the product sufficiently to remove residual reagents, and prepare the material for compaction.
                                  The production dryer circuit serves a secondary function to produce the KCl-rich brine needed for
                                  grade control using its dryer scrubbers. The screening circuit follows the dryers. Standard grade
                                  final product goes directly to storage, while the rest of the material flows to the compaction circuit.




For personal use only
                                  Compaction and post treatment circuits ensure the Jansen products meet quality standards and
                                  prepares the product for storage prior to shipment. While standard-sized material meets national
                                  and international accepted standards, finer and coarser materials produced in the wet mill do not.
                                  The compaction process uses high pressures and temperatures to convert these materials into a
                                  marketable size fraction. Post-treatment circuits are physically located after compaction and treat
                                  both standard and granular products.
                                  For standard production, the standard product (mid-size particles) from the product screens not
                                  sent to compaction feed is conveyed to two parallel product coolers. The material is cooled below
                                  80°C using a glycol loop that is integrated into the plant heat recovery system. Cooled product is
                                  then weighed as it continues by conveyor to product storage.
                                  For granular production, a multi-step process is employed to increase the product durability and
                                  minimize storage lump generation. This consists of a surface hardness and rounding step, a
                                  cooling step and then a final size quality circuit. Product from the secondary compaction screening
                                  circuit is moistened in the glazing dryer conditioning drum using carefully controlled amounts of
                                  process water. Sufficient water, approximately 1 per cent to 2 per cent by mass, is added to
                                  dissolve and soften only the surface KCl on each particle. The tumbling action and abrasion in
                                  the conditioning drums rounds off the sharp edges of the moistened potash granules. This product
                                  is fed into the glazing fluid bed dryer/coolers, which act as an evaporative cooler. When the
                                  surface water on the granules evaporates, a harder coating is formed on the surface of each
                                  particle, which increases its resistance to degradation during subsequent handling and transport.
                                  In addition, water evaporation in the glazing dryer cools the granular product to the target 80°C
                                  before it is discharged into the glazing screen feed bucket elevators. Exhaust gases from the
                                  compaction glazing dryers and dust collected within the compaction circuits are processed in
                                  baghouses.
                                  The primary function of the product storage, reclaim, and loadout circuits is to collect enough
                                  product to fill a shipment order and load a full 177-car unit train in under 12 hours with treated
                                  quality product. The product storage building holds 200,000 tonnes of combined standard and
                                  granular product and uses a portal scraper reclaimer to provide a steady high flow rate. Product
                                  loadout screening removes lumps in all products and any fines that may have accumulated in the
                                  granular product. The last step is the weigh bin system that loads a continuously moving train.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 113



                        14.2 Plant Throughput and Design, Equipment Characteristics and Specifications
                                  The Jansen mining and processing facilities have been designed for continuous 24-hour
                                  operation, with scheduled outages to perform inspections and maintenance. Production
                                  operations and maintenance will consist of two 12-hour daily shifts covering 7 days per week.
                                  Since the JS1 and JS2 mills are essentially split into two parallel processing trains, maintenance
                                  will typically occur in one mill and on one train at a time, using additional contract maintenance
                                  workers as necessary to perform the scheduled maintenance and inspection tasks. The entire
                                  processing facilities will also be shut down less frequently to provide for maintenance on
                                  equipment serving both processing trains.
                                  The Jansen mill operating schedule is intended to closely align with the mine’s planned operating
                                  schedule. Major raw ore storage facilities on site include:

                                          Underground ore storage capacity within the shaft pillar consists of three 5,000 tonne bins,




For personal use only
                                           a 40,000 tonne remote storage, as well as belt bunkering as the material handling system
                                           extends (equivalent to 15 hours of combined hoisting capacity);

                                          40,000 tonnes of raw ore storage capacity on the surface to support the two mills, each
                                           with a 1,483 tph feed rate (equivalent to 13 hours plant feed).
                                  Underground and surface ore storage enable the mine to stockpile ore to ensure the mill feed
                                  remains constant during equipment outages for inspection or maintenance. Surface raw ore
                                  storage allows ore processing activities to continue for up to 13 hours at nominal feed rates
                                  whenever ore hoisting facilities are unavailable for use or equipment failure occurs upstream from
                                  the raw ore storage pile. Regular inspections are expected to include items such as shaft, hoist
                                  and rope, and various mine-related maintenance functions that may prevent or reduce the rate of
                                  ore delivery to the surface.
                                  The feed throughput range, within which each mill can operate, is 33 per cent to 100 per cent of
                                  rated capacity, or 489 tph to 1,483 tph.
                                  In addition, buffers downstream of the mill allow the processing facility to continue operation
                                  between train shipments. A 200,000 tonne finished product warehouse will store both standard
                                  and granular products and act as a buffer between mine production and the port.
                                  The processing facilities will be controlled and monitored from the Process Control System (PCS).
                                  The PCS will provide the control and operator interface for all the areas of the facilities and will
                                  be run by a control team in the Integrated Operations Centre (IOC).
                                  The sizing most pieces of process equipment is based on an appropriate design factor on nominal
                                  rates. This provides an allowance for cyclical fluctuation in the process. The retention time used
                                  for sizing equipment related to scrubbing, storing, mixing, and leaching varies from one piece of
                                  equipment to another because the size is based on metallurgical testing recommendations and
                                  industry experience.
                                  Key design principles for the Jansen process were that design elements (e.g., equipment,
                                  instruments) will be standardized and rationalized to the extent practicable and the use of
                                  industry-proven processes and equipment is maximized.
                                  The level of automation will be high and will include automation of normal process control
                                  functions, start-up, and shutdown activities. The PCS will be a fully integrated system using a
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 114



                                  common control platform across Mining, Process and Non Process Infrastructure. The PCS will
                                  provide human-machine interface (HMI), process control, monitoring, alarming, and data
                                  archiving for all operating areas of Jansen site. The PCS will also interact with the Advanced
                                  Process Control (APC) system benefiting from advanced algorithms that will assist determining
                                  the most efficient operating set points to increase throughput, reduce energy cost and reduce
                                  reagents consumption.
                                  The process will be controlled from an IOC located off-site in Saskatoon and will be completely
                                  centralized with the ability for controlling mine, plant, rail yard, and port control stations. This
                                  arrangement provides operators with greater levels of live operating data across the potash
                                  operation and fosters collaboration. Trend identification, troubleshooting, and the prevention of
                                  potential operating losses can be anticipated and resolved more efficiently compared to traditional
                                  decentralized control systems.




For personal use only
                        14.3 Requirements for Energy, Water, Process Materials, and Personnel
                                  Raw water
                                  Water is used at the Jansen site for both process and non-process activities. Process water is
                                  used for: (among other things)

                                          Wet scrubbers

                                          Concentrate leaching

                                          Process reagent mixing

                                          Pump gland water and instrumentation flush

                                          Product centrifuges

                                          Flotation columns and cells

                                          Glazing dryer conditioning drum

                                          Salt tailings flushing
                                  Ore processing activities will use 0.15 m3 water per tonne of product produced or ~41 per cent of
                                  all water consumed on site. Non-process uses (i.e., non-routine water, utilities, and potable water)
                                  account for the remaining 59 per cent of water consumption on site, which is equivalent to 0.22
                                  m3/t of product. A considerable amount of this water will be used by maintenance, because all
                                  equipment must be washed down before being serviced. Spill clean-up and line flushing are other
                                  services that will contribute to this amount.
                                  Energy
                                  The incoming gas supply battery limit for natural gas is located on the southwest side of the
                                  process plant sites, outside the plants, to allow free access by SaskEnergy and TransGas.
                                  An existing metering building is currently constructed and operational at site for gas supply to on-
                                  site accommodation, sewage treatment plant, and concrete batch plant. A natural gas connection
                                  to the site will be provided for gas supply to the processing plants (i.e., gas metering and pressure
                                  reducing station). The natural gas pipeline follows a pre-determined utility corridor to the natural
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 115



                                  gas metering station. The interface point between the off-site supply and on-site distribution
                                  system is at the flange connection just downstream of the pressure reducing station.
                                  A total of two natural gas supply pipelines will be located downstream of the natural gas metering
                                  station. One pipeline feeds the process plants and ancillary buildings. The other feeds on-site
                                  accommodation and the concrete batch plant.
                                  Throughout the plant site, the buried natural gas distribution system will be sized to support future
                                  production capacity increases. It will consist of medium density polyethylene pipelines. Major line
                                  isolation valves will be installed at specific locations to isolate a branch of the gas network. These
                                  line isolation valves will be located above ground. Furthermore, each building connection will
                                  include a dedicated isolation valve.
                                  Power is supplied by SaskPower’s 230 kV overhead lines. The main site 230/35 kV substation
                                  and 35, 5, and 1 kV distribution systems are sized to support future expansions. The underground




For personal use only
                                  is fed by two 35 kV shaft feeders from the service shaft. In the event of a utility power off the
                                  essential loads will be fed from the site’s generation facility.
                                  The Jansen natural gas usage is estimated to be 3,231,461 GJ/year. Electricity is estimated to
                                  be 1,119,855 MWh/year, and diesel is estimated to be 2,295,564 L/year.
                                  Process Materials
                                  A variety of reagents are required for operating the flotation circuits, thickener operation, and
                                  treating the product for shipping. Process reagents include flotation amine, acid, flotation oil,
                                  frother, depressant, and flocculent. Product anti-cake amine combined with dedusting oil is
                                  applied in product loadout. These reagents are available in Saskatchewan and are used in
                                  existing potash facilities. Sufficient work has been completed to ensure supply and availability to
                                  the BHP Canada Jansen site.
                                  Personnel
                                  See Section 13.6 for Jansen staffing information. See Section 13.6 for Jansen staffing information.



                        14.4 Novel Processing Methods
                                  The Jansen processing facility is expected to use proven process control technology designed to
                                  support high yields, low cost of production with remote operation capability, and reduction in the
                                  amount of field operator support. In addition to common process control technology, Jansen is
                                  expected to employ additional digital technology to improve recovery, operability, and availability
                                  using systems such as advanced process control, digital twin for raw ore pile management, and
                                  use of equipment health monitoring for predictive maintenance. No new processing
                                  methodologies or commercially unproven methods are expected to be incorporated into the
                                  Jansen process plant design.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 116



                        15      Infrastructure
                                  Jansen is currently in construction phase and has completed a significant amount of development
                                  in the past several years. The capital invested to date includes construction of the shafts and
                                  associated infrastructure, surface building foundation preparation and construction, as well as
                                  engineering and procurement activities, and preparation works related to underground
                                  infrastructure.
                                  A substantial portion of the site grading, drainage and road network is in place that allows for
                                  access to all areas of the site and facilitates water management during spring melt, rain events
                                  and ongoing construction.
                                  The site is connected to off-site infrastructure including natural gas, permanent electrical power,
                                  communication fibre and non-potable water. These utilities are provided by Crown Corporations
                                  and contractual agreements have been reached for service provisions as necessary. The local




For personal use only
                                  road network has been upgraded to allow for year-round access for primary weight vehicles to
                                  support the movement of equipment and materials as necessary during the construction period.
                                  Additionally, there have been several facilities for both permanent operations and temporary
                                  construction purposes that have been successfully installed to date including:

                                             The Discovery Lodge camp (2,600 beds) for housing the construction workforce;

                                             A modern water treatment plant and raw water well for provision of potable water;

                                             A sanitary treatment plant for raw sewage;

                                             A concrete batch plant;

                                             Temporary offices, locker rooms and lunchrooms for construction team;

                                             Service and Production headframes;

                                             Freeze plant to support shaft sinking and lining;

                                             Temporary warehousing and maintenance buildings;

                                             Permanent cold storage warehouse;

                                             Vehicle wash bay;

                                             Guard houses and site fencing for access control;

                                             Laydowns for material storage/staging ;

                                             Storm water ponds and effluent storage facilities;

                                             Environmental monitoring equipment for ground water, air quality, noise and vibration
                                              levels.
                                  In the subsequent years, BHP Canada plans to erect/construct the following:

                                            Mill buildings

                                            Raw ore storage

                                            Conveyor galleries

                                            Product storage buildings
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 117



                                            Product loadout building

                                            Tailings Management Area
                                  Once these facilities are complete, the equipment and building services are scheduled to be
                                  installed to support commissioning activities leading to a planned first production and ramp up to
                                  full production accordingly.
                                  In the Non Process Infrastructure scope space, the remainder of the Tailings Management Area
                                  (including disposal wells) are scheduled to be developed, the rail infrastructure and control
                                  systems are scheduled to be installed and a number of permanent facilities are scheduled to be
                                  constructed. These facilities are expected to include:

                                             Admin Building with offices, locker rooms, security and training

                                             Heated warehousing




For personal use only
                                             Mechanical and mobile equipment repair shops

                                             Laboratory

                                             Mill support facility

                                             Rail support facility

                                             Modular Data Centre, electrical houses and substations

                                             Pump houses, environmental data collection units and/or other small buildings
                                  Figure 15-1 below, shows the design layout of the surface infrastructure of the completed Jansen
                                  Project buildings and includes the processing and non-processing facilities, tailings management
                                  area (not shown) and the mining headframes with their respective shafts below ground.




                                  Figure 15-1: Schematic of Jansen Operations when in production
                                  The Jansen basic value chain is comprised of a number of major sub-systems and process steps
                                  as shown in Figure 15-2.
                                         1. mining, including continuous miners, and conveyors
                                         2. ore hoisting via shaft conveyance
                                         3. mine processing and ore handling plant including crushing and screening
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 118



                                      4. mine stacking (stockpiling) into the product types
                                      5. train loading
                                      6. train empty and loaded travel to and from the port facilities
                                      7. port car dumping (train unloading)
                                      8. port direct ship loading (product is taken directly to the vessel, skipping process steps
                                         eight to ten)
                                      9. port stacking (stockpiling) into the product types
                                      10. port reclaiming
                                      11. port ship loading




For personal use only
                                  Figure 15-2: Basic Value Chain

                                  Underground infrastructure is described in Section 13.

                        15.1 Roads
                                  The road work for the site consists of new roads and upgrading existing roads. All new site roads
                                  constructed are expected to be gravel roads with subbase and base course materials. Most of
                                  the existing plant site roads have a subbase course and are expected to be upgraded during
                                  construction. These existing roads range between 11 metres and 13 metres wide and planned to
                                  be topped with a granular base course to a 9.4 metres width. All roads are expected to be crowned
                                  with a 3 per cent cross slope to allow storm water drainage.
                                  Many existing roads that form the majority of Jansen site road workings are already in use. Some
                                  of these existing roads need to be upgraded with a granular base topping. Some are expected to
                                  be demolished because they are located in areas where facilities are to be constructed.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 119



                        15.2 Rail
                                  The on-site railroad, including the Joint Access Spur and Onsite Rail, for the mine site is planned
                                  to be constructed during the project execution period. A series of switches (ladder) are located
                                  just inside the Jansen property fence line to provide an inbound/outbound yard. This yard
                                  terminates at the north end at a double crossover. Beyond the crossover is a loop track through
                                  the loadout facility, where empty trains are planned to access the loading area in a clockwise
                                  manner.
                                  The off-site railway is planned to connect the on-site railway to both Class I carriers as shown
                                  below in Figure 15-3.




For personal use only




                                Figure 15-3: Off–site rail connections
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 120



                        15.3 Port Facilities
                                  Potash for export is expected to be shipped out of Westshore Terminals Limited Partnership
                                  (Westshore). Westshore is an existing coal export terminal operating since 1970 at Roberts Bank,
                                  Delta, British Columbia on Vancouver Fraser Port Authority managed federal lands and waters.
                                  Currently the terminal handles coal, and with financial support from BHP Canada, Westshore has
                                  agreed to convert their facilities from exclusively shipping coal to shipping BHP Canada potash
                                  and some third-party coal. All required permits for the facility development have not been issued.
                                  BHP Canada currently has a terminal services and development agreement in place with
                                  Westshore for this development and shipping services with an initial service term through
                                  CY2051. The port facility is sized to handle the total expected product volume from Jansen.

                        15.4 Dams




For personal use only
                                  The perimeter dykes within the Tailings area is expected to be constructed of suitable earthen
                                  material with an upstream slope of 2.5H:1V and a downstream slope of 3H:1V. The dyke is
                                  anticipated to reach a total length of approximately 20,000 metres and a maximum height of 10
                                  metres. The minimum dyke crest width is 5 metres to accommodate one-way mine traffic. A dyke
                                  key is to be constructed at the center of the dyke’s base to assist with stability and seepage.
                                  Interceptor ditches is expected to be constructed with interior and exterior side slopes of 2.5H:1V
                                  and expected to have a minimum bottom width of 2 metres.
                                  To reduce erosion from wave action, rip-rap material is expected to be placed on the interior
                                  slopes within the decant pond as well as the coarse and fine tailings areas. Rip-rap is expected
                                  to also be placed at locations where continuous concentrated flow is anticipated, such as the
                                  outlets of the granular toe drains.

                        15.5 Dumps and Leach Pads
                                  There are no dumps or leach pads required for Jansen mine.

                        15.6 Tailings Disposal
                                  Waste produced from the mill processing is planned to consist of fine tailings (insolubles), coarse
                                  salt tailings, and sodium chloride (table salt) brine. The fine tailings are expected to consist of
                                  primarily silt and clay-sized particles combined with fine salt crystals. The coarse tailings are
                                  expected to be medium to coarse-sized salt crystals. The fine and coarse tailings are expected
                                  to be separated in the mill during processing and hydraulically transported (i.e., pumped) to the
                                  TMA in brine slurries where they will be deposited in their respective storage areas. The separate
                                  fine and coarse tailings areas are expected to be surrounded by perimeter containment dykes.
                                  The collective footprint of the TMA is planned to be surrounded by a deep brine seepage
                                  interceptor ditch and future slurry wall(s).
                                  Brine storage in the TMA is expected to consist of a brine decant pond within the fine tailings area
                                  and a separate tailings-free space within the coarse tailings area. Brine created during operations
                                  or generated by salt dissolution during precipitation events is expected to be recycled back to the
                                  mill by pumping from a floating barge located in the coarse tailings area. Excess brine is expected
                                  to be pumped from the barge to the brine disposal wellfield for injection into the deep Winnipeg-
                                  Deadwood Formation. This Formation has historically been used by central Saskatchewan potash
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 121



                                  mines for disposal of surplus brine due to its accepting permeability and compatible brackish
                                  water chemistry. The number of injection wells is expected to increase over time, as the well field
                                  is sized to support the disposal requirements of the mine site.
                                  The on-site water balance is planned to be maintained by using deep formation injection wells to
                                  dispose of excess brine. The disposal wells are planned to inject brine created during operations,
                                  precipitation events, and closure phase of the project. Brine disposal is expected to be an
                                  essential step for reducing the volumes of the coarse and fine tailings piles in accordance with
                                  the Jansen Site Closure Plan.
                                  Deep well injection is the regulatory accepted method to dispose of excess brine for all existing
                                  potash mines in Saskatchewan. No feasible alternatives to using disposal wells at Jansen are
                                  known. The alternatives considered to be unfeasible include evaporation, other desalination
                                  methods (which would not allow Jansen to meet its closure objectives), and brine disposal to the




For personal use only
                                  environment.
                                  In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the central feature of BHP’s Jansen potash mine TMA, is the
                                  incorporation of measures intended to 1) minimize the footprint required for fine and coarse salt
                                  tailings placement, and 2) limit the potential impact of tailings on, and requirement for,
                                  groundwater; while working towards sustainable decommissioning.
                                  As part of these measures, it is expected that ongoing refinement of the overall TMA design,
                                  including the potential for early inclusion of additional disposal cells, may be required to
                                  accommodate changes in the nature, and rate, of fine and coarse tailing deposition, as well as
                                  for the associated production, storage, and disposal of brine.

                        15.7 Power, Water and Pipelines
                                  The estimated power consumption is expected to be approximately 1.12M MWh/yr. Power is
                                  expected to be supplied by SaskPower using 230 kV overhead lines terminating at the 230 kV
                                  main plant substation dead-end structure (the point of common coupling). Main plant electrical
                                  services (i.e., 230 kV substation plus 34.5 kV substation and distribution) were sized to support
                                  future expansions. The electrical distribution system is expected to be designed for expansion
                                  without requiring a significant shutdown of plant equipment.
                                  The Jansen site is located in an area with no access to a major watercourse to support on-site
                                  infrastructure. The raw water system consists of the incoming water supply line from SaskWater
                                  and groundwater sourced from the existing Raw Water Well 1 (RWW 1). The ultimate capacity of
                                  the water supply pipeline is expected to be 7M m3/y for the Jansen project.
                                  During construction and operations (all stages), potable water is expected to be supplied to both
                                  on-site accommodation (Discovery Lodge) and construction management facilities through a
                                  centralized water treatment system located near Discovery Lodge. Potable water is expected to
                                  be distributed to the plant site by centrifugal potable water distribution pumps. Three pumps are
                                  expected to be provided with two pumps operating and one on standby. Potable water is expected
                                  to be distributed by an underground HDPE pipeline network. A single network is expected to be
                                  provided for the plant site. The potable water distribution system is expected to ensure a minimum
                                  pressure of 415 kPa (60 psi) at the buildings. Connections to future buildings (process plant lines
                                  or ancillary buildings) are expected to be installed complete with valves and blind flanges to
                                  enable straight tie-ins in future.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 122



                                  Sanitary sewage is expected to be treated by an existing Sewage Treatment Plant (STP) sized
                                  to accommodate the anticipated loading from construction activities, including the Discovery
                                  Lodge. Sewage is expected to be collected and directed to the STP through a combination of
                                  gravity and pressurized systems that collect sewage from both process and non-process
                                  buildings. Both the existing and future systems lead to the existing STP. The sanitary sewer lines
                                  is expected to have enough capacity to convey the design peak flow as well as infiltration and
                                  inflow. The minimum diameter for gravity sanitary lines to be used for single building lateral drains
                                  is 150 millimetres. The minimum diameter for gravity sanitary sewer systems is 200 millimetres.
                                  All pipes are expected to be polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and are expected to have a minimum slope
                                  to achieve self-cleansing velocity.
                                  The incoming gas supply battery limit for natural gas is located on the southwest side of the plant
                                  site, outside the main plant, to allow free access by SaskEnergy and TransGas. Throughout the




For personal use only
                                  plant site, the buried natural gas distribution system is expected to be sized to support the
                                  production capacity up to and including future expansions. It is expected to consist of medium
                                  density polyethylene pipelines. Major line isolation valves are expected to be installed at specific
                                  locations to isolate a branch of the gas network. These line isolation valves are expected to be
                                  located above ground. Furthermore, each building connection is expected to include a dedicated
                                  isolation valve.

                        15.8 Underground Infrastructure
                        15.8.1      Mine bulk material handling (BMH) system
                                  The mine conveyor network is designed to transport ore from each mining face to the shaft pillar,
                                  where it is transferred to the raw ore storage bin or horizontal remote storage area before being
                                  transferred to the surge bin and hoisted to surface for processing. The conveyors are expected
                                  to be installed using modularized units, each consisting of a head/drive station, take-up station,
                                  belting, and structure. These units are expected to have standard lengths and widths, depending
                                  on their duty requirements. Permanent conveyors are rigid frame structures that are suspended
                                  from the back (roof) to minimize effects of ground movement. Where the design warrants it and
                                  the salt beam in the floor is of suitable thickness some parts of the BMH may be floor mounted.
                                  The three main conveyor system configurations are panel, block and mainline conveyors shown
                                  in Figure 15-4.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 123




For personal use only
                                 Figure 15-4: Simplified flow diagram of underground conveyor systems

                        15.8.2     Underground Electrical Distribution
                                  The Jansen mine is expected to be supplied from the surface 34.5 kV distribution system. The
                                  two service shaft feeder circuits are expected to each consist of two 350 MCM cables. They are
                                  expected to terminate in a mine substation through which power is expected to be transformed
                                  from 34.5 kV down to 13.8 kV for distribution into the mine. Design of the main substation enables
                                  complete isolation of any one of the shaft circuits while still maintaining power into the mine. The
                                  13.8 kV distribution voltage is expected to supply all electrical power for the loads within the shaft
                                  pillar area as well as out into the mine. A radial distribution is expected to branch out from the
                                  main substation with circuits strategically run so that only minimal disruptions are intended to
                                  occur with the failure of any one.
                                  Providing a ground path back to earth is a critical safety feature in all electrical distribution
                                  systems. Potash rock cannot be used for direct earth grounding. Therefore, the mine distribution
                                  system is expected to use three internal bond conductors in each cable. The shaft cables are
                                  expected to also have three internal bond conductors working in parallel with separate bonding
                                  cables in the shaft. These together are expected to be used to tie the mine bonding network to
                                  the surface ground network.

                        15.8.3        Mine ventilation infrastructure
                                  The mine ventilation system is designed to provide adequate airflow to all active areas of the
                                  underground mine to ensure the health and safety of workers is maintained throughout
                                  development, construction, and steady state production. The ventilation system is expected to
                                  control accumulation of heat, gases, dust, and other contaminants within all accessible areas
                                  underground by diluting the air to safe concentrations and/or removal of the contaminants.
                                  The ventilation system mechanical components consist of a push-pull arrangement with both
                                  surface and underground fans. Under normal operating conditions, the service shaft is the fresh
                                  air path and the Production shaft serves as the return air path. Each shaft has a sub collar
                                  connection to the ventilation plenum and two surface ventilation fans are expected to be installed,
                                  and optionality for a third fan. The intake air is expected to be heated by a natural gas fired heating
                                  plant to supply a minimum air temperature of 4°C.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                      Page 124



                                  Surface fans are designed to push intake air to just below the shaft collar. The main underground
                                  booster fans are designed to draw the intake air down the shaft and distribute it within the shaft
                                  pillar and into the mining districts. Each mining district is expected to have a set of booster fans
                                  to circulate the air to the working area, with local ventilation fans and ventilation tube to direct air
                                  to the working face. Return air is expected to flow from the district conveyorways. The main return
                                  air underground booster fans are designed to mirror the fresh air arrangement. The return air is
                                  expected to exit the mine through the production shaft. The production shaft surface return air
                                  fans are expected to be used to bring the return air from just below the shaft collar through to
                                  atmosphere.
                                  Controlling risk related to ventilation is composed of several systems and strategies, namely the
                                  use of electric vehicles to reduce the exposure to Diesel Particulate Matter, network connect
                                  ventilation stations to monitor the flow and air quality at key points in the mine, and proper




For personal use only
                                  maintenance of heating and ventilation control systems.

                        15.8.4 Dewatering
                                  A mine dewatering system is expected to be installed to collect drainage water in the shaft pillar
                                  area. Sources of drainage water are expected to include the wash bay water, raw water tank
                                  overflow, air condensation from mine ventilation, and shaft drainage from leakage and periodic
                                  shaft wash-downs. Jansen intends to limit the use of water underground.
                                  The dewatering system is expected to consist of sumps at the bottom of the service shaft and
                                  production shaft as well as in the wash bay. The sumps are expected to be wide enough to allow
                                  for slimes removal using an LHD where feasible. Submersible pumps in each of the sumps are
                                  expected to pump to a main mud separation storage tank in the mine dewatering station for
                                  collection and settling prior to delivery to surface. The mine dewatering station is expected to
                                  consist of two dewatering pumps as well as a settling tank. Discharge lines are expected to be
                                  installed in each of the shafts with the ability to be drained back into the dewatering tanks when
                                  the pumps are not operating.
                                  The planned mine discharge design flow rate up the shafts is 30 L/sec from two 15 L/sec pump
                                  skids, with latent pipe capacity in the shaft enabling up to 60 L/sec of extra capacity to be installed
                                  as a first response to an inflow event.

                        15.8.5 Underground maintenance
                                  Areas are expected to be developed in the shaft pillar area to cater for the various underground
                                  facilities. All facilities are expected to include suitable power, compressed air, lighting, offices, and
                                  other services to complement the planned use of the facility. Adequate parking is expected to be
                                  provided for the underground mobile equipment fleet including charging facilities for battery and
                                  electric equipment. The shaft pillar facilities are planned to include areas for equipment assembly
                                  and rebuild, mobile equipment maintenance shop, electrical shop, wash bay, warehouse and tool
                                  crib, fuel and lube storage, refuge chambers, lavatories, raw water storage, and central office
                                  space.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 125



                        15.9 Shafts and Hoisting
                        15.9.1 Hoist and headframe
                                  The Jansen Project has two mine shafts, the service shaft and the production shaft. Both shafts
                                  have an internal diameter of 7.3 metres and go down to a depth of approximately 1,000 metres.
                                  The service and production shafts are required to achieve the expected production volumes.
                                  In the service shaft, the hoist system uses ground mounted Koepe hoists (friction hoists) supplied
                                  by ABB and designed by the Hatch Bantrel Joint Venture (HBJV). The hoists are expected to be
                                  delivered as per specifications defined by the designer (HBJV). The headframe is a typical A-
                                  Frame steel construction. The system comprises a cage and counterweight for personnel and
                                  material as well as two skips for ore hauling. The cage and hoist travel through the shaft on a
                                  system of rigid steel guides. The system is designed as a Class A guide system to support skips




For personal use only
                                  travelling at speeds that could reach 18 m/s. In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the hoisting
                                  system is expected to be capable of sustaining the production rate anticipated.
                                  The shaft steel guides are supported by a fully cantilevered Bunton design. The built in flexibility
                                  of this design allows to minimize stresses transferred to the shaft liner. This is to promote a longer
                                  design life of the liner. The shaft buntons and brackets are built with anticorrosion coatings and
                                  will be covered as well by the active cathodic protection system installed for protecting the shaft
                                  liner. Coupled to the fully hydrostatic design of the liner, the conditions in the shaft are designed
                                  to be dry (meaning no seepage). In the opinion of the Qualified Person, for such conditions, with
                                  the corrosion protections put in place, coupled with a good maintenance program, the design life
                                  of the shaft steel could be expected to be 50 years.

                        15.9.2 Shaft liner
                                  The Jansen shafts have an internal diameter of 7.3 metres. Both shafts are lined with an integral
                                  hydrostatic concrete/steel composite design. From one shaft to the other the geology is similar
                                  but shows slight elevation differences. For that reason, although the liner design is the same in
                                  both shafts, there are slight variations in the elevations of the liner features from one shaft to the
                                  other. The waterproofing is provided by an integral outer welded liner (OWL) from a depth of
                                  approximately 835 metres all the way to the surface. The liner base is sealed in the watertight
                                  ground formation by a set of redundant water seals at the 835 m depth. The Basis of Design for
                                  these liners is for a design life of 70 to 80 years. Considering the performance of other potash
                                  mines shafts, coupled with the asset integrity management plan, it is the opinion of the Qualified
                                  Person that the design life of these liners could be extended beyond the 70 to 80 years stated in
                                  the design basis. By promoting dry shaft conditions, the maintenance requirements should be
                                  minimized which in turn supports the higher availability of the hoisting system.
                                  To support better design life of the shaft liner, the service shaft steel guide system was designed
                                  with a fully cantilevered configuration. This promotes a reduction of the slamming loads
                                  transferred to the liner, hence reducing the cyclic stress levels supported by the liner. In the
                                  opinion of the Qualified Person, this design choice will be beneficial to the shaft liner design life
                                  as well as the steel design life.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 126



                        15.10Infrastructure Layout Map
                                  Figure 15-5 below shows the layout of the surface infrastructure for Jansen Project including the
                                  processing and non-processing facilities, tailings management area and the mining headframes.




For personal use only
                                Figure 15-5: Infrastructure Layout Map
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 127



                        16      Market Studies

                        16.1 Market Information
                                  Potassium (K) is one of three essential macronutrients that plants need to thrive, along with
                                  nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P). Total potassium uptake of global agriculture is determined by
                                  the quantity and mix of crops that is grown.
                                  Potassium nutrient is supplied to crops in three ways:

                                          through the application of mineral fertilizers

                                          through organic manures and crop residues

                                          from the native mineral content of the soil




For personal use only
                                  Native potassium levels vary geographically, and within areas from field to field, and may be
                                  depleted over time through intensive cultivation, so farmers commonly provide additional
                                  potassium through the application of organic materials (principally, crop residues and animal
                                  manures) and/or potash fertilisers to ensure that yields are not limited by inadequate potassium
                                  availability.
                                  Potash is the name of a group of potassium compounds. Specifically, it usually refers to potassium
                                  chloride (“KCl”), which is by far the most widely used potassium product. Potassium chloride is
                                  also known as “MOP”, from the archaic name “muriate of potash”. MOP is consumed principally
                                  as fertilizer (92 per cent), although numerous industrial end-uses make up a small minority of the
                                  market. As fertilizer, it is most commonly used straight or physically blended with other fertilizers
                                  (‘bulk-blends’), but it can also be processed into other forms of potash or Nitrogen-Phosphorous-
                                  Potassium (NPK) compound fertilizers.

                        16.1.1 Product Specifications
                                  Potassium content is commonly measured in units of potassium oxide (K2O), a notional
                                  substance, rather than units of K. MOP used in agricultural application is typically ~95 % KCl,
                                  which is equivalent to ~60 % K2O; this is in general the threshold required to qualify product in
                                  most major agricultural markets.
                                  A large proportion of global market production is chemically/physically similar and produced from
                                  similar sylvinite ore in Canada, Belarus, and Russia, and processed by one of two methods of
                                  beneficiation. Most suppliers produce a ‘fine’ or ‘standard’ crystalline powder (primarily used to
                                  manufacture compound NPK fertilizer and for direct application by hand) and a larger-sized
                                  ‘granular’ grade (used for mechanical application, either straight or bulk-blended with other
                                  granular fertilizers), that together comprise the large majority of their sales. These may be red/pink
                                  or white (sometimes dyed red) and usually have a guaranteed purity of 60 % K2O. Some suppliers
                                  also make higher purity grades and/or more sizes that are sold for industrial use, niche agriculture
                                  applications or feedstock for derivative fertilizers.
                                  Jansen plans to sell two agricultural potash grades, red standard (~60 % K2O equivalent, ~0.5 to
                                  1 millimetres in size) and red granular (~60 % K2O equivalent, ~3-4 millimetres in size) potash,
                                  to retain simplicity while ensuring sufficient market access.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 128



                        16.1.2 Supply Demand and Pricing
                                  Demand
                                  Global demand for potash fertilizers is driven by the need for higher crop production to feed a
                                  growing and more affluent, global population. It is also driven by the need to reduce reliance on
                                  native soil potassium, which in many places will be unable to support the necessary increase in
                                  crop yields. Fundamentally, the relationship between population growth, crop production and
                                  potash demand has been extremely reliable and provides a solid basis for projecting future
                                  fertiliser needs.
                                  As shown in the two charts below (Figure 16-1), over the last sixty years, crop production has
                                  consistently outgrown population while potash has in turn exceeded growth in crop production.




For personal use only
                                Figure 16-1: Historical relationship between crop production, population and potash demand


                                  While the demand trend is reliable over five to 10 year periods, potash demand is at times subject
                                  to considerable year-to-year variations due to shifting farm economics, weather, policy and the
                                  ability of soils to retain potassium from one season to the next. However, long term demand is
                                  underpinned by slow moving, yet very reliable drivers consistent across decadal time spans. This
                                  broadly includes the number of mouths to feed, the scale and scope of diets and long run trends
                                  in soil fertility and the associated interplay with fertiliser application rates.
                                  Historical growth since 2000 has been 2.7 per cent per annum on average, with the most recent
                                  ten-year period coming in around 2.4 per cent. Global potash demand growth over the next
                                  decade is estimated in the range of 1-3 per cent.
                                  Supply
                                  According to independent market analyst CRU about three-quarters of MOP production comes
                                  from underground ores – mainly located in Canada, Russia and Belarus (Figure 16-2). It is simple
                                  and established technology, low-cost and energy-efficient. Much of the remainder is extracted
                                  from natural brines in China and Dead Sea. Ore is most commonly processed through flotation
                                  that yields a product that is pink or red and usually about 95 per cent pure. Jansen is designed to
                                  employ the conventional underground mining and flotation route. As of 2023, there are three
                                  large-scale solution mines, all of which are located in Canada.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 129




For personal use only
                                Figure 16-2: MOP supply by regions (Mt)


                                  Most potash operations produce between 1 and 4 Mtpa. The mines in Canada mostly date back
                                  to a period of rapid development in the 1960s and 1970s, while much of the capacity in Russia
                                  and Belarus was built in the Soviet era. The potash industry structure is presently characterized
                                  by a small number of large suppliers. In terms of supply concentration, four producers (Nutrien,
                                  Mosaic, Uralkali and Belaruskali) accounted for ~65 per cent of global production in 2020. During
                                  periods of excess capacity and short term demand volatility, parts of the industry have historically
                                  adjusted utilization rates with the objective of “matching supply with demand”. Excess production
                                  capacity has been absorbed through curtailed production.
                                  In addition to existing supply capacity, there are ten major MOP mine projects under construction
                                  or already ramping-up. Four of these are replacing exhausted reserves and planned to feed
                                  existing processing plants. If successfully executed, these projects are expected to add about 10
                                  Mtpa of net incremental supply versus calendar 2020.
                                  Potash Pricing
                                  Potash is not an exchange-traded commodity and there is no single benchmark representing
                                  global market pricing. Transactions are typically bilateral between seller and buyer. There are
                                  specialist publications that journalistically assess transacted prices. Most potash sales are made
                                  on a delivered “CFR” basis, like granular MOP CFR Brazil or standard MOP CFR China. Prices
                                  are published in ranges to reflect the inherent variation in observed pricing due to various factors.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 130



                                  Published journalistic price assessments do not always neatly reflect the net price the seller
                                  receives. To estimate a mine netback from a particular delivered location, a number of factors
                                  need to be considered. These could include:

                                          Regional prices (Brazil CFR, SE Asia CFR and US Free-On-Board “FOB” Midwest) are
                                           considered, in addition to annual contract prices in China and India.

                                          Customary industry discounts and rebates are deducted from the listed price – this
                                           information is not publicly available.
                                          Freights are subtracted for CFR (or delivered) sales.
                                          Port costs and inland freight are subtracted.




For personal use only
                                  Pricing assumption for economic analysis
                                  The potash market has underutilised supply capacity which would need to be absorbed before a
                                  structural balance is achieved. The potash price of US$391/t FOB mine (Saskatoon, Real 2024
                                  basis) is based on a central case for BHP that demand is expected to have “caught-up” by the
                                  late 2020s or early 2030s by when new supply is expected to be required.
                                  Before the market reaches a structural balance, we expect prices to cycle at or trend slightly
                                  above forward-looking estimates of short run marginal cost (SRMC), which are similar to the
                                  average prices seen since 2014. This does not preclude the possibility of price upswings, as
                                  witnessed in calendar year 2022. It essentially implies that while excess capacity is present, prices
                                  are unlikely to sustain at inducement levels.
                                  Once structural balance is achieved, and with demand expected to continue to increase, new
                                  supply would be induced. In a central case for BHP, the estimate of the inducement price for the
                                  most likely consistent source of Greenfield supply (identified as a large “bench” of Canadian
                                  resource suitable for solution mining), is similar to the average through cycle price realised over
                                  the last dozen years. In short, the forward looking long run marginal cost (LRMC) is broadly in
                                  line with through-cycle averages, which is considerably above SRMC experience of the last few
                                  years.
                                  To estimate this through-cycle average, Nutrien’s published (quarterly) offshore and onshore
                                  realised prices during 2008-2023 were considered and with quality (standard/granular) and
                                  geographical sales mix adjustments to suit future expected sales from the Jansen operation, as
                                  exhibited in our current plans. Nutrien’s realised prices are net of discount/rebates/freight,
                                  reported on FOB mine basis. After accounting for above adjustments, the average price is
                                  estimated at US$391/t FOB mine (Saskatoon, Real 2024 basis). For the economics analysis
                                  covered in Chapter 19, the FOB mine price is used as defined above. It is noted that the Mineral
                                  Reserves are declared as delivered to the process plant. Refer to Figure 16-3.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                              Page 131




For personal use only
                                 Figure 16-3: Historical MOP pricing (US$/t annual average)2



                        16.1.3 Competitors
                                   Existing producers collectively sell the vast majority of their MOP on a CFR basis, typically as
                                   standalone product, directly to independent bulk buyers, utilizing regional offices, and sometimes
                                   agents. Producers typically sell to well over a hundred buyers that collectively form a diverse and
                                   competitive demand pool. MOP producers’ geo diverse sales help to balance regional offtake
                                   variation that occurs due to local weather conditions, seasons, and crop economics.
                                   Post CFR logistics span from discharge port to 100s of millions of farms around the world. In-
                                   market supply chains can be complex. For the most part, in-market distribution is disaggregated
                                   and managed by many independent downstream entities. Barriers to entry are often low and
                                   margins are often smaller than those captured further upstream.
                                   Where producers choose to sell a portion of their production via their own distribution,
                                   manufacturing or retail assets, it is usually done when they want to capture downstream synergy
                                   from selling other fertilizers, agricultural products, and/or services. Even in regions where potash
                                   producers are particularly active downstream, such as the US and Brazil, the majority of the in-
                                   market supply chain remains independently owned.
                                   Competitors currently produce between two and ~fifteen grades of Potash. Product
                                   characteristics are principally due to the ‘natural’ result of variation of the mill feed and choice of
                                   beneficiation method, but also to suit customers’ needs and preferences. Below is a summary of
                                   key potash producers3.




                        2 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                        reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The information presented does not guarantee future
                        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward
                        Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
                        3 - Competitor information sourced from each competitor’s corporate website
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 132



                                  Nutrien
                                  Nutrien is a member of Canpotex, an export association of Canadian potash producers through
                                  which they sell their Canadian potash outside the US and Canada. Nutrien was formed through
                                  a merger between Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan and Agrium. The merger officially closed
                                  on 01 January 2018 and formed the world’s largest provider of crop inputs and fertilizers. Nutrien
                                  is the world’s largest potash producer with over 20 million tonnes of potash capacity at six potash
                                  mines in Saskatchewan. Nutrien sells nine MOP products including speciality products such as
                                  soluble grade, turf grade, chiclets, animal feed, micro-nutrients, and pharmaceutical grade.
                                  Mosaic
                                  Mosaic is a member of Canpotex, an export association of Canadian potash producers through
                                  which they sell their Canadian potash outside the US and Canada. Mosaic has approximately 10
                                  million tonnes of operational potash capacity. Mosaic sells eight different MOP products including




For personal use only
                                  red/white granular and standard products, and crystal turf.
                                  Every year, Canpotex sells a little less than 20 per cent of global MOP sales from Canada, outside
                                  North America. These sales are handled on behalf of Nutrien and Mosaic.

                                  Uralkali
                                  Uralkali is one of the leading global producers of potash. The Company accounts for a large share
                                  of global potash production. They sell eight different MOP products including: red granular and
                                  standard, white fine and standard and potassium chloride pellets.
                                  Belaruskali
                                  Belaruskali is one of the largest state-owned companies of Belarus and one of the largest
                                  producers of potash fertilizers in the world, accounting for 20 per cent global supply as of 2019.
                                  Belaruskali sells four MOP products including white/red standard and fine MOP.
                                  K+S
                                  K+S Potash Canada is part of the K+S Group, a German-based company that has been mining
                                  and processing potash and salt for over 125 years. K+S Potash Canada extracts potash crude
                                  salt which is further processed into three types of potassium chloride. K+S is the largest potash
                                  producer in Europe. K+S sell four products including pharmaceutical grade MOP.
                                  EuroChem
                                  EuroChem owns and operates plants in Russia, Belgium, Lithuania and China and produces both
                                  standard and enhanced nitrogen, phosphate, two potash products, complex fertilizers as well as
                                  several industrial product lines.

                        16.1.4 Market Entry Strategies
                                  The marketing plans are ultimately under the control of the registrant. As such, the Qualified
                                  Person has relied upon BHP for this information. In the Qualified Person’s opinion and based on
                                  industry experience to date, the marketing plans provided by BHP appear to be reasonable in this
                                  context.
                                  BHP expects to market directly to major customers via a network of regional offices, leveraging
                                  BHP’s existing footprint and capabilities.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 133



                                  From a logistics perspective, like other established sellers, BHP intends to focus on upstream
                                  cost and freight (CFR) sales. Jansen expects to also benefit from being able to direct-rail to North
                                  American customers. Jansen has logistics optionality and flexible granular processing capacity
                                  that means it could shift sales between export regions and North America, depending on the
                                  market. By staying upstream, Jansen can focus on the highest margin part of the value chain and
                                  leverage BHP’s experience in exporting bulk commodity marketing and sea-freight.
                                  BHP plans to target dozens of large buyers across growth regions in the Americas, Asia, and the
                                  rest of the world, by example Africa, noting Jansen will be under-weight in regions such as China
                                  given their historical product preferences. BHP plans to also sell some volumes into the US and
                                  other smaller established regions. Geographic and customer diversity is expected to provide
                                  competitive global access and average out regional demand variation and price netbacks. Actual
                                  sales splits are currently uncertain and depend upon various factors (including regional netback




For personal use only
                                  prices, logistics costs, reliability, and the need for location diversity) and vary over time.
                                  BHP is new to potash and intends to become in time one (of only a few) established sellers. Entry
                                  risk is present during the ramp up of the mine to the expected production volume. Market
                                  conditions at the time of entry are uncertain, and therefore any entry strategy must be fit for
                                  purpose under different conditions.

                        16.2 Contracts and Status
                                  All material contracts required for the development of Jansen Potash project are listed below in
                                  Table 16-1. The Jansen Project does not intend to have agreements with affiliated parties and
                                  plans to create direct purchase engagements.

                                Table 16-1: Awarded and pending packages
                                   Mine Area           Package Description                     Stage 1          Stage 2         Pending
                                                                                              Awarded          Awarded           Award
                                   General               Cables                                  X                                 X
                                                         Communications Equipment                X                                 X
                                                         E-Houses                                X                                 X
                                                         Filters                                 X
                                                         Instrumentation                         X
                                                         Integrated Operations Centre                                              X
                                                         Mine Load Centres                       X
                                                         Rail Car Loadout System                 X
                                                         Raw Ore/Product Handling Area           X
                                                         Switchgear                              X                                 X
                                                         Transformers                            X                                 X
                                                         VFDs                                                                      X
                                   Mining                Bins                                    X                                 X
                                                         Communications Equipment                X                                 X
                                                         Conveyance                              X                                 X
                                                         Dust Collection                         X                                 X
                                                         Foundations                             X                                 X
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                  Page 134



                                   Mine Area           Package Description                Stage 1    Stage 2    Pending
                                                                                         Awarded    Awarded      Award
                                    Mining               Headframe                          X                       X
                                                         Headframe Changeover               X          X
                                                         Hoists                             X                       X
                                                         Mining Equipment                   X                       X
                                                         Mobile Equipment                   X          X            X
                                                         Power Management System            X
                                                         Pulleys & Idlers                   X
                                                         Scales and Sensors                 X                       X
                                                         Underground Development                                    X
                                                         Underground Equipment              X




For personal use only
                                                         Ventilation                        X                       X
                                   Processing            Agitator                           X
                                                         Centrifuges                        X          X
                                                         Compactors                         X                       X
                                                         Conveyance                         X                       X
                                                         Coolers                            X                       X
                                                         Crushers                           X                       X
                                                         Dry Mill Area                      X                       X
                                                         Dryers                             X          X
                                                         Ducts                                                      X
                                                         Dust Collection                                            X
                                                         Flotation                          X                       X
                                                         Foundations                        X                       X
                                                         Heat Exchangers (Shell             X
                                                         Hydrocyclones                      X                       X
                                                         Maintenance Equipment                                      X
                                                         Piping                             X                       X
                                                         Pumps                              X                       X
                                                         Rail Car Loadout System            X
                                                         Raw Ore/Product Handling Area                              X
                                                         Screens                            X                       X
                                                         Scrubbers                          X                       X
                                                         Separators                         X                       X
                                                         Structural Steel                   X                       X
                                                         Tanks                              X
                                                         Thickeners                         X                       X
                                                         Wet Mill Area                      X                       X
                                   Non-Process           Civil Works                        X
                                   Infrastructure        Disposal Wells                     X                       X
                                                         Earthworks                         X                       X
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 135



                                   Mine Area           Package Description                  Stage 1         Stage 2        Pending
                                                                                           Awarded         Awarded          Award
                                    Non-Process          Integrated Operations Centre         X
                                   Infrastructure        Onsite Rail                          X                                X
                                                         Substation                           X                                X
                                                         Tailings                             X

                                   Services              Aggregate                            X                                X
                                                         Camp Management                      X
                                                         Civil Works                          X                                X
                                                         Concrete Batch Plant                 X                                X
                                                         Emergency Response                   X                                X
                                                         Medical Services                     X                                X




For personal use only
                                                         Site Security                        X                                X
                                                         Site Services                        X                                X



                                  In anticipation of Jansen production coming to market, BHP established a dedicated potash
                                  marketing team in 2016 to build a practical understanding of how the potash market works. This
                                  team has recruited and consulted with many industry experts who collectively have extensive
                                  first-hand experience marketing and distributing potash. BHP has spoken with potential potash
                                  buyers and developed working relationships with major potash buyers and has non-binding
                                  Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) in place with key strategic buyers. The marketing team
                                  is intended to be expanded to bring in more specific regional sales experience as considered to
                                  be appropriate. The Qualified Person notes that no potash sales contracts are in place and
                                  considers there to be reasonable time to secure sales contracts prior to first production.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 136



                        17      Environmental Studies, Permitting, Plans and Agreements
                                  Operational controls for environmental management are guided by BHP’s Charter Values. The
                                  Charter Values outline a commitment to develop, implement and maintain management systems
                                  for sustainable development that drive continual improvement and set and achieve targets that
                                  promote efficient use of resources. The Charter is reinforced by a series Global Standards (GS)
                                  documents that have been developed, including Environment GS. These enterprise-level
                                  documents set out minimum performance requirements to everyone in BHP that must be met to
                                  ensure the strategy is delivered, legal obligations are met, defined risks are management and
                                  productivity is improved. The Environment GS applies to environment-related risks and potential
                                  impacts on the physical environment: air, water, land, biodiversity, communities and their
                                  interrelationships.




For personal use only
                        17.1 Environmental Studies and Impact Assessments
                                  The Jansen Project was considered a development subject to the Saskatchewan Environmental
                                  Assessment Act and required the submission of an Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA).
                                  EIAs are used to assess the effect a proposed project may have on the environment by gathering
                                  information about the receiving environment and assessing the consequences that planned
                                  actions may have on the environment. EIAs help determine the necessary mitigations and other
                                  management or remedial measures that may be required for the project to proceed. EIAs define
                                  the receiving environment, identify any potential adverse impacts, and propose measures to
                                  reduce or prevent these impacts. Controls to manage significant impacts are conditioned in the
                                  relevant approval issued by the MOE.
                                  The EIA also determines if any actual or reasonably foreseeable activities conflict with the
                                  following conditions, which are outside BHP’s appetite for risk and listed in Environment GS,
                                  including:

                                          Do not explore or extract resources within the boundaries of World Heritage listed
                                           properties

                                          Do not explore, extract resources or operate where there is a risk of direct impacts to
                                           ecosystems which could result in the extinction of an International Union for Conservation
                                           of Nature (IUCN) Red List Threatened Species in the wild.

                                          Do not dispose of mined waste rock or tailings into a river, surface water body or marine
                                           environment. Do not use aqueous film forming foams (AFFF) containing per and poly-
                                           fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) at operated Assets, replace with fluorine free foam
                                           products.

                                          Unless approval is granted:
                                               o    Do not explore or extract resources adjacent to World Heritage listed properties.
                                                    Approval may be granted only if the proposed activity is demonstrated to be
                                                    compatible with the outstanding universal values for which the World Heritage
                                                    property is listed.
                                               o    Do not explore, extract resources or operate within or adjacent to the boundaries
                                                    of International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Protected Areas
                                                    Categories I to IV. If approval is granted, implement a plan that considers
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 137



                                                    stakeholder and partner (including Indigenous Peoples) expectations and
                                                    contributes to the values for which the protected area is listed.
                                  In November 2008, BHP Canada submitted a Project Proposal to the Environmental Assessment
                                  Branch. After a 30 day public comment period, the Environmental Assessment Branch issued its
                                  Project-specific Guidelines, which defined the type of information BHP Canada would need to
                                  submit in the Environmental Impact Statement (EIS). The Project Proposal was also sent to the
                                  Canadian Federal Government for review in accordance with the Canada-Saskatchewan
                                  Agreement on Environmental Assessment Cooperation. Subsequently, the relevant federal
                                  agencies determined that there were no triggers for a federal assessment.
                                  BHP Canada completed numerous environmental and socio-economic baselines surveys in 2008
                                  and 2009 to support the EIS, inform environmental permit applications and provide information
                                  for management decision making. The survey scopes consist of air, noise, surface and




For personal use only
                                  groundwater, soils, wildlife and vegetation and heritage baseline and targeted surveys across
                                  BHP Canada’s Jansen Project tenure.
                                  Initial public feedback to support the scoping of the baseline surveys and submission of the EIS
                                  started in 2009. During the engagement process, a broad range of interested parties were
                                  engaged at the federal, provincial, regional and local levels. These included, local communities,
                                  Indigenous communities, non-governmental organizations, local business, Crown corporations
                                  and government agencies. Within the local communities, potash mining and its effects are
                                  generally familiar and well understood and the project received strong overall community and
                                  stakeholder support.
                                  In December 2010, BHP Canada submitted the Jansen Project Environmental Impact Statement
                                  (EIS) to the Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment (MOE). The EIS and governments technical
                                  review were made available to the public for comment. The EIS received Ministerial Approval on
                                  29 June 2011.
                                  Since the EIS approval, further engineering and project optimization was completed that resulted
                                  in changes to the mine plan, site layout, and schedule. To maintain Ministerial Approval, two
                                  submissions were made in November 2017 to the MOE Environment Assessment and
                                  Stewardship Branch under Section 16 of The Environmental Assessment Act. The proposed
                                  changes included:

                                          change in ownership of the 7.98 kilometres (km) joint access rail spur connecting the on-
                                           site rail to the Canadian Pacific (CP) Railways mainline from CP to BHP Canada;

                                          increased potash production from 8 to 8.6 million tonnes per annum (Mtpa); and

                                          expansion of the TMA from 388 to 450 hectares (ha).
                                  Approval was received for both submissions on 19 April 2018. To address a potential increase in
                                  production rate, the Project Optimization and EIS Review Summary was submitted and approved
                                  on 19 July 2023.
                                  The Jansen Project EIS identified several Valued Ecosystem Components, which were drawn
                                  from government requirements, public input, applicable legislation and guidelines, results of
                                  baseline studies, the Jansen Project description and the professional judgement of environmental
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                 Page 138



                                  and social scientists. The Jansen Project Valued Ecosystem Components are listed in the table
                                  below (Table 17-1), including mitigation measures.


                                  Table 17-1: Jansen Project Valued Ecosystem Components and Mitigation Measures
                                   Valued
                                   Ecosystem                                             Mitigation Measures
                                   Components
                                   Air                  Use diesel particulate filters, dust suppression, maintaining on-site unpaved roads, air
                                                        quality will meet government standards for protection of people and the environment
                                   Greenhouse Gas       Subject to Government of Saskatchewan mitigation regulations
                                   Noise                Installation of noise reduction equipment, noise monitoring program to track noise, use
                                                        best practises with mining equipment to minimize Project-related noise
                                   Soils                Safe disposal of soil contaminants, re-vegetating soil surfaces to prevent wind and
                                                        water erosion, designing refuelling stations and maintenance facilities to minimize and
                                                        control spills, usage of seepage interceptor ditches to prevent brine migration




For personal use only
                                   Groundwater          Ongoing monitoring program, control of brine (perimeter dykes and ditches, slurry walls,
                                                        pile drainage system)
                                   Ground               Ongoing monitoring of ground elevation
                                   Subsidence
                                   Plants and           Cleaning off-road equipment coming on to site for the first time, limiting soil
                                   Wetlands             disturbances, promptly re-vegetating disturbed areas, monitoring invasive plant
                                                        populations
                                   Wildlife             Habitat Compensation Plan, deterring birds from the brine area as appropriate, no-
                                                        hunting policy on BHP controlled land, Canadian toad salvage program, avoiding
                                                        clearing sensitive areas of vegetation during animal breeding seasons, minimizing light
                                                        on tall site structures
                                   Archaeology and      Avoid heritage and archaeology sites during construction and mining activities
                                   Heritage

                                  The Jansen Project EIS found no significant effects on the Valued Ecosystem Components listed
                                  above after the proposed mitigation measures.
                                  In accordance with the commitments and conditions in the EIS, long-term environmental
                                  monitoring programs were established to monitor for potential environmental effects arising from
                                  site operations. A network of monitoring stations was established in 2013 around the boundary of
                                  the Project. The monitoring programs include air quality, meteorology, noise, groundwater,
                                  wetlands, soils, and wildlife.
                                  BHP Canada committed to developing a habitat compensation program to ensure no net loss of
                                  wetlands and associated habitat as a result of the Project. This program started in 2014.
                                  BHP Canada committed to implementing an environmental management program for the Project
                                  that follows the framework outlined in the EIS. The Jansen Construction Environment
                                  Management Plan (CEMP) describes site specific requirements that have been established for
                                  the Project to minimize environmental impacts during construction and future operations. The
                                  CEMP incorporates internal BHP environmental standards, federal and provincial environmental
                                  standards, and Project regulatory approval requirements.

                        17.2 Waste and tailings disposal
                                  BHP’s commitment to safe tailings management, the Global Industry Standard on Tailings
                                  Management (GISTM) and our ambition to achieve zero harm from tailings is outlined in the BHP
                                  Tailings Storage Facilities (TSF) Policy Statement available on bhp.com (see downloads section)
                                  as approved by the BHP Board in June 2023.
                                  The BHP Tailings Policy outlines our approach to TSF management including:
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                        Page 139



                                                governance and risk management;

                                                Transparency and disclosure; and

                                                Emergency preparedness and response and mechanisms for recovery.
                                  Mandatory minimum performance requirements for TSFs govern how we manage TSF failure
                                  risks across BHP and are aligned with the GISTM (and outlined applicable processes and
                                  associated internal guidance). This is publicly available as the Tailings and Water Storage
                                  Facilities GS (see link to external GS above).
                                  BHP has developed short-, medium- and long-term tailings management strategies.

                                                Our short-term strategy continues to focus on improving Key Risk Indicator
                                                 performance in line with defined targets.




For personal use only
                                                Our medium- and long-term strategies focus on complex risk reduction projects and
                                                 the identification and use of improved tailings management and storage solutions.

                        17.2.1 Waste and Tailings Disposal
                                  The waste produced from the mill will consist primarily of fine tailings (insoluble), coarse salt
                                  tailings, and sodium chloride brine. All tailings will be stored within the TMA. Separate coarse and
                                  fine tailings cells will store the respective waste products. A brine recycling system connected to
                                  the coarse tailings cell will provide brine management for reuse by the mill. Excess brine from
                                  operations or resulting from precipitation events will be pumped from the coarse tailings cell to
                                  the disposal wellfield for injection into the deep Winnipeg-Deadwood Formation.
                                  A combination of dykes, drains and interceptor ditches are intended to be used to contain the
                                  tailings and brine. The coarse tailings facility consists of a tailings and brine storage area
                                  surrounded by perimeter earthen dykes. The facility is designed to store the Environmental
                                  Design Flood (EDF) while maintaining minimum freeboard requirements. The EDF is equal to a
                                  1:100-year precipitation event occurring over a 24-hour period. Additional flood storage will be
                                  available for precipitation events exceeding the EDF up to the Inflow Design Flood (IDF). This will
                                  be done by utilizing overflow spillways constructed into the crest of the coarse tailings area dykes.
                                  The overflow spillways will allow for brine transfer into the interceptor ditches for temporary
                                  storage. The IDF used for design is 300 millimetres in 24 hours, which is slightly greater than the
                                  calculated IDF for high Canadian Dam Association (CDA) consequence dam of 1/3 m between
                                  1:1,000-year and the rational Probable Maximum Precipitation (PMP). As the coarse tailings
                                  volume increases with production, a phased expansion of additional cells will be incorporated to
                                  maintain coarse tailings and flood storage capacity.
                                  The fine tailings facility will consist of a tailings storage, filter dyke, brine decant pond, and tailings
                                  underdrainage system, surrounded by perimeter earthen dykes. This facility is designed to store
                                  the fine tailings produced during operations and clarify the associated brine through surface
                                  transport and filtration through the filter dyke. The fine tailings cell is designed to contain the IDF
                                  within a 24-hour period, while maintaining the minimum freeboard requirements . As fine tailings
                                  volumes increase with production, a perimeter downstream dyke raise and phased expansion of
                                  additional cells will be incorporated to maintain fine tailings and flood storage capacity.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 140



                                  A network of interceptor ditches will surround the TMA. These ditches are designed to intercept
                                  lateral brine migration under the perimeter dykes. These ditches are also designed to collected
                                  brine from the toe drains, located on the downstream side of the dykes. The base of the interceptor
                                  ditches will be keyed into the underlying low permeability unoxidized till. Brine collected in these
                                  ditches will be directed to a sloped collection point, where it will be pumped back into the TMA.
                                  Slurry walls will be constructed as required in the future to mitigate migration of brine in the Upper
                                  and Lower Floral Aquifers from the area underlying the TMA. The timing ofthe slurry wall
                                  installations will be based on the results of regular monitoring of groundwater wells installed in
                                  these aquifer units.

                        17.2.2 Site Monitoring
                                  Visual inspections of the TMA dykes and ditches will be completed on an annual basis by an




For personal use only
                                  independent geotechnical engineer. A comprehensive annual visual dyke inspection (AVDI) will
                                  be conducted to visually examine the containment structures and qualitatively evaluate the
                                  stability of the structures based on the observed appearance. The emphasis of the AVDI will be
                                  to identify any observable danger signs associated with failure mechanisms of the structures. The
                                  findings will be provided to the MOE.
                                  Geotechnical monitoring instrumentation will consist of slope inclinometers, vibrating wire
                                  piezometers and standpipe piezometers installed to varying depths within the dyke, coarse
                                  tailings pile, and foundation soils to monitor pore water pressures and stability conditions.
                                  Geotechnical monitoring instrumentation are to be installed in the dykes and pile foundation soils
                                  shortly after construction, with a continuous growing network of instrumentation installed in the
                                  tailings pile as it grows to facilitate management of the facility.
                                  The minimum calculated Factor of Safety (FOS) equal to 1.5 is presently required for containment
                                  dykes, as per the Saskatchewan Potash Industry Brine Pond Freeboard Guidelines and Reporting
                                  Requirements (MOE, 2018). The calculated FOS is modelled assuming the brine pond levels at
                                  the maximum flood storage level with all modelled dyke cross-sections exceeding the minimum
                                  FOS of 1.5. A minimum calculated FOS equal to 1.3 is required for all segments of the coarse
                                  tailings pile.
                                  Site monitoring of environmental risks including brine migration outside of the TMA footprint will
                                  be completed predominantly through groundwater and surface water monitoring programs. A
                                  long-term groundwater monitoring plan was established for the Project in 2012. The objectives of
                                  the environmental monitoring are to detect and estimate the rate of lateral brine migration from
                                  the TMA and the extent and magnitude of drawdown due to groundwater extraction. Throughout
                                  operations, groundwater levels, surface water and groundwater water chemistry, and
                                  electromagnetic survey data will be collected and analysed in accordance with the Site’s Approval
                                  to Operate.



                        17.2.3 Water Management
                                  In accordance with the Water Management GS, the Project maintains a quantitative water
                                  balance. The water balance provides a summary of the meteorological data, camp occupancy,
                                  pond levels, and inputs and outputs.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 141



                                  In production, the raw water system will consist of the incoming water supply line from SaskWater,
                                  raw water pond, and main pump house. This area will provide raw water to the plant, for fire
                                  protection and to the operating facilities. The onsite storm water pond was designed for zero
                                  discharge; however, design changes have resulted in a requirement for construction phase
                                  discharge from the pond. Permits are issued by provincial regulatory agencies to discharge
                                  annually. During construction and operation, potable water will be supplied through the operating
                                  and permitted centralized water treatment system.

                        17.3 Project Permitting and Approvals
                                  Construction and Operation Environmental Permits
                                  Following the Approval of the EIS, the Jansen Project required federal, provincial and municipal
                                  permits and approval for construction and operation. BHP Canada has received all permits that




For personal use only
                                  have been applied for to-date and do not anticipate any risks to obtaining the required construction
                                  and operation permits for the Project.
                                  The Project maintains an electronic permit register that lists all permits for the Project, which
                                  contains the permit details, requirements, and expiration dates. An internal notification system
                                  alerts the applicable parties when permits are up for renewal.
                                  Decommissioning and Reclamation Plan
                                  A Decommissioning and Reclamation (D&R) Plan has been developed in accordance with the
                                  Saskatchewan Mineral Industry Environmental Protection Regulations, Jansen EIS Commitments
                                  and EIS Approval. Provincial regulations also require that financial assurance be provided for the
                                  mining operations to ensure there are sufficient funds available for the necessary D&R activities.
                                  The D&R Plan was developed to provide information and costs on the concepts that would be
                                  implemented in the event the Jansen Project was to close in December 2021 and discusses the
                                  safety and security of the site, the decommission and reclamation concepts and addresses the
                                  residual risks of the Project through monitoring programs. In accordance with the Mineral Industry
                                  Environmental Protection Regulations, BHP Canada is required to submit and review the D&R
                                  Plan and financial assurance every five years. BHP Canada submitted and received approval for
                                  the first D&R Plan in 2016 and submitted a revised D&R Plan in 2021 and received approval in
                                  2022. The next D&R Plan will be submitted in 2026.
                                  Heritage
                                  In 2009, a Heritage Resource Impact Assessment (HRIA) was completed to support the
                                  submission of the Jansen Environmental Impact Statement (EIS). The HRIA involved pedestrian
                                  surveys, documentation of existing heritage features and informal interviews. Three heritage sites
                                  were identified, one prehistoric archaeological site and two historic built heritage sites. The
                                  Heritage Conservation Branch (HCB) determined that no further work was required at the two
                                  historic built heritage sites. With respect to the third site, a Heritage Resource Impact Assessment
                                  (HRIA) was completed in May 2021. The assessment was submitted and the Saskatchewan
                                  Heritage Conservation Branch determined all HRIA regulatory requirements had been
                                  satisfactorily completed, and there are no concerns with the project proceeding as planned.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 142



                        17.4 Social Plans and Agreements
                                  In the case of Jansen, no aboriginal rights were impacted by the project, the Duty to Consult with
                                  Indigenous groups was not triggered. However, during the development of the Jansen project,
                                  BHP Canada negotiated voluntary agreements with six local Indigenous communities to provide
                                  a basis for collaboration and for effective ongoing communication. As part of the agreements,
                                  commitments to capacity building initiatives on education, training and labour force development
                                  and addresses sharing of information important to environmental management practices. The
                                  agreements are planned to be refreshed every five years.

                        17.5 Closure Planning
                                  Conceptual Closure Plan and Associated Costs
                                  A Conceptual Closure Plan has been developed with the Jansen Project which considers up to




For personal use only
                                  four stages of expansion. The main areas include the mine site, raw ore handling and storage,
                                  process plant, tailings and brine disposal, product storage and loadout, non-process infrastructure
                                  and onsite rail, joint access spurs and wyes. The objective of the closure activities is to achieve
                                  the conditions for physical and chemical stability of the mine site, similar to its pre-development
                                  condition and land use, to ensure public safety and environmental protection. Specific stakeholder
                                  consultation relating to closure has not been conducted to date but will be undertaken based on
                                  the stakeholder engagement strategy for the Project.
                                  Progressive reclamation is the reclamation of areas no longer required for operations and
                                  provides a potential means to enable a cost-effective, timely closure. It is anticipated that the
                                  majority of the Project site will be actively utilized while the mine is operational and therefore
                                  opportunities for progressive reclamation may be limited.
                                  Site decommissioning will be staged, first with the mine site, then process facilities and finally the
                                  TMA. All buildings and associated infrastructure will be decommissioned and demolished once
                                  no longer required for long-term closure activities. All waste will be classified as either hazardous
                                  or non-hazardous and disposed accordingly.
                                  The TMA at closure will consist of the fine and coarse TMAs. The fine tailings are expected to
                                  consolidate to enable access for equipment to cover with granular fill, soil and re-vegetate. The
                                  coarse TMA will be closed and reclaimed through either natural or enhanced dissolution. The
                                  current conceptual closure plan for coarse tailings involves long-term natural dissolution by
                                  precipitation, and the collection and disposal of the resulting brine through brine disposal wells
                                  into the Winnipeg-Deadwood Formation, which are highly saline aquifers below the mining
                                  horizon. Enhanced dissolution involves the water sources identified in natural dissolution as well
                                  as utilizing poor quality water (unusable for consumption or irrigation) from an aquifer.
                                  The end uses for the rehabilitated site are currently identified as a mix of agricultural and
                                  wetland/upland habitat, but will be subject to future stakeholder discussions.
                                  An environmental monitoring and maintenance program will be conducted to assess the physical,
                                  chemical, and biological stability of the rehabilitated mine, where necessary, proactivity identify
                                  areas where maintenance is required. The intention of this program is to confirm whether the site
                                  closure criteria have been achieved, and to ensure the closure activities are progressing
                                  successfully towards meeting these criteria and attaining the close out status.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 143



                                  The conceptual closure cost model is made up of a detailed direct cost estimate for each of the
                                  reclamation activities identified for each project component. Despite the detailed estimation of the
                                  closure costs, there is a vast amount of time before the closure plan is to be executed, and
                                  consequently limits the accuracy of the cost, with the current conceptual closure plan representing
                                  one of many possible closure options. BHP Canada continues to work with the relevant provincial
                                  ministries to maintain an appropriate level of financial security for mine closure requirements.
                                  The conceptual closure costs are represented in the economic evaluation as a lump sum one
                                  year after active mining stops, with primary closure of the mine site buildings, processing plant,
                                  and non-process infrastructure occurring approximately within the first five years of closure. An
                                  annual cost of CA$2.7M, exclusive of indirect costs and contingency, is captured in the economic
                                  evaluation for the duration of the post closure monitoring, maintenance, and the reclamation of
                                  coarse tailings, accomplished through long-term dissolution by precipitation, collection, and




For personal use only
                                  disposal of the resulting brine through disposal wells, and the reclamation of said disposal wells.
                                  The closure cost estimate is CA$2.4B, excluding contingency and indirect costs.

                        17.6 Local procurement and hiring
                                  BHP works in partnership with Indigenous peoples around the world. The success of these
                                  relationships is critical to our success as a company.
                                  BHP is committed to supporting the communities in which we operate through the delivery of local
                                  industry participation benefits.
                                  Local and Indigenous Procurement
                                  The Jansen Project brings significant potential for involving Indigenous and local contractors and
                                  suppliers with a focus on First Nation organizations. BHP Canada has signed voluntary
                                  Opportunity Agreements (OAs) with communities near the Jansen Project as follows:
                                  Kawacatoose First Nation, Day Star First Nation, Muskowekwan First Nation, Beardy’s and
                                  Okemasis’ Cree Nation, Fishing Lake First Nation, and George Gordon First Nation. The purpose
                                  of the OAs is to enable a collaborative working relationship between the First Nations and BHP
                                  Canada by providing business and economic, employment, training and community development
                                  opportunities. This, in addition to the introduction of 7-day payment terms for all small, local and
                                  Indigenous owned businesses, which took effect in June 2021.
                                  Local and Indigenous Hiring
                                  During Jansen mine operations, BHP Canada has publicly stated our intent is that our Indigenous
                                  workforce reflects the underlying demographic of the region. For more on Indigenous hiring,
                                  please see Section 17.4 on social value and agreements.
                                  Additionally, BHP Canada is expected to implement processes designed to increase Indigenous
                                  and female participation in employment opportunities independent of the apprenticeship program.



                        17.7 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
                                  In the Qualified Persons opinion, the risks associated with environmental compliance and
                                  permitting, water management and cultural heritage are well understood and managed in
                                  accordance with BHP’s Global Standards for Health, Environment, Community and Indigenous
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 144



                                  Peoples, Closure and Legacy Management and regulatory requirements. BHP’s approach to
                                  social investment and commitment to the local communities has resulted in long-term
                                  relationships that will continue for the life of the project.
                                  In the opinion of the Qualified Person, there is a high likelihood that changes to the closure plan
                                  and cost will occur as it progresses from conceptual design to detailed design. The closure
                                  management plans should be regularly reviewed to reflect updated asset planning and include
                                  current knowledge from on-site experience, regionally, across other BHP businesses, and
                                  globally in the mining industry.




For personal use only
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 145



                        18      Capital and Operating Costs

                        18.1 Operating Cost
                        18.1.1 Operating Cost Estimate
                                  The operating cost estimate for Jansen were developed to capture costs defined as mine gate.
                                  This includes all costs spanning from the mining face underground to the loading of product to
                                  rail at the site.
                                  The operating cost estimate includes all personnel and activities within the battery limits of the
                                  scope, and includes operational and statutory management, administration, and support
                                  personnel associated with the operation. Specifically, the operating cost estimate captures all
                                  costs related to:




For personal use only
                                          Mining operations and maintenance

                                          Processing operations and maintenance

                                          Non-process infrastructure operations and maintenance

                                          Indirect costs including:
                                                               costs associated with the Saskatoon Integrated Operations Centre (IOC)
                                                               Marketing and selling costs
                                                               Intra-Group Service Charges (IGSC’s) and share & executive awards

                                          Carbon costs and applicable sales tax

                                          Sustaining capital associated with any of the items identified
                                  There are tax-related expenses that will be incurred by Jansen that are not covered in the
                                  operating cost estimate and are instead captured within the economic analysis separately. These
                                  include:

                                          Royalties (including Crown royalties and Saskatchewan resource surcharge)

                                          Business income taxes including potash production taxes, federal income taxes and
                                           provincial income taxes)
                                  The operating cost inputs and drivers have been primarily sourced from bottom-up estimates,
                                  operational experience and benchmarking, budget quotes from potential vendors, design
                                  specifications, and currently contracted rates where applicable. The operating cost estimate for
                                  Jansen Project is developed to an accuracy level within a +/-25% range. The estimate includes
                                  costs from all areas from the mine face up to and including the load out operations. Table 18-1
                                  reflects the operating cost in US$ equivalent with breakout between variable and fixed costs. The
                                  aggregated operating cost is derived by adding the product variable costs to the result of dividing
                                  the fixed costs and sustaining capital by the expected 8.5 Mt of saleable product per annum,
                                  yielding US$/t KCl.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 146




                                  Table 18-1: Major Components of Operating Costs for Jansen Mine4

                                            Cost Category
                                                                         Cost Sub Category                               US$/t KCI
                                             (Real 2024)
                                                                          Mine Operating Costs                                         1
                                                                         Processing Operating Costs                                    9
                                    Product Variable Costs
                                                                         Non-Process Infrastructure (NPI)                              1
                                                                         Other Variable Costs                                        23
                                                                                                                         US$M
                                                                         Mine Operating Costs                                      124
                                                                         Processing Operating Costs                                  86
                                    Fixed Costs                          Indirect                                                    49




For personal use only
                                                                         Non-Process Infrastructure (NPI)                            15
                                                                         Other Fixed Costs                                           91
                                    Sustaining Capital                                                                             108



                                   Variable costs in each of the areas referenced in Table 18-1 include production consumables,
                                   utilities (power, natural gas, diesel, and water), as well as processing reagents as the primary
                                   drivers. These costs will be incurred with the start of saleable product being produced. All
                                   consumption values per tonne were estimated considering the Jansen engineering design and
                                   benchmarked estimates from our Potash SME team. The unit costs used in the variable cost
                                   calculations were sourced from budget quotes from local vendors as well as publicly available
                                   information where possible.
                                   Fixed costs within each area consist of labour and maintenance as the primary drivers. Fixed
                                   costs are displayed as an annual basis and are applied over the life of mine. Labour costs unit
                                   rates referenced locally benchmarked labour rates in the region with total headcount estimated
                                   utilizing the Jansen mining and processing design. Maintenance costs utilized benchmarked
                                   annual costs for known equipment types multiplied with the known asset counts from within the
                                   design. Indirect costs were developed reviewing the current BHP benchmarked costs from other
                                   assets while considering the Potash specific work requirements.
                                   Sustaining capital costs take into account the continued development of the mine and need to
                                   install additional material handling infrastructure. Other main drivers within sustaining capital are
                                   major maintenance programs, asset replacement, and tailings area expansions throughout the
                                   life of the mine. Sustaining capital is treated as and embedded with the operating expenses.




                        4 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                        reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
                        Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
                        assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
                        information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
                        Report Summary.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 147



                        18.1.2 Basis and Accuracy Level for Cost Estimates
                                  The cost estimation procedure and the uncertainty analysis for the operating cost of the project
                                  has been reviewed and analysed by an independent 3rd party team to remove potential bias from
                                  the process. The uncertainty analysis was facilitated by the 3rd party team and utilized external
                                  subject matter experts. All outputs of the estimated process have been reviewed and approved
                                  as accurate in the opinion of the qualified person and are within level of accuracy stated at the
                                  time that they were developed. At the conclusion of the process the mid case estimate outlined
                                  within this document was acknowledged as within the range of accuracy with limited changes
                                  suggested.
                                  The results of the ranging exercises determined the contingency for mine gate, on site rail, and
                                  sustaining capital fall within the 15% allowable contingency in a prefeasibility study. Contingency
                                  is developed for the Operating Cost estimate and applied within the economic analysis and




For personal use only
                                  economic evaluation modelling.
                                  The culmination of the ranging exercises resulted in contingencies appropriate to prefeasibility
                                  accuracy, which were developed for the Operating Cost estimate and applied within the economic
                                  analysis, decision evaluation modelling.
                                  The final resulting estimate that was utilized in the cost analysis was reviewed and endorsed by
                                  the operating cost estimate owner and deemed suitable for use in the opinion of the qualified
                                  person within the accuracy stated within this document.

                        18.2 Capital Cost
                        18.2.1 Capital Cost Estimate
                                  The Jansen Project Capital Cost Estimate (Capex) was developed by BHP Canada, its
                                  consultants and engineering service providers. Communications, power, water, and natural gas
                                  are provided by provincial crown corporations. Connections to the water and natural gas
                                  infrastructure are complete. The scope for Jansen Project is comprised of:

                                          A fully lined service shaft with permanent hoists capable of 1,750 tph, equipped with steel
                                           guides and loading/unloading to accommodate two 50-tonne skips and a 90-person
                                           service cage;

                                          A fully lined production shaft. The existing sinking arrangement will undergo a hoist and
                                           headframe changeover to accommodate the interim hoisting requirements for the lateral
                                           connection of the two shafts and subsequent shaft pillar development. The interim
                                           arrangement of the production shaft will be changed over to a permanent arrangement
                                           equipped with steel guides and loading/unloading to accommodate two 75-tonne skips
                                           capable of 2,200 tph to 2,700 tph of hoisting, noting engineering is ongoing.

                                          A shaft pillar area with skip loading facilities, conveyor networks, raw ore storage bin
                                           (vertical), remote storage area (horizontal), refuge stations, workshops, materials
                                           management areas, offices, principal refuge chambers, mobile equipment battery
                                           charging stations, and parking areas.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 148



                                             Establishment of three mining districts that host the production mining panels and
                                              supporting development units, and are connected to the shaft infrastructure through
                                              conveyor networks.

                                             Production and development mining equipment, including MF460 borers, extendable belt
                                              systems, continuous miners, batch haulage, and supporting fleet of underground
                                              personnel and service vehicles;

                                             Two 1,483 tph ore processing plants including:

                                               Raw ore handling, storage, and crushing

                                               Process mill building wet area comprising attrition scrubbing, desliming, flotation, and
                                                debrining

                                               Process mill building dry area comprising drying, screening, compaction, and glazing




For personal use only
                                               Tailings processing and reagents

                                               Product handling, storage, screening, and loadout
                                  Non-process infrastructure, including a tailings management area, administration building,
                                  warehousing, workshops, utilities, on-site rail, and financial support for port facility conversion to
                                  ship product to overseas markets.
                                  The majority of the direct cost estimate is based on engineering designs which include design
                                  drawings, 3D models, equipment, and instrument lists based on process flow diagrams and piping
                                  and instrumentation diagrams, and other engineered quantities. The capex estimate includes
                                  quantities for common indirects, implementation contractor services (EPCM), owner’s team that
                                  are based on personnel requirements for the duration of the project. Provincial sales taxes are
                                  calculated based on Saskatchewan tax regulations. Escalation estimates during execution are
                                  calculated based on IHS Markit indexes for various commodities and labour types.
                                  The majority of the direct bulks and equipment supply pricing is based on budget pricing from the
                                  market. Some of the packages were at very advanced stages of development thus had been
                                  awarded to the vendors at the time of study completion. The majority of the direct trade labour
                                  rates are based on input from the tier 1 construction contractors as well as the negotiated project
                                  labour agreement with the trade unions. In the opinion of the Qualified Person, based on the
                                  engineering, execution schedule, project execution plan, market pricing and labour pricing
                                  information available at the time of study, the capex estimate includes all required elements of
                                  cost to cover the defined scope and is appropriate for the project.
                                  Total Jansen Mine capex summary is as follows (Table 18-2). Sunk costs are exclusive; economic
                                  evaluation is performed using go forward costing.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 149


                                  Table 18-2: Jansen Capex by Area, US$B (Real 2024)5


                                                             Total Sunk Projected at              Total to go FY25
                                Description                                                                                    Grand Total Capex
                                                             end of FY24                          Onwards

                                Mining                                      0.9                              2.7                             3.6

                                Surface                                     1.5                              3.9                             5.4

                                Total                                       2.4                              6.6                             9.0



                                   All costs in Table 18-2 exclude escalation and inflation. Capital expenditure is aligned with mine
                                   gate prices and therefore exclude all port and off-site rail.




For personal use only
                        18.2.2 Basis and Accuracy Level for Cost Estimates
                                   The majority of the quantities are developed from design drawings, 3D models, equipment, and
                                   instrument lists based on process flow diagrams, piping and instrumentation diagrams, and other
                                   engineered quantities. The majority of the pricing of bulks and plant equipment is sourced from
                                   the market.
                                   The uncertainty and risk analysis for capex has been facilitated by a 3rd party team to remove
                                   potential bias from the ranging process, however BHP Canada led the effort for model and results.
                                   In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the process undertaken for ranging is appropriate and
                                   based on the project information available at the time of study, covers for all the uncertainties and
                                   risks that the project may be subject to during execution. The team that ranged the risks and
                                   uncertainties consisted of both internal and external subject matter experts while applying the
                                   ranging methodology as described below:

                                             Estimate roll-up of cost and schedule

                                             Solicitation of ranges from various internal and external subject matter experts

                                             Range modelling and analysis

                                             Incorporating Jansen Independent Peer Review recommendations

                                             Final results and reporting
                                   Uncertainties and risks are quantified by the following ranging categories:

                                             Scope of work




                        5 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                        reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
                        Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
                        assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
                        information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
                        Report Summary.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 150



                                          Labour or service rates

                                          Labour productivity

                                          Supply rates of equipment and bulks

                                          Discrete project risks
                                  The culmination of the ranging inputs available at the time of risks and uncertainties assessment
                                  has the economic testing completed with a total installed cost (TIC) of Real US$9.0 billion. This
                                  represents an expected contingency of up to but not exceeding 15 per cent of the total installed
                                  cost. The accuracy range around the expected overall capex is +/-25 per cent. In the opinion of
                                  the Qualified Person, based on the technical information available and associated ranging on this
                                  information at the time, resulting contingency and ranges are appropriate for the project to cover
                                  for uncertainties and risks during execution.




For personal use only
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 151



                        19      Economic Analysis

                        19.1 Key assumptions, parameters and methods used
                                  The economic analysis presented in this section is based on annual cash flow projections
                                  including sales revenue (sales point FOB Mine), operating and closure costs, capital
                                  expenditures, royalties, income and production taxes.

                        19.1.1 Mine Plan Physicals
                                  The mine production is modelled on an expected basis. The expected value is considered to be
                                  the most likely outcome when considering a range and likelihood of possible scenarios. The
                                  Expected run-of-mine (RoM) production is 23.4 Mtpa, life of mine grade of 24.8 per cent K2O,
                                  recovery of 88 per cent and a concentrate of 60.4 per cent K2O resulting in a life of mine average
                                  of 8.5 Mt of saleable product per annum. The development of the reserves generated is available




For personal use only
                                  in Section 12 and the mining profile is presented in Sections 13 and 14. Jansen expected annual
                                  run-of-mine production and expected run-of-mine grade is presented in Figure 13-4.

                        19.1.2 Potash Price
                                  The sales point is assumed as mine gate with annual revenue determined by applying the through
                                  cycle historic average price of US$391/t FOB mine (Saskatoon, Real 2024 basis) to the annual
                                  life of mine production. The development of the historic average pricing is outlined in Section 16
                                  of this document.

                        19.1.3 Foreign Exchange Rate
                                  Inputs into the economic analysis are primarily in Canadian dollars with some United States
                                  dollars inputs. An average foreign exchange rate for the preceding three financial years (July
                                  2020 to June 2023) of 1.30 CA$/US$ was provided by the registrant to convert and present cash
                                  flows in US dollars.

                        19.1.4 Capital and Operating Costs
                                  Capital costs (refer Section 18.2) prior to FY2024 have been treated as sunk costs and are not
                                  included in the analysis. Capital expenditure is aligned with mine gate prices and therefore
                                  exclude all port capital requirements.
                                  Sustaining capital and average operating cost over the life of mine is illustrated in Section 18.1,
                                  Table 18-1. Operating costs are aligned with mine gate prices and therefore exclude all port cost.

                        19.1.5 Closure Costs
                                  Closure and rehabilitation costs are included in the economic analysis following the end of mine
                                  life (refer Section 17.5 Closure Planning).

                        19.1.6 Royalties and Taxes
                                  BHP Canada’s potash mining operations will be subject to the following royalties and taxes in
                                  Canada:
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 152



                                  Saskatchewan Crown Royalties: Royalties of 3 per cent of the value of potash produced based
                                  on the average price realized by the producer in the year as determined by revenues and sales
                                  under The Potash Production Tax Regulations.
                                  Saskatchewan Resource Surcharge: The Resource Surcharge is a corporate capital tax levied at
                                  a rate of 3 per cent of the value of sales of potash in Saskatchewan.
                                  Saskatchewan Municipal and School Taxes: Saskatchewan property taxes are levied by
                                  municipal councils and school boards to support local infrastructure and school programs.
                                  Saskatchewan Potash Production Tax: The Government of Saskatchewan imposes a Potash
                                  Production Tax comprising two components, a Base Payment and a Profit Tax.
                                  Corporate Income Taxes: The Government of Canada and the Government of Saskatchewan
                                  charge corporate income tax at rates of 15 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively, for a combined




For personal use only
                                  rate of 27 per cent of taxable income for the year. Saskatchewan Crown Royalties, Resource
                                  Surcharge, Municipal and School taxes, and Potash Production Tax are deductible for Corporate
                                  Income Tax purposes.

                        19.1.7 Valuation Assumptions
                                  Discounted annual cash flows are calculated using a 7.0 per cent real, post-tax discount rate at a
                                  valuation date of 2024. The discount rate has been provided by the registrant for utilisation in the
                                  economic analysis and is based on the average of weighted average cost of capital disclosures
                                  by brokers, adjusted where required for inflation of 2.0 per cent per annum.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 153



                        19.2 Results of Economic Analysis
                                   Results of the economic analysis based on the LoA production schedule of Jansen project mineral
                                   reserves is summarised in Figure 19-1.
                                   Total cash flow forecast of US$64.3 billion, discounted to June 2024 at 7.0 per cent results in a
                                   net present value (NPV) of US$11.2 billion. Refer to Table 19-1.6



                                3.0
                                2.5
                                2.0
                                1.5
                                1.0
                                0.5




For personal use only
                                  .
                               (0.5)
                               (1.0)
                               (1.5)
                               (2.0)
                               (2.5)   2076
                                       2074
                                       2072
                                       2070
                                       2068
                                       2066
                                       2064
                                       2062
                                       2060
                                       2058
                                       2056
                                       2054
                                       2052
                                       2050
                                       2048
                                       2046
                                       2044
                                       2042
                                       2040
                                       2038
                                       2036
                                       2034
                                       2032
                                       2030
                                       2028
                                       2026
                                       2024
                                                                           Fiscal Year Ending (30 June)


                        Figure 19-1: Annual Cash Flow (US$B Real 2024)


                                 The cash flow summary on an annual basis is provided in Table 19-1 below. The annual cash
                                 flow is presented with the inputs grouped in time periods where the annual inputs for each year
                                 are substantially the same throughout the relevant grouped period.




                        6 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                        reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
                        Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
                        assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
                        information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
                        Report Summary.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 154



                                  Table 19-1: Annual Cash Flow and Summary7
                                          Mineral Reserves                                         Average per financial year ending 30 June
                                         Economic Viability


                                                                                    Total     2024-2026       2027-2031       2032-2073       2074-2075       2076+

                         Material movement including waste               Mt         1,070           -            11.7            23.4             12.2           -
                         Revenue                                    US$ billion     151.1           -             1.6             3.3             1.7            -
                         Operating costs                            US$ billion     (30.9)       (0.0)           (0.4)           (0.7)            (0.6)          -
                         Capital Expenditures                       US$ billion
                                                                                    (12.6)       (1.5)           (0.6)           (0.1)            (0.1)          -
                         (includes Sustaining)
                         Closure & rehabilitation                   US$ billion     (0.4)           -             0.0             0.0             0.0          (0.4)
                                               8                    US$ billion                                                                                  .
                         Royalties and taxes                                        (42.8)          -            (0.1)           (1.0)            (0.5)




For personal use only
                         After-tax cash flow                        US$ billion     64.3         (1.5)            0.5             1.6             0.5         (0.4) 9

                         Discount cash flow                         US$ billion     11.2         (1.3)            0.3             0.3             0.0          (0.0)




                                    The annual projected cash flow presented in Figure 19-1 and Table 19-1 includes all closure and
                                    rehabilitation related annual cash flows summed after the final year of mineral reserve production.
                                    The internal rate of return (IRR) is 18.3 per cent and the payback period is 8 years following first
                                    production. It is the Qualified Person’s opinion that extraction of the mineral reserve is
                                    economically viable.

                        19.3 Sensitivity Analysis
                                    Economic sensitivity analysis results are presented in Table 19-2 are based on variations in
                                    significant input parameters and assumptions. It is noted that the top three influencing factors in
                                    the economic testing are the sale price of the product, process throughput connected to the
                                    uncertainty of the production mining system performance, and process recovery. The tested
                                    scenarios all yielded a positive return.




                        7 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                        reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
                        Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
                        assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
                        information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
                        Report Summary.
                        8 - Taxes includes royalties
                        9 - Includes the terminal value of C$2.7M in annual post closure monitoring costs
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                 Page 155




                                  Table 19-2: Results of sensitivity analysis (Unrisked NPV US$B) 10

                                                                                     -20%          -10%             Reference         +10%              +20%

                                     Potash price (FOB mine)                         7.1           9.2              11.2              13.2              15.2

                                     Throughput                                      7.3           9.3              11.2              13.1              15.0

                                     Grade                                           7.8           9.5              11.2              12.8              14.3

                                     Recovery                                        7.3           9.3              11.2              13.1              13.7

                                     Exchange Rate                                   9.6           10.5             11.2              11.7              12.2




For personal use only
                                     Capital expenditure (Execution)                 11.6          11.4             11.2              10.8              9.8

                                     Operating costs                                 11.8          11.5             11.2              10.9              10.4




                        10 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
                        reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
                        Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
                        assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
                        information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
                        Report Summary.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 156



                        20      Adjacent Properties
                                  Figure 20-1 shows the properties and their owners adjacent to the Jansen project. BHP Canada
                                  owns additional potash dispositions north, south, and south-east of Jansen. Exploration on the
                                  KL 218, KL 211 (Burr) and on KL 205, KL 206, KL 207 (Boulder) properties includes 2D seismic
                                  surveys followed by some 3D seismic surveys and limited drilling.
                                  West of Jansen is Nutrien’s Lanigan operation (KLSA 001). Publicly available NI 43-101 reports
                                  indicate that the Lanigan operation has extracted potash from the same LPL sub-member as
                                  Jansen is planning to mine since production begin in 1968. Since 2007 the Lanigan operation
                                  has also expanded mining to the UPL sub-member. Lanigan currently operates three disposal
                                  wells that inject waste brine into the Winnipeg and Deadwood formations.
                                  Based on the Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and resources information the KL 282 Potash
                                  disposition north, north-east of Jansen is owned by Canada Golden Fortune Potash Corp. a




For personal use only
                                  wholly owned Canadian subsidiary of the Shanghai Jingdi Investment Ltd. company based in
                                  Shanghai, China. The company’s website indicates that exploration activities at the property were
                                  limited to 2D seismic surveys.
                                  The Qualified Person states that they have been unable to verify the information available from
                                  the adjacent properties and that the available information is not necessarily indicative of the
                                  quality and nature of mineralization present at the Jansen property.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                    Page 157




For personal use only


                                Figure 20-1: Jansen lease and neighbouring potash dispositions and properties.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 158



                        21      Other Relevant Data and Information
                                  Annual Risk Reviews are conducted jointly by Assets and the BHP Resource Centre of Excellence
                                  to ensure significant and material risks to Tenure, Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are
                                  adequately managed. The Risk Review process identifies key reporting changes regarding the
                                  annual declaration of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves and agreed actions requiring
                                  completion prior to BHP’s annual reporting. Issues and opportunities identified during the Risk
                                  Reviews inform the Annual Assurance Plan and scopes for potential Controls Effectiveness
                                  Collaborative Assessment reviews and identify good practice that can be shared across BHP.




For personal use only
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 159



                        22      Interpretation and Conclusions


                        22.1 Mineral Resources
                                  The Jansen Mineral Resources are based on available historical data and on an extensive
                                  exploration program conducted by BHP Canada at the Jansen project. Knowledge gained by
                                  exploration in adjacent properties and other areas of the basin, from publicly available historical
                                  data, and from publicly available mining history also contributed to the assessment and
                                  classification of the Jansen resource. The limited number of drill hole intersections, core sample
                                  sizes, horizontal and vertical resolution of the seismic data are factors that introduce uncertainty
                                  into the Mineral Resources estimates. The impact of these were carefully considered during the
                                  estimation process and in the classification of the resource areas. It is the opinion of the Qualified




For personal use only
                                  Person, that based on the available data, the known limitations of the data, interpretations, and
                                  methodologies the Jansen Mineral Resources estimate is considered fit for purpose in supporting
                                  and for forming the basis of a Mineral Reserves estimate.

                        22.2 Mineral Reserves
                                  Uncertainties that affect the reliability or confidence in the Mineral Reserve estimate include but
                                  are not limited to:

                                          Future macro-economic environment, including product prices and foreign exchange rate;

                                          Changes to operating cost assumptions, including labour costs;

                                          Ability to continue sourcing water from the Saskatoon South East Water Supply;

                                          Ability to preserve ongoing reliable power supply;

                                          Changes to mining, hydrogeological, geotechnical parameters and assumptions reflected
                                           in mining recovery;

                                          Ability to maintain environmental and social license to operate;

                                          Integrity of the shaft liner beyond the design life of 70 to 80 years.
                                  Confidence in the Mineral Reserve is reflected in the applied reserve classifications in accordance
                                  with the US SEC S-K 1300 with factors influencing classification including but not limited to mining
                                  methods, processing methods, economic assessment and other life of asset and closure
                                  assessments.
                                  In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the positive project NPV provides confidence in the Mineral
                                  Reserve estimate and the supporting mine plan, under the set of assumptions and parameters
                                  used in which they were developed. The Probable Mineral Reserve classification considers the
                                  Measured classification of the Mineral Resources classification and the uncertainty of the mining
                                  factors.
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 160



                        23      Recommendations
                                  The Jansen Stage 1 project is currently in Execution phase. First saleable product is expected in
                                  2026. Jansen Stage 2 is also in Execution with first saleable product expected in 2028. There
                                  are no current work plan recommendations for the next financial year outside of the planned
                                  Project execution.




For personal use only
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 161



                        24      References
                                  The list of the references cited in this report is given below.
                                  BHP (2021) Press Release. BHP approves investment in Jansen Stage 1 potash project. 17
                                  August 2021.
                                  BHP (2023) Press Release. BHP approves US$4.9 billion investment in stage two of Jansen
                                  potash project. 31 October 2023
                                  Fuzesy. A, (1982). Potash in Saskatchewan, Saskatchewan Industry and Resource Report 181
                                  Halabura, S. P., Gebhardt, E. and Kuchling, K. (2005). Technical Report for Subsurface mineral
                                  permit KP 286, Jansen Area, Saskatchewan. Anglo Minerals Ltd. SEDAR.
                                  Halabura, S. P. and Gebhardt, E. (2006). Technical Report concerning estimation of mineral




For personal use only
                                  resource for Upper Belle Plaine sub-member, subsurface mineral permits KP285, KP286, and
                                  KP290, Jansen Area, Saskatchewan. Anglo Minerals Ltd. SEDAR
                                  Mackintosh, A. D. and McVittie, G. A. (1983). Geological anomalies observed at the Cominco Ltd.
                                  Saskatchewan potash mine; in McKercher, R.M. (ed.), Potash 83 Potash Technology – Mining,
                                  Processing, Maintenance, Transportation, Occupational Health and Safety, Environment,
                                  Pergamon Press Toronto, pp.59-64.
                                  Ministry of Environment (2018). Saskatchewan Potash Industry Brine Pond Freeboard Guidelines
                                  and Reporting Requirement.
                                  The Oil and Gas Conservation Regulations, (1985)
                                  The Environment Assessment Act. Saskatchewan
                                  Mineral Industry Environmental Protection Regulations, Saskatchewan
                                  Potash Production Tax and Crown Royalty:
                                  https://publications.saskatchewan.ca/api/v1/products/112630/formats/126664/download
                        SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                 Page 162



                        25      Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant
                                  The Qualified Persons have relied on information provided by BHP in preparing its findings and
                                  conclusions regarding certain aspects of modifying factors, which are listed in Table 25-1.


                                Table 25-1: Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant
                                                                Report       Portion of              Disclose Why the Qualified
                                   Category                     Item/        Technical Report        Person Considers it Reasonable
                                                                Portion      Summary                 to Rely upon the Registrant
                                                                             Market Information      Based on industry experience to date, the
                                                                Section
                                   Marketing Plans                           and Market Entry        marketing plans provided by BHP appear to be
                                                                16.1
                                                                             Strategies              reasonable for a new market entrant.
                                                                                                     Information maintained by BHP through a
                                                                Section      Information
                                   Marketing Information                                             specialist Market Analysis and Economics
                                                                16.1         concerning markets
                                                                                                     team.




For personal use only
                                                                Section      Contracts required to   Information maintained by a dedicated Supply
                                   Marketing
                                                                16.2         develop the property    team within BHP.
                                                                             Environmental
                                                                Section
                                                                             Studies and Impact      Matters related to environmental studies and
                                                                17.1
                                   Environmental matters                     Assessments             permitting are undertaken by professional teams
                                                                Section
                                                                             Project Permitting      within BHP.
                                                                17.3
                                                                             Requirements
                                                                                                     Matters related to environmental studies are
                                                                                                     undertaken by professional teams within BHP.
                                                                                                     The closure cost estimate represents future
                                                                Section
                                   Environmental matters                     Closure Planning        costs based on current conceptual expectations
                                                                17.5
                                                                                                     of site future conditions. Closure management
                                                                                                     plans are regularly reviewed and updated to
                                                                                                     ensure relevancy in current context.
                                                                             Social Plans and
                                                                Section                              Matters related to social plans, agreements with
                                                                             Agreements with
                                                                17.4                                 local groups, local procurement and hiring are
                                   Plans for local groups                    Local groups, Local
                                                                Section                              managed by dedicated professional teams
                                                                             procurement and
                                                                17.7                                 within BHP.
                                                                             Hiring
                                                                                                     Matters related to discount rate, FX rates, and
                                                                                                     interest rates are maintained by financial
                                                                             Foreign Exchange
                                   Macro-economic                                                    professionals within BHP and the accounting
                                                                Section 19   rates (FX) and
                                   Assumptions                                                       practices are externally audited annually. The
                                                                             discount rates
                                                                                                     discount and FX rates appear appropriate and in
                                                                                                     line with current market conditions.
                                   Governmental factors         Section      Royalty and taxation    These are external factors that BHP has to
                                                                19.1                                 comply with and data is maintained by financial
                                                                                                     professionals within BHP
                                                                                   Exhibit 97.1




           BHP




           Malus and Clawback Policy

           October 2021
           (Updated by the People and Remuneration Committee on 1 November 2023)

                                                                                             1




For personal use only
           Overview
           This Malus and Clawback Policy applies to BHP’s Incentive Plans. For the avoidance of doubt, these Incentive Plans include (but are not limited to)
           awards made under the following arrangements:
           •            Cash and Deferred Plan (CDP)
           •            Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)
           •            Management Award Plan (MAP)

           It should be noted that this Policy is not a substitute for careful reading of the applicable malus and clawback provisions in the relevant Incentive Plan
           rules or related equity grant, or Incentive Plan participation documentation.


           Mandatory trigger events
           BHP is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and as a consequence BHP must apply a Mandatory Clawback Policy to certain officers’ incentive based
           compensation if an accounting ‘Restatement’ is required. This Mandatory Clawback Policy applies to BHP’s Incentive Plans and is attached as an
           addendum to this policy.


           Discretionary trigger events
           The People and Remuneration Committee of the Board has discretion to determine whether any other trigger event has occurred. The following is
           summary guidance of the types of events that may trigger a pay adjustment in relation to Incentive Plan awards or payments:
                         1.      An error in the Group’s financial statements which requires a material downward restatement or is otherwise material or where
                                 information has emerged since the award date which would have affected the cash amount or number of shares in respect of which the
                                 award was granted or vested (noting that in certain circumstances mandatory clawback may apply under the Mandatory Clawback
                                 Policy).
                         2.      Where the People and Remuneration Committee determines that the personal performance of a participant, of their product group or of




For personal use only
                                 the Group does not justify vesting or where the participant’s conduct or performance has been in breach of their employment contract,
                                 any laws, rules, codes of conduct or policies applicable to them or the standards reasonably expected of a person in their position.
                         3.      The performance of the company, business or undertaking in which a participant worked or works, or for which a participant was or is
                                 directly or indirectly responsible, is found to have been misstated or based upon any material misrepresentation and which resulted in
                                 the award being granted and/or vesting over a greater cash amount or number of shares than would otherwise have been the case.
                         4.      Where any team, business area, member of the Group or profit centre in which the participant works or worked has been found guilty in
                                 connection with any regulatory investigation or has been in breach of any laws, rules, codes of conduct or policies applicable to it or the
                                 standards reasonably expected of it.
                         5.      An event which has had, may have or, in the opinion of the People and Remuneration Committee, would have if made public, a
                                 material adverse effect on the value or reputation of any member of the Group (excluding an event or events which have a material
                                 adverse effect on global macroeconomic conditions).
                         6.      Where the People and Remuneration Committee determines that there has been material damage to the Group’s social licence to
                                 operate.
                         7.      A catastrophic health, safety, environment or community event or events occurring in any part of the Group.

                                                                                                                                                                          2
                        8.      An act, omission or event occurs which in the opinion of the People and Remuneration Committee constitutes a material failure of risk
                                management or of other operational systems and controls for which a participant was directly or indirectly responsible or which
                                occurred in any part of the Group’s business in which the participant performs a role or for which the participant has direct or indirect
                                responsibility.
                        9.      A participant is found to have contributed to circumstances which give rise to a material loss for any Group Company.

           All participants are expected to be vigilant and to draw to the attention of their line managers the occurrence of a possible trigger event. Any identified
           trigger event shall then be discussed by the Board and / or People and Remuneration Committee at its next meeting to consider the following (without
           limitation):
                        •    The type of event (e.g. type of risk incurred, timing, assessment of implications for the Company).
                        •    The materiality of the event.
                        •    The identity of the participant(s) involved.
                        •    Action taken to rectify the event (including suspension recommendations – see below).

           For events considered material enough to warrant further action, the Practice Leader Executive Remuneration will prepare initial recommendations for
           any payment adjustment or payment suspension and submit these to the People and Remuneration Committee. The People and Remuneration
           Committee shall then review and determine the extent to which any adjustment or suspension should be made, and the People and Remuneration
           Committee’s reasons shall be recorded. The Practice Leader Executive Remuneration shall then notify the affected participant and offer the right to
           appeal, if appropriate.


           Suspension of vesting/payment
           Where there is an on-going internal or external investigation the Practice Leader Executive Remuneration shall make suspension recommendations (i.e.
           delay vesting and /or payment) where:
                        1.      There is prima facie evidence of potential wrongdoing in respect of a participant under investigation such that there is a case for the




For personal use only
                                participant to answer.
                        2.      There is prima facie evidence of an awareness of potential wrongdoing in respect of a participant under investigation that has not been
                                acted on appropriately, such that there is a case for the participant to answer.
                        3.      There are reasonable grounds to suppose that, by reason of a participant’s immediate line management responsibilities, a participant
                                could be deemed indirectly responsible or accountable for the potential wrongdoing of a direct report who falls into category 1 or 2
                                above.

           In addition to categories 1 and 2 above, there may be additional circumstances in which the People and Remuneration Committee (or a duly-authorised
           sub-committee or panel) may consider a suspensive action at its discretion and acting in good faith.

           The vesting and / or payment of all affected incentive awards relevant to any participant affected by an internal or external investigation and which
           could ultimately result in a pay adjustment shall be delayed until such an investigation has concluded and the Company has made a decision and
           communicated it to the affected participant.


           People and Remuneration Committee decision-making
           In reaching a decision about whether to apply a remuneration adjustment, the People and Remuneration Committee will be required to exercise its
           discretion. The exercise of any discretion is always a question of fact and degree and therefore when applying its discretion, the People and
           Remuneration Committee should (without limitation):
                        •    Seek to review all relevant information and ask the correct questions.

                                                                                                                                                                            3
                        •     Direct itself correctly in law, e.g. adopt a correct construction of the Incentive Plan rules and associated documentation.
                        •     Not arrive at a perverse decision, i.e. a decision at which no reasonable remuneration committee would have arrived at. Discretion must
                              not be exercised in an arbitrary, capricious or irrational way.
                        •     Take into account all relevant factors and disregard all irrelevant factors.

                        Relevant factors would include (without limitation):
                        •     The type, size and scope of the event.
                        •     The role, level of seniority and responsibilities of the affected participant and the extent to which they have failed to discharge their
                              responsibilities and duties.
                        •     The extent to which an participant has failed to take reasonable measures to promptly identify, assess, report, escalate or address the event
                              in question.
                        •     The value of any remuneration adjustment.

           The People and Remuneration Committee’s decision and the decision-making process should be clearly recorded and documented.


           Participant appeal
           Where a payment adjustment or payment suspension is approved, the relevant participant has the right to request an appeal of the payment
           adjustment/suspension, e.g. to provide supporting evidence which might justify any actions during an appeal period not exceeding 14 days from the date
           that the participant was first notified of the potential payment adjustment/suspension.

           Any evidence provided from the affected participant shall be provided to the Chief People Officer who shall then make a final recommendation on the
           payment adjustment and / or suspension, for approval by the People and Remuneration Committee.




For personal use only
           Administration
           Nothing in this Policy shall operate to limit or modify the Mandatory Clawback Policy. In reaching a decision about whether to apply a remuneration
           adjustment, a relevant factor considered by the People and Remuneration Committee would include the value of any remuneration recovered pursuant to
           the Mandatory Clawback Policy.

                                                                                                                                                                              4
                                                                                 ADDENDUM
                                                                            Mandatory Clawback Policy

           I. BACKGROUND
           BHP Group Limited (“BHP”) has adopted this policy (this “Mandatory Clawback Policy”) to provide for the recovery or “clawback” of certain incentive
           compensation in the event of a Restatement. This Mandatory Clawback Policy is intended to comply with, and will be interpreted to be consistent with,
           the requirements of Section 303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) Listed Company Manual. Certain terms used in this Mandatory
           Clawback Policy are defined in Section VIII below.


           II. STATEMENT OF POLICY
           BHP shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in the event that BHP is required to prepare
           an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of BHP with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any
           required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements,
           or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a
           “Restatement”).

           BHP shall recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Mandatory Clawback Policy except to the extent
           provided under Section V below.


           III. SCOPE OF POLICY
           A. Covered Persons and Recovery Period. This Mandatory Clawback Policy applies to Incentive-Based Compensation received by a person:
                        •   after beginning service as an Executive Officer,
                        •   who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation,
                        •   while BHP has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange in the United States, and




For personal use only
                        •   during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that BHP is required to prepare a Restatement (the “Recovery
                            Period”).

           Notwithstanding this look-back requirement, BHP is required to apply this Mandatory Clawback Policy only to Incentive-Based Compensation received
           on or after October 2, 2023.

           For purposes of this Mandatory Clawback Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed “received” in BHP’s fiscal period during which the
           Financial Reporting Measure (as defined herein) specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the
           Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period.

           B. Transition Period. In addition to the Recovery Period, this Mandatory Clawback Policy applies to any transition period (that results from a change in
           BHP’s fiscal year) within or immediately following the Recovery Period (a “Transition Period”), provided that a Transition Period between the last day
           of BHP’s previous fiscal year end and the first day of BHP’s new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to 12 months will be deemed a completed
           fiscal year.

           C. Determining Recovery Period. For purposes of determining the relevant Recovery Period, the date that BHP is required to prepare the Restatement is
           the earlier to occur of:
                        •   the date the board of directors of BHP (the “Board”), a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of BHP authorized to take such
                            action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that BHP is required to prepare a Restatement, and

                                                                                                                                                                      5
                        •   the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs BHP to prepare a Restatement.

           For clarity, BHP’s obligation to recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation under this Mandatory Clawback Policy is not dependent on
           if or when a Restatement is filed.

           D. Method of Recovery. The People and Remuneration Committee of the Board (the “Committee”) will have discretion in determining how to
           accomplish recovery of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation under this Mandatory Clawback Policy, recognizing that different means of
           recovery may be appropriate in different circumstances.


           IV. AMOUNT SUBJECT TO RECOVERY
           A. Recoverable Amount. The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recovery under this Mandatory Clawback Policy is the amount of
           Incentive-Based Compensation received that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received had it been
           determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid.

           B. Covered Compensation Based on Stock Price or TSR. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return (“TSR”),
           where the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a
           Restatement, the recoverable amount shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock
           price or TSR upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received. In such event, BHP shall maintain documentation of the determination of
           that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the NYSE.


           V. EXCEPTIONS
           BHP shall recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Mandatory Clawback Policy except to the extent that
           the conditions set out below are met and the committee of independent directors responsible for executive compensation decisions has made a
           determination that recovery would be impracticable:

           A. Direct Expense Exceeds Recoverable Amount. The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Mandatory Clawback Policy would




For personal use only
           exceed the amount to be recovered; provided, however, that before concluding it would be impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously awarded
           Incentive-Based Compensation based on expense of enforcement, BHP shall make a reasonable attempt to recover such erroneously awarded Incentive-
           Based Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the NYSE.

           B. Violation of Home Country Law. Recovery would violate the laws of the Commonwealth of Australia where that law was adopted prior to
           November 28, 2022; provided, however, that before concluding it would be impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-
           Based Compensation based on violation of the laws of the Commonwealth of Australia, BHP shall obtain an opinion of Australian counsel, acceptable to
           the NYSE, that recovery would result in such a violation, and shall provide such opinion to the NYSE.

           C. Recovery from Certain Tax-Qualified Retirement Plans. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which
           benefits are broadly available to employees of BHP, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations
           thereunder.


           VI. PROHIBITION AGAINST INDEMNIFICATION
           Notwithstanding the terms of any indemnification arrangement or insurance policy with any individual covered by this Mandatory Clawback Policy,
           BHP shall not indemnify any Executive Officer or former Executive Officer against the loss of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation,
           including any payment or reimbursement for the cost of insurance obtained by any such covered individual to fund amounts recoverable under this
           Mandatory Clawback Policy.

                                                                                                                                                               6
           VII. DISCLOSURE
           BHP shall file all disclosures with respect to this Mandatory Clawback Policy and recoveries under this Mandatory Clawback Policy in accordance with
           the requirements of the U.S. federal securities laws, including the disclosure required by the applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
           (“SEC”) filings.


           VIII. DEFINITIONS
           Unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions apply for purposes of this Mandatory Clawback Policy:

           “Executive Officer” means BHP’s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the
           controller), any vice-president of BHP in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other
           officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policymaking functions for BHP. Executive officers of BHP’s
           subsidiaries, as applicable, are deemed Executive Officers of BHP if they perform such policy making functions for BHP. Policy-making function is not
           intended to include policymaking functions that are not significant. Identification of an Executive Officer for purposes of this Mandatory Clawback
           Policy will include at a minimum executive officers identified pursuant to 17 CFR 229.401(b).

           “Financial Reporting Measures” means any of the following: (i) measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting
           principles used in preparing BHP’s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures, (ii) stock price and
           (iii) TSR. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within BHP’s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC.

           “Incentive-Based Compensation” means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial
           Reporting Measure.


           IX. ADMINISTRATION; AMENDMENT; TERMINATION.
           All determinations under this Mandatory Clawback Policy will be made by the Committee, including determinations regarding how any recovery under
           this Mandatory Clawback Policy is effected. Any determinations of the Committee will be final, binding and conclusive and need not be uniform with
           respect to each individual covered by this Mandatory Clawback Policy.




For personal use only
           The Committee may amend this Mandatory Clawback Policy from time to time and may terminate this Mandatory Clawback Policy at any time, in each
           case in its sole discretion.


           X. EFFECTIVENESS; OTHER RECOUPMENT RIGHTS
           This Mandatory Clawback Policy shall be effective as of December 1, 2023. Any right of recoupment under this Mandatory Clawback Policy is in
           addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to BHP and its subsidiaries and affiliates under
           applicable law or pursuant to the terms of any similar policy or similar provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar
           agreement.

                                                                                                                                                                     7
