6 September 2022


To:     Australian Securities Exchange




                                            2022 US ANNUAL REPORT (Form 20-F)1

BHP has filed its 2022 US Annual Report (Form 20-F) with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission.

The Form 20-F has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission and, as such, does not comply with the reporting requirements under the
Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC
Code, 2012 Edition).

The Form 20-F can be accessed at https://www.bhp.com/-
/media/Documents/Investors/Annual%20Reports/2022/bhpform20f2022 or www.sec.gov.

American Depositary Receipt holders may receive a hard copy of the company’s complete audited
financial statements free of charge upon request by telephoning Citibank Shareholder Services
(+1 781) 575 4555 (outside US) or +1 877 248 4237 (+1 877 CITIADR) (toll free within US).

Further information on BHP can be found at bhp.com.



Authorised for lodgement by:




Stefanie Wilkinson
Group Company Secretary


  1 This release was made outside the hours of operation of the ASX market announcements office.




BHP Group Limited ABN 49 004 028 077
LEI WZE1WSENV6JSZFK0JC28
Registered in Australia
Registered Office: Level 18, 171 Collins Street
Melbourne Victoria 3000 Australia
Tel +61 1300 55 4757 Fax +61 3 9609 3015

The BHP Group is headquartered in Australia
                                                             UNITED STATES
                                                 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                                                 Washington, D.C. 20549

                                                                                      FORM 20-F
                     ☐        REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                                                      OR
                     ☒        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                               FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022.
                                                                                      OR
                     ☐        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                       For the transition period from                 to
                                                                                                               OR
                     ☐        SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                       Date of event requiring this shell company report
                                                                              Commission file number: 001-09526
                                                                                 BHP GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                  (ABN 49 004 028 077)
                                                                     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                                               VICTORIA, AUSTRALIA
                                                                        (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation)
                                                                     171 COLLINS STREET, MELBOURNE,
                                                                          VICTORIA 3000 AUSTRALIA
                                                                            (Address of principal executive offices)

                                                                      STEFANIE WILKINSON
                                                                       BHP GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       171 COLLINS STREET
                                                                       MELBOURNE VIC 3000
                                                                            AUSTRALIA
                                                                 TELEPHONE AUSTRALIA 1300 55 47 57
                                                              TELEPHONE INTERNATIONAL +61 3 9609 3333
                                                                     FACSIMILE +61 3 9609 3015
                                                                    (Name, telephone, email and/or facsimile number and
                                                                            address of company contact person)

                                                   Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.
                                                                                                                                          Name of each exchange on
                      Title of each class                                              Trading symbol(s)                                     which registered
                American Depositary Shares*                                                   BHP                                         New York Stock Exchange
                      Ordinary Shares**                                                       BHP                                         New York Stock Exchange
*        Evidenced by American Depositary Receipts. Each American Depositary Receipt represents two ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited.
**       Not for trading, but only in connection with the listing of the American Depositary Shares.
                                                        Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act.
                                                                                              None
                                                  Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act.
                                                                                             None

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.
                                                                                                                                                                               BHP Group Limited
Fully Paid Ordinary Shares                                                                                                                                                       5,065,820,556
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐
If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. Yes ☐ No ☒
           Note – Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations
under those Sections.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer      ☒                                                                                                                             Accelerated filer                    ☐
Non-accelerated filer       ☐                                                                                                                              Emerging growth company             ☐
If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5,
2012.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:
U.S. GAAP ☐                                    International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ☒                                     Other ☐
If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow. Item 17 ☐        Item 18 ☐
If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐        No ☒
Company details
BHP Group Limited’s registered office and global headquarters are at 171 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia.

‘BHP’, the ‘Company’, the ‘Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘ourselves’ refer to BHP Group Limited, and except where the
context otherwise requires, our subsidiaries. Refer to Financial Statements note 28 ‘Subsidiaries’ for a list of our significant subsidiaries and to Exhibit
8.1 – List of Subsidiaries for a list of our subsidiaries. Those terms do not include non-operated assets.

This Report covers functions and assets (including those under exploration, projects in development or execution phases, sites and closed operations)
that have been wholly owned and/or operated by BHP or that have been owned as a joint venture1 operated by BHP (referred to in this Report as
‘operated assets’ or ‘operations’) from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022.

BHP also holds interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated by BHP (referred to in this Report as ‘non-operated joint ventures’
or ‘non-operated assets’). Notwithstanding that this Report may include production, financial and other information from non-operated assets,
non-operated assets are not included in the BHP Group and, as a result, statements regarding our operations, assets and values apply only to our operated
assets unless stated otherwise.

On 31 January 2022, we unified our company structure under BHP Group Limited, with a primary listing on the Australian Securities Exchange. BHP
holds a standard listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and an ADR program listed on the
New York Stock Exchange.

All references to websites in this Annual Report are intended to be inactive textual references for information only and any information contained in or
accessible through any such website does not form a part of this Annual Report.


Forward-looking statements
This Report contains forward-looking statements, including: statements regarding trends in commodity prices and currency exchange rates; demand for
commodities; reserves and resources and production forecasts; expectations, plans, strategies and objectives of management; climate scenarios; approval
of certain projects and consummation of certain transactions; closure or divestment of certain assets, operations or facilities (including associated costs);
anticipated production or construction commencement dates; capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and supply of materials and skilled
employees; anticipated productive lives of projects, mines and facilities; provisions and contingent liabilities; and tax and regulatory developments.

Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology including, but not limited to, ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘ambition’, ‘aspiration’, ‘goal’,
‘target’, ‘project’, ‘see’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘objective’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘commit’, ‘may’, ‘should’, ‘need’, ‘must’, ‘will’, ‘would’,
‘continue’, ‘forecast’, ‘guidance’, ‘trend’ or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of assets or financial
conditions, or provide other forward-looking information.

Examples of forward-looking statements contained in this Report include, without limitation, statements describing (i) our strategy, our values and how
we define our success; (ii) our expectations regarding future demand for certain commodities, in particular copper, nickel, iron ore, metallurgical coal,
steel and potash, and our intentions, commitments or expectations with respect to our supply of certain commodities, including copper, nickel, iron ore
and potash; (iii) our future exploration and partnership plans and perceived benefits and opportunities, including our focus to grow our copper and nickel
assets; (iv) the structure of our organisation and portfolio and perceived benefits and opportunities; (v) our outlook for long-term economic growth and
other macroeconomic and industry trends; (vi) our projected and expected production and performance levels and development projects; (vii) our
expectations regarding our investments, including in potential growth options and technology and innovation, and perceived benefits and opportunities;
(viii) our reserves and resources; (ix) our plans for our major projects and related budget allocations; (x) our expectations, commitments and objectives
with respect to sustainability, decarbonisation, natural resource management, climate change and portfolio resilience and timelines and plans to seek to
achieve or implement such objectives, including our new 2030 ‘People, Planet and Prosperity’ goals, our approach to equitable change and transitions,
our Climate Transition Action Plan, Climate Change Adaptation Strategy and goals, targets and strategies to seek to reduce or support the reduction of
greenhouse gas emissions, and related perceived costs, benefits and opportunities for BHP; (xi) the assumptions, beliefs and conclusions in our climate
change related statements and strategies, including in our Climate Change Report 2020, for example, in respect of future temperatures, energy
consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, and climate-related impacts; (xii) our commitment to social value; (xiii) our commitments to sustainability
reporting, frameworks, standards and initiatives; (xiv) our commitments to improve or maintain safe tailings storage management; (xv) our
commitments to achieve certain inclusion and diversity targets, aspirations and outcomes; (xvi) our commitments to achieve certain targets and
outcomes with respect to Indigenous peoples and the communities where we operate; and (xvii) our commitments to achieve certain health and safety
targets and outcomes.

1     References in this Annual Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP.
      Such references are not intended to characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.

                                                                               i
Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and reflect judgements, assumptions, estimates and other information
available as at the date of this Report and/or the date of BHP’s planning or scenario analysis processes. These statements do not represent guarantees or
predictions of future financial or operational performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are
beyond our control and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this Report. BHP
cautions against reliance on any forward-looking statements or guidance, including in light of the current economic climate and the significant volatility,
uncertainty and disruption arising in connection with the Ukrainian conflict and COVID-19.

For example, our future revenues from our assets, projects or mines described in this Report will be based, in part, on the market price of the minerals or
metals produced, which may vary significantly from current levels. These variations, if materially adverse, may affect the timing or the feasibility of the
development of a particular project, the expansion of certain facilities or mines, or the continuation of existing assets.

Other factors that may affect the actual construction or production commencement dates, revenues, costs or production output and anticipated lives of
assets, mines or facilities include: (i) our ability to profitably produce and transport the minerals and/or metals extracted to applicable markets; (ii) the
impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the market prices of the minerals or metals we produce; (iii) activities of government authorities in the
countries where we sell our products and in the countries where we are exploring or developing projects, facilities or mines, including increases in taxes;
(iv) changes in environmental and other regulations; (v) the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business;
(vi) political or geopolitical uncertainty; (viii) labour unrest; and (viii) other factors identified in the risk factors set out in OFR 9.1.

Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not undertake to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information or future events.

Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.


Emissions and energy consumption data
Due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in measuring greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and operational energy consumption under the calculation
methodologies used in the preparation of such data, all GHG emissions and operational energy consumption data or references to GHG emissions and
operational energy consumption volumes (including ratios or percentages) in this Report are estimates. There may also be differences in the manner that
third parties calculate or report GHG emissions or operational energy consumption data compared to BHP, which means that third-party data may not be
comparable to our data. For information on how we calculate our GHG emissions and operational energy consumption data, see our Methodology tab in
our ESG Standards and Databook.

                                                                             ii
                                                       Form 20-F Cross Reference Table

  Item Number                               Description                                            Report section reference
1.              Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisors          Not applicable
2.              Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable                        Not applicable
3.              Key Information
       A        [Reserved]                                                     —
       B        Capitalization and indebtedness                                Not applicable
       C        Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds                      Not applicable
       D        Risk factors                                                   9.1
4.              Information on the Company
       A        History and development of the company                         Cover page, Company details, Chair’s review, Chief Executive
                                                                               Officer’s review, Operating and Financial Review 1 to 10,
                                                                               Additional information 2, 4 to 9.4
      B         Business overview                                              Operating and Financial Review 1 to 5, 10, Additional
                                                                               information 2, 4 to 8, 9.3, 9.8 and Note 1 to the Financial
                                                                               Statements
      C         Organizational structure                                       Additional information 9.3 and Note 28 to the Financial
                                                                               Statements
      D         Property, plants and equipment                                 Operating and Financial Review 3, 5.1, 5.2, 7 to 10, Additional
                                                                               information 2, 4 to 6 and Notes 11, 15 and 21 to the Financial
                                                                               Statements
4A.             Unresolved Staff Comments                                      None
5.              Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
      A         Operating results                                              Operating and Financial Review 4, 10, Additional information
                                                                               9.8
      B         Liquidity and capital resources                                Operating and Financial Review 4, Financial Statements 1.4,
                                                                               Notes 11, 20 to 23 and 37 to the Financial Statements
      C         Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.           Operating and Financial Review 3, 5 to 10, Directors’ Report 10,
                                                                               Additional information 2, 5, 6 and Notes 11 and 15 to the
                                                                               Financial Statements
      D         Trend information                                              Chair’s review, Chief Executive Officer’s review, Operating and
                                                                               Financial Review 1 to 5, 7, 9, 10, Additional information 2, 4 to
                                                                               7
      E         Critical Accounting Estimates                                  IFRS is applied in the Financial Statements as issued by the
                                                                               IASB
6.              Directors, Senior Management and Employees
      A         Directors and senior management                                Governance 4.1, 6.1, Directors’ Report 2.1
      B         Compensation                                                   Remuneration Report
      C         Board practices                                                Governance 4.1, 4.6, 5.2, 5.4, Remuneration Report
      D         Employees                                                      Operating and Financial Review 6, Additional information 7
      E         Share ownership                                                Remuneration Report, Directors’ Report 3, 4 and Notes 16, 17
                                                                               and 25 to the Financial Statements
7.              Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
      A         Major shareholders                                             Additional information 9.5
      B         Related party transactions                                     Remuneration Report and Notes 24 and 31 to the Financial
                                                                               Statements
      C         Interests of experts and counsel                               Not applicable
8.              Financial Information
      A         Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information        Operating and Financial Review 8, Additional information 8, 9.6,
                                                                               Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 in this Annual
                                                                               Report and Financial Statements 1A
      B         Significant Changes                                            Note 33 to the Financial Statements
9.              The Offer and Listing
      A         Offer and listing details                                      Additional information 9.2
      B         Plan of distribution                                           Not applicable
      C         Markets                                                        Additional information 9.2
      D         Selling shareholders                                           Not applicable
      E         Dilution                                                       Not applicable
      F         Expenses of the issue                                          Not applicable
10.             Additional Information
      A         Share capital                                                  Not applicable
      B         Memorandum and articles of association                         Additional information 9.3, 9.4
      C         Material contracts                                             Not applicable
      D         Exchange controls                                              Additional information 9.8
      E         Taxation                                                       Additional information 9.9
      F         Dividends and paying agents                                    Not applicable
      G         Statement by experts                                           Not applicable
      H         Documents on display                                           Additional information 9.4
      I         Subsidiary information                                         Note 28 to the Financial Statements and Exhibit 8.1
11.             Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     Note 23 to the Financial Statements
12.             Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
      A         Debt Securities                                                Not applicable
      B         Warrants and Rights                                            Not applicable
      C         Other Securities                                               Not applicable
      D         American Depositary Shares                                     Additional information 9.7 and Exhibit 2.1
13.             Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies                There have been no defaults, dividend arrearages or
                                                                               delinquencies
14.             Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and
                Use of Proceeds
      A                                                                        Additional information 9.3, 9.4 and Exhibits 1.1 and 2.1
      B                                                                        Not applicable
       C                                                                 Not applicable
       D                                                                 Not applicable
       E                                                                 Not applicable
15.        Controls and Procedures                                       Governance 7.2 and Financial Statements 1A
16A.       Audit committee financial expert                              Governance 5.2
16B.       Code of Ethics                                                Governance 8.1
16C.       Principal Accountant Fees and Services                        Governance 7.2 and Note 34 to the Financial Statements
16D.       Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees    Not applicable
16E.       Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated   Directors’ Report 3
           Purchasers
16F.       Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant                  Not applicable
16G.       Corporate Governance                                          Governance
16H.       Mine Safety Disclosure                                        Not applicable
16I.       Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent       Not applicable
           Inspections
17.        Financial Statements                                          Not applicable
18.        Financial Statements                                          Financial Statements begin on page F-1 in this Annual Report
19.        Exhibits                                                      Exhibits

                                                             iii
BHP, bringing people and resources together to build a better world.
Our values
Sustainability
Putting health and safety first, being environmentally responsible and supporting our communities.

Integrity
Doing what is right and doing what we say we will do.

Respect
Embracing openness, trust, teamwork, diversity and relationships that are mutually beneficial.

Performance
Achieving superior business results by stretching our capabilities.

Simplicity
Focusing our efforts on the things that matter most.

Accountability
Defining and accepting responsibility and delivering on our commitments.


We are successful when:
•     Our people start each day with a sense of purpose and end the day with a sense of accomplishment.
•     Our teams are inclusive and diverse.
•     Our communities, customers and suppliers value their relationships with us and are better off for our presence.
•     Our asset portfolio is world class and sustainably developed.
•     Our operational discipline and financial strength enables our future growth.
•     Our shareholders receive a superior return on their investment.
•     Our commodities support continued economic growth and decarbonisation.

                                                                            iv
Contents
Chair’s review                                                                    1
Chief Executive Officer’s review                                                  2


Operating and Financial Review
1     Our business                                                                3
2     Delivering value                                                            5
2.1   Our business model                                                          5
2.2   How we create and grow value                                                7
3     Positioning for the future                                                 13
4     Financial review                                                           16
4.1   Group overview                                                             16
4.2   Key performance indicators                                                 17
4.3   Financial results                                                          19
4.4   Debt and sources of liquidity                                              22
5     Our assets                                                                 25
5.1   Minerals Australia                                                         25
5.2   Minerals Americas                                                          30
5.3   Commercial                                                                 34
6     People and culture                                                         35
7     Sustainability                                                             40
7.1   Our sustainability approach                                                40
7.2   Our material sustainability issues                                         42
7.3   Our sustainability performance: Non-financial key performance indicators   43
7.4   Safety                                                                     45
7.5   Sexual harassment                                                          47
7.6   Health                                                                     50
7.7   Ethics and business conduct                                                54
7.8   Climate change                                                             56
7.9   Value chain sustainability                                                 68
7.10 Community                                                                   70
7.11 Human rights                                                                72

                                                                         v
7.12 Security services                                                   74
7.13 Indigenous peoples                                                  75
7.14 Social investment                                                   78
7.15 Environment                                                         80
7.16 Water                                                               81
7.17 Biodiversity and land                                               84
7.18 Tailings storage facilities                                         85
7.19 Independent limited assurance report                                87
8     Samarco                                                            88
9     How we manage risk                                                 90
9.1   Risk factors                                                       93
9.2   Management of risks                                                99
10    Performance by commodity                                           106
10.1 Copper                                                              106
10.2 Iron Ore                                                            108
10.3 Coal                                                                110
10.4 Other assets                                                        112
10.5 Impact of changes to commodity prices                               112
11    Non-IFRS financial information                                     113
11.1 Definition and calculation of non-IFRS financial information        123
11.2 Definition and calculation of principal factors                     126
12    Other information                                                  126
12.1 Company details                                                     126
12.2 Forward Looking statements                                          126


Governance
Corporate Governance Statement
1     Corporate governance at BHP                                        127
2     FY2022 corporate governance highlights                             127
3     BHP’s governance structure                                         128
4     Board of Directors                                                 129
4.1   Overview of the Board                                              129
4.2   Director independence                                              130
4.3   Board appointments and succession planning                         131
4.4   Director induction, training and development                       131
4.5   Director skills, experience and attributes                         131
4.6   Board evaluation                                                   133

                                                                    vi
5     Board Committees                                                        133
5.1   Nomination and Governance Committee                                     133
5.2   Risk and Audit Committee                                                134
5.3   Sustainability Committee                                                135
5.4   Remuneration Committee                                                  136
6     Management                                                              137
6.1   Executive Leadership Team                                               137
6.2   Senior management succession                                            138
6.3   Performance evaluation of executives                                    138
7     Risk management and assurance                                           138
7.1   Risk management governance structure                                    138
7.2   External audit and financial reporting                                  139
8     Culture and conduct                                                     141
8.1   Our Code of Conduct and Our Charter                                     141
8.2   Culture                                                                 141
8.3   BHP’s EthicsPoint                                                       141
8.4   Diversity                                                               141
9     Shareholder and stakeholder engagement                                  142
10    Market disclosure                                                       143
11    US requirements                                                         143


Directors’ Report
1     Review of operations, principal activities and state of affairs         144
2     Directors                                                               144
2.1   Biographical details                                                    144
2.2   Director attendances at meetings                                        145
3     Share capital and buy-back programs                                     146
4     Share interests                                                         146
5     Secretaries                                                             147
6     Indemnities and insurance                                               147
7     Dividends                                                               148
8     Auditors                                                                148
9     Non-audit services                                                      148

                                                                        vii
10    Exploration, research and development                                148
11    ASIC Instrument 2016/191                                             148
12    Proceedings on behalf of BHP Group Limited                           148
13    Performance in relation to environmental regulation                  148
14    Additional information                                               148


Remuneration Report
Remuneration Committee Chair letter to shareholders                        150
1     Remuneration governance                                              153
2     Remuneration framework                                               154
2.1   How the remuneration framework is set                                154
2.2   Remuneration framework operation                                     154
2.3   Potential remuneration outcomes                                      156
3     Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP                     157
3.1   FY2022 remuneration received by the CEO                              157
3.2   FY2022 CDP performance outcomes                                      158
3.3   FY2022 LTIP performance outcomes                                     162
3.4   Overarching discretion and vesting underpin                          162
3.5   Sign-on performance shares                                           163
3.6   LTIP allocated during FY2022                                         163
3.7   FY2023 remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP              164
4     Remuneration for Non-executive Directors                             165
4.1   Remuneration framework                                               165
4.2   Non-executive Directors’ remuneration in FY2023                      166
5     Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures                     167
5.1   KMP remuneration table                                               167
5.2   Equity awards                                                        168
5.3   Estimated value range of equity awards                               170
5.4   Ordinary shareholdings and transactions                              170
5.5   Prohibition on hedging of BHP shares and equity instruments          171
5.6   Share ownership guidelines and the MSR                               171
5.7   Transactions with KMP                                                171


Financial Statements                                                       172

                                                                    viii
Additional information
1     Financial information summary                        173
2     Information on mining operations                     174
3     Financial information by commodity                   193
4     Production                                           196
5     Mineral resources and mineral reserves               198
6     Major projects                                       224
7     People – performance data                            225
8     Legal proceedings                                    226
9     Shareholder information                              231
9.1   History and development                              231
9.2   Markets                                              231
9.3   Organisational structure                             231
9.4   Constitution                                         232
9.5   Share ownership                                      236
9.6   Dividends                                            238
9.7   American Depositary Receipts fees and charges        238
9.8   Government regulations                               239
9.9   Taxation                                             242
10    Glossary                                             247


Exhibits                                                   263

                                                      ix
Chair’s review
Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to provide BHP’s Annual Report for FY2022 which was a transformational year for your company.

During the year BHP:
•       unified our dual listed company structure under a single parent company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
•       merged our Petroleum business with Woodside to create a top 10 energy provider and provide shareholders with further choice as to their exposure
        to oil and gas
•       simplified the coal portfolio through the sale of our interests in Cerrejón and BHP Mitsui Coal to concentrate on higher-quality metallurgical coal
        which is forecast to be critical for making the steel necessary to support decarbonsiation and infrastructure growth over coming decades
•       approved an investment of US$5.7 billion in our Jansen Potash Project in Canada, marking BHP’s entry into a new commodity which provides
        shareholders with exposure to the growing population megatrend

Your Board would like to thank all shareholders for the trust you have shown in supporting these changes which set your company up to deliver value
into the future.

That trust is built over time and through performance, and this year Mike Henry, his management team and all our people, have continued to deliver
strong operational and financial performance through a challenging period of ongoing pandemic disruption, global supply chain challenges and cost
pressures.


Safety and wellbeing
In terms of safety, FY2022 was the third consecutive year in which there were no workplace occupational fatalities, and the Group made strong progress
on other leading safety indicators such as a 30 per cent reduction in high-potential injuries.

These are pleasing indicators of the progress we can make when our focus is unwavering. To achieve truly safe, inclusive and diverse workplaces for all
our people we know we must bring this same focus to bear on all aspects of workplace safety including addressing sexual harassment, racism and
bullying.


The value we create
It is against a backdrop of commitment to performance and continuous improvement, that BHP has delivered considerable value to you, our
shareholders.

In FY2022, the Board determined dividends worth US$36 billion to shareholders (including the distribution of Woodside shares). This takes the total
amount returned to shareholders over the past four years to more than US$50 billion.

But it is not just value to shareholders. This year, we also made substantial headway in our sustainability aspirations and focus on social value. We
provided shareholders with the first ‘Say on Climate’ shareholder resolution in the Australian market, and our Climate Transition Action Plan (Plan) was
supported by almost 85 per cent of shareholders. This Plan aligns our climate goals with our strategic goals, and provides a clear basis for measuring
BHP’s climate performance.

We also launched a social value framework and scorecard with 2030 goals to bring additional transparency to our social value goals and outcomes. We
are working hard to embed social value in our strategy, capital allocation decisions, plans, processes and culture. It is not only the right thing to do, but
we believe it provides a significant competitive advantage for BHP and is vital to delivering long-term sustainable value.

As well as the value delivered to shareholders, this year, we made significant contributions to the communities where we operate, through employment,
partnerships, and taxes and royalties paid to governments. This amounted to US$57.5 billion in Australia, US$7.7 billion in Chile and US$12.9 billion in
the rest of the world, and our local procurement has increased 40 per cent over the past three years with US$2.7 billion directed to 2,700 local suppliers
during FY2022.


Board succession
We welcomed Michelle Hinchliffe and Catherine Tanna to the BHP Board as independent Non-executive Directors. Both bring over 35 years’
experience to BHP – Michelle in financial controls and risk management, and Catherine in energy, long-life capital allocation and HSE. We are
delighted to welcome Michelle and Catherine.

At the other end of the succession process, we will farewell Malcolm Broomhead and John Mogford at the conclusion of the 2022 Annual General
Meeting. Both have announced their intention to retire following exceptional periods of service, and I would like to thank Malcolm and John for their
outstanding contribution to BHP and the Board.

FY2022 was a successful year of transformation for our business. I am confident we are building BHP for the future and to create enduring value for our
shareholders and communities, customers, suppliers and partners.

Thank you for your continued support of BHP.


Ken MacKenzie

Chair

                                                                               1
Chief Executive Officer’s review
Dear Shareholders,

BHP performed well in FY2022. Our strong production outcomes and solid cost control allowed us to capture the greatest benefit from the tailwind of
high commodity prices during the year. It was pleasing to all of us at BHP to be able to deliver not only record returns to shareholders, but also record
contributions to our other stakeholders. We paid record taxes and royalties during the year of US$17.3 billion, slightly higher than our cash returns to
shareholders of US$16.4 billion.

Most importantly, we did so safely and sustainably. No one has lost their life while working at BHP for over three and a half consecutive years now. This
is a very significant milestone, but we must guard against complacency. We will continue to prioritise our efforts to reduce fatal risk from our
workplaces. We also reduced our operational greenhouse gas emissions by 24 per cent over the past two years and have reduced freshwater withdrawals
by almost 30 per cent since 2017.

We were successful in partially mitigating the impacts of a number of external challenges, including the ongoing pandemic, to deliver well against our
production and unit cost guidance for the year. We achieved record full-year shipments from our Western Australia Iron Ore business for the third year
running, and we remain the world’s lowest cost major producer. In copper, our Escondida business in Chile had record material mined and near-record
concentrator throughput, while Olympic Dam in South Australia performed strongly in the fourth quarter after our major smelter maintenance overhaul,
which takes place every four years.

We anticipate the economic headwinds, including inflation and tight labour markets, and the impacts from COVID-19 will continue through the year
ahead. We aim to navigate these challenges better than our competitors and have the focus and capabilities in place to enable us to do so. Our continued
high performance in the past year is thanks to 80,000 highly capable, diverse, engaged people across BHP, who have continued to show tremendous
resilience in the face of the multiple challenges thrown at us by the external environment.

We will be safer, more reliable, lower cost and more productive if we are able to more fully harness the experience, passion and ingenuity of everyone
across BHP. This is being hard-wired through the BHP Operating System (BOS), which is building a continuous improvement culture and capability
right through to the fingertips of the company. This shift, coupled with our progress on creating a more inclusive and diverse workforce is unlocking
performance and achieving this in a way that is exciting for BHP and more fulfilling for our people.

I am proud to say that the proportion of females and Indigenous peoples at BHP continues to grow. Representation of female employees reached
32.3 per cent in FY2022 and the executive leadership team is fully balanced. Indigenous peoples now represent 8.3 per cent of our operational
workforce in Australia, 8.7 per cent in Chile and 7.2 per cent in our Jansen Potash Project in Canada.

While we have made strong progress in improving the composition of our workforce, you will see in this year’s report increased disclosure in respect of
cases of sexual harassment, racism and bullying that have occurred during the year in the company. I am ashamed that these behaviours still occur in
BHP. We are fiercely determined to stop them from happening. During the year, we progressed work on upgrading our facilities, improving our
processes, providing more support to impacted persons and bystanders, and shifting culture. In the past year, we invested more than US$200 million to
improve the security and experience in our accommodation villages, established a global support service to provide dedicated, end-to-end case
coordination for anyone impacted by sexual harassment, and enhanced training programs, including for both leaders and bystanders. Most recently we
took time out from work and production across all of BHP to discuss sexual harassment, racism and bullying. These Safety Stops involved the whole of
the workforce globally and were intended to build awareness, understanding, capability, and collective commitment to action.

As well as building an even safer and more inclusive workplace at BHP, we must help to build a better world for all of our stakeholders. We aim to
create social value, which is the positive contribution BHP makes to society: our people, partners, the economy, the environment and local communities
for the mutual benefit of shareholders and the community. We see this as fundamental to our long-term success and a competitive advantage that will
support growth. During the year, we launched our new social value framework and set short-term milestones as well as 2030 goals under each of our six
social value pillars. Our commitment to social value contributes to the relevant United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals and aligns with
our continued support for the UN Global Compact and its 10 principles.

FY2022 was a year in which we also made significant progress transforming our business for the future through reshaping our portfolio and simplifying
our corporate structure. We divested our Petroleum business and created a stronger, more resilient stand-alone business by merging it with Woodside,
creating more choice and opportunity for value for shareholders. We further optimised our coal portfolio through the divestment of our stakes in BHP
Mitsui Coal and in Cerrejón. We approved the Jansen Stage 1 Potash Project in Canada, opening up a new long-term growth front for the company in
potash, a fertiliser that will enable more sustainable farming globally. Finally, we unified our corporate structure, removing the more complex dual listed
structure in place since the BHP and Billiton merger of 2001.

We now have a leaner, more agile and more efficient BHP, with a portfolio more aligned to the global megatrends unfolding around us, and better
positioned to grow value by supplying the commodities required for a decarbonising world.

I am excited about our plans for the year ahead and for the future. Despite external volatility, the fundamentals that underpin our business are positive
and strongly position BHP for enduring success.

Thank you for your ongoing support.


Mike Henry

Chief Executive Officer

                                                                             2
Operating and Financial Review

1   Our business




                                 3
4
2     Delivering value
2.1    Our business model




                            5
6
2.2   How we create and grow value
We produce some of the essential resources needed to support global megatrends, such as decarbonisation, and we strive to produce them sustainably,
efficiently and ethically.

We seek to create value with the communities where we operate and for our shareholders:
•     We are committed to continuous improvement and we strive to operate more reliably and productively than our competitors. Being the best
      operator will help us safely generate better return on capital employed and outcompete others for new opportunities.
•     We have delivered strong and consistent results and returns through our portfolio and operating discipline. We achieved net operating cashflow on
      a Total operations basis of US$32.2 billion in FY2022, above US$15 billion for the sixth consecutive year.
•     We believe our focus on social value will lead to us being the partner of choice with communities, governments, suppliers, and customers. We
      seek respectful, mutually beneficial relationships with the communities where we operate and the suppliers, customers and governments we
      interact with. Our experience has been that engaging with those around us creates optionality, stronger relationships and access to more diverse
      thinking. It helps us be more creative and to find different ways to problem solve. It also means we are better able to see things coming towards us
      and can act pre-emptively. Aligning strongly with partners can prevent issues or delays with projects and, if issues do arise, means we are better
      able to collectively work on solutions.
•     We assess and rank decarbonisation projects across our operated assets through our Capital Allocation Framework (CAF). During FY2022, we
      integrated our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario into our strategy and capital allocation process, helping to ensure our capital expenditure plans are not
      misaligned with the Paris Agreement’s aim to pursue efforts to limit global warming to 1.5°C.
•     We recruit and retain the best people and empower them to run our operations safely and productively. We promote an inclusive and diverse
      environment where safety and wellbeing are the highest priorities, invest in development programs to build capability and improve performance
      and offer competitive remuneration. We invest in technology to manage risk, streamline processes and improve productivity.
•     The combination of our people, strategy and operational systems will help us to outperform our competitors and attract a lower cost of capital,
      while our CAF helps us make better use of this capital.

We bring together essential resources, a strong balance sheet and a differentiated operating capability underpinned by our technical Centres of
Excellence and the BHP Operating System (BOS).

This combination of operational excellence, a strong portfolio of large, long-life, quality assets and focus on social value will assist us to grow value
more consistently for all stakeholders and underpin continued attractive returns and long-term value for our shareholders.


Our people
Health and safety
Our highest priority is the safety of our workforce and the communities where we operate. We achieved a third consecutive year without a fatality and
have seen a sustained improvement in the high-potential injury frequency rate which fell by 30 per cent in FY2022 from FY2021.

We are committed to protecting the health and wellbeing of our workforce. Over the past five years, we have achieved a 68 per cent reduction in the
total number of workers exposed to our most material occupational exposures. For more information refer to OFR 7.4 and 7.6.

Our focus on safety and health underpins our strong operational performance and this includes eliminating sexual harassment, racism and bullying. We
are committed to eliminating incidents of sexual harassment in our workplaces and accommodation villages, and have strengthened our approach to
prevention, reporting and response. Our focus on gender balance is an important factor in addressing this unacceptable behaviour. For more information
refer to OFR 7.5.

                                                                              7
Inclusion and diversity
We continue to build a more inclusive and diverse workforce that further enhances our performance and better reflects the communities where we
operate:
•     We remain on track to achieve our aspirational goal for a gender-balanced employee workforce globally by FY2025. For more information refer to
      OFR 6.
•     We made progress during FY2022 against targets for increased Indigenous employment in our Minerals Australia operations, Minerals Americas
      operations in Chile and our Jansen Potash Project in Canada. For more information refer to OFR 6.


Our portfolio
We are reshaping our portfolio to focus on higher-quality iron ore and metallurgical coal preferred by our steelmaking customers, copper for
electrification and renewable energy, nickel for electric vehicles and potash to make food production and land use more efficient and sustainable. For
more information refer to OFR 3.

Iron Ore: We are the lowest-cost major iron ore producer globally.1 Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) is one of the lowest emissions intensity iron ore
operations2 and is increasing its grade as the new South Flank mine ramps up. WAIO achieved record sales volumes in FY2022, allowing us to
capitalise on the opportunity presented by higher iron ore prices. For more information refer to OFR 5.1.

Copper: We hold the world’s largest copper endowment.3 We are using technical innovation such as new floatation technology to help lower energy
costs and unlock value and are looking to secure more copper resources through exploration, acquisition, and early-stage entry. Escondida in Chile is the
world’s largest copper mine. Escondida had record material mined and near-record concentrator throughput in FY2022, while Olympic Dam in South
Australia performed strongly in the June 2022 quarter after planned major smelter maintenance. For more information refer to OFR 5.1 and 5.2.

Metallurgical coal: Our metallurgical coal operations in Queensland focus on higher-quality product and have one of the lowest production emissions
intensities of benchmarked mines.2 We believe that a wholesale shift away from blast furnace steel making, which uses metallurgical coal, is still
decades in the future and that metallurgical coal will remain an essential input into the steelmaking process, which is critical to support decarbonisation
infrastructure. We recently completed the sale of our interest in BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC), further focusing our coal portfolio on higher-quality coals for
steelmaking with greater potential upside for quality premiums as steelmakers seek to improve blast furnace utilisation and reduce emissions intensity.
For more information refer to OFR 5.1.

Nickel: We hold the second-largest nickel sulphide endowment globally4 and our nickel operations in Western Australia have one of the lowest
production emissions intensities of benchmarked mines.2 We achieved our first saleable production of nickel sulphate crystals for the lithium-ion battery
industry in the December 2021 quarter. We are growing value by supplying 87 per cent of BHP’s battery-suitable nickel to battery material suppliers in
FY2022. We are seeking more nickel resources through exploration, acquisition and early-stage entry. For more information refer to OFR 5.1.

Potash: We are developing one of the world’s largest potash mines in Canada. The proposed mine has been designed based on a sustainable approach
with a relatively low emissions footprint and low water intensity compared to existing potash mines. The Jansen Potash Project is expected to increase
BHP’s product diversification, customer base and operating footprint, opening up a new future growth front. The US$5.7 billion Jansen Stage 1 is
tracking to plan and opportunities to bring forward Jansen S1 continue to be assessed. For more information refer to OFR 5.2.


Exceptional performance
Operational excellence
We seek to continuously improve performance by empowering our people through BOS principles, practices and tools. BOS is, at its heart, a people
program. It is designed to provide a way of working that creates a culture at BHP where we make continuous improvement central to everyone’s role.

We continued to deploy BOS throughout our business in FY2022 and expect full deployment by the end of FY2024. BOS has delivered over
US$2 billion in estimated, recurring and one-time cost and revenue improvements since we developed it in CY2018. Based on the success we are
seeing, we believe it will deliver further gains in the future.

1     Based on published C1 unit costs of major iron ore producers. There may be differences in the manner that third parties calculate or report unit
      costs data compared to BHP, which means that third-party data may not be comparable to our data.
2     For more information refer to OFR 7.8.
3     Based on ownership interest. Peers include: Anglo American, Antofagasta, Codelco, First Quantum Minerals, Freeport, Glencore, Rio Tinto,
      Southern Copper and Teck. Source peers: Wood Mackenzie Ltd, Q1 2022.
4     Based on ownership interest. Source peers: MinEx Consulting.

                                                                             8
What is the BHP Operating System?
The BHP Operating System (BOS) is a way of working that seeks to make improvement part of what we do every day through the application of BOS
tools and practices. It is anchored in three principles that will help us deliver exceptional safety and productivity performance and an inclusive and
empowered culture:
•    Serve our customers – deliver what internal and external customers need, at the right time and at the appropriate levels of quality and cost.
•    Pursue operating perfection – pursue 100 per cent safety for our people, 100 per cent value for our customers, 0 per cent waste.
•    Empower our people – support our people with the right conditions and leadership to excel. They know their work and how to improve it.

Through BOS principles and practices we are delivering more to our employees and contractors, suppliers, shareholders, customers and the communities
whose resources we develop.


Embracing technology and innovation
The power of data, innovation and technology, together with the BOS, have helped accelerate continuous improvement across our value chain, from the
geoscience required in exploration through to the marketing of our products.

We have used technology to:
•    maintain safe, predictable and productive operations
•    drive productivity improvements, with an emphasis on automation and real-time, data-driven insights and decision-making
•    help drive inclusion and diversity by providing greater opportunities for roles that were traditionally labour intensive
•    unlock the next stage of value growth at BHP, from realising greater margins at our existing operations to finding new assets
•    improve sustainability outcomes through innovation

The use of technology such as in autonomous trucks, production innovation such as primary sulphide leaching at our copper assets (which has helped us
to extract more copper from ore) and digital transformation across all parts of our business has helped to improve safety, increase productivity, reduce
costs, build capability and accelerate value creation.

Examples of our application of technology and innovation in FY2022 include:
•    We continued to automate our global trucking fleets. At South Flank we began to automate our fleet of 41 Komatsu haul trucks in the June 2022
     quarter, with the program expected to be completed within 18 months. We continued deployment at Goonyella Riverside (expected to be
     completed by the end of December 2022) and completed the rollout at Daunia. We also commenced autonomous drilling at Spence. We expect to
     commence the rollout of automated trucks at Spence in FY2023.
•    We began testing two automated shiploaders at the Port Hedland export facility in Western Australia. In what we believe is a world first, 3D laser
     scan technology has been used in the A$50 million project. We intend to fully automate eight shiploaders by FY2024. The project is expected to
     enable an increase in production of more than 1 million tonnes of iron ore each year through greater precision, reduced spillage, faster load times
     and equipment optimisation.
•    Our in-house Grade Adjustment Model has been introduced at multiple WAIO sites and is expected to enable a US$22.8 million annual revenue
     uplift at WAIO. The model uses machine learning to target a reduction in iron ore grade variability across the supply chain. It uses data sources
     that capture movements of ore to map the iron ore grade coming from the mine to the iron grade shipped at port.
•    Through our Maintenance and Engineering Centre of Excellence, we continued the rollout of our Total Equipment Strategies (TES), which were
     initially applied to our mobile fleets and have been extended to our fixed plant. These strategies use mathematical analysis of breakdowns,
     maintenance patterns and original equipment manufacturer recommendations to recalibrate our maintenance programs to increase availability and
     reliability, and reduce maintenance costs and inventory values. For example, at our Newman iron ore operation in Western Australia, the mobile
     TES project for CAT 6060 excavators helped to extend the average equipment life by 40 per cent and delivered an availability uplift of 2 per cent.
     The outcome is 3.5 years of extra life which has helped to achieve capital productivity by deferral of US$120 million of capital expenditure over
     five years.

                                                                            9
Financial excellence
We use the Capital Allocation Framework (CAF) to assess the most effective and efficient way to deploy capital. This prioritises maintaining safe and
reliable operations, meeting our social value and GHG emissions reductions targets, goals and strategies, keeping our balance sheet strong and
delivering strong growth and returns for our shareholders. We then look at what would be the most valuable risk-adjusted use for any excess capital. We
evaluate the range of investment opportunities and aim to optimise the portfolio based on our assessment of risk, returns and future optionality. We then
develop a long-term capital plan and guidance for the Group.

Since the CAF’s introduction in FY2016, we have balanced reinvestment in the business with cash returns to shareholders. We want shareholders to see
the short-term benefit of these cash returns and trust us to plan for the future by investing where it matters.


Social value
Social value is BHP’s positive contribution to society – our people, partners, the economy, the environment and local communities. It is about creating
enduring, mutual benefit for BHP, our shareholders and the broader community.

Doing this well is essential to better business outcomes and long-term shareholder value, and will create a competitive advantage.


How social value can create competitive advantage
We recognise that decisions we make have the potential to positively or negatively impact those around us, and the environment. Our aim with social
value is to be deliberate and proactive in taking into account social, environmental and financial impact in the choices we make.

Embedding social value into everything we do will open up opportunities, increase resilience and help us manage risk. It will influence our access to
resources, partners, markets, the best talent, and capital.


Our commitment to social value
We have been committed to sustainability and social value for many years and are making progress in responsibly providing more of the resources the
world needs:
•     We have set GHG emissions reduction targets and goals (that are described in OFR 7.8) and our Climate Transition Action Plan 2021 (CTAP)
      received majority approval from shareholders in the ‘Say on Climate’ advisory vote at our 2021 Annual General Meetings.
•     We are working to create nature-positive4 outcomes through the new goal we have set to have at least 30 per cent of the land and water we steward
      under conservation, restoration or regenerative practices by 2030. For more information refer to 2030 social value scorecard below and OFR 7.15.
•     We are working to transition our operations to renewable electricity. For more information, refer to OFR 5.1 and 7.8.
•     We are working with suppliers to drive innovation by participating in initiatives such as Komatsu’s GHG Alliance, which aims to develop
      commercially viable zero-GHG emissions haul trucks. For more information refer to OFR 7.8.
•     Our spend with Indigenous businesses increased by 75 per cent to US$149.9 million in FY2022 and the number of Indigenous vendors engaged
      rose by 53 per cent to 148. WAIO announced its intention to more than double its spend with Indigenous vendors to more than US$300 million by
      the end of FY2024. For more information refer to OFR 7.13.
•     We completed our most recent five-year sustainability targets in FY2022. Highlights included three years fatality-free, a reduction in the total
      number of workers exposed to our most material occupational exposures by 68 per cent, social investment of US$681.4 million over five years
      and a 29 per cent reduction in freshwater withdrawal volumes from our adjusted FY2017 baseline. For more information refer to OFR 7.3 and 7.8.
•     Our Chilean operations Escondida and Spence, and Olympic Dam in Australia were awarded the Copper Mark during FY2022 recognising
      responsible production practices. For more information on our social value performance refer to OFR 7.


2030 social value scorecard
In June 2022, we launched our social value scorecard with 2030 goals, metrics and milestones (below). We believe it will enhance our opportunity to run
our business in a way that delivers long-term, sustainable value to BHP, our shareholders and the broader community.

This scorecard provides clarity to our teams on our ambitions and allows us to measure progress, transparently report, and hold ourselves to account.

Our metrics will evolve over time and some are future metrics that will be developed in the coming years. They show where we are headed with
measuring our performance.

At its core, this scorecard represents an emphasis on partnerships, listening and co-design, recognising that it is not for us alone to decide what is of
value to communities or the environment, and that addressing challenges like climate change require collaboration.

We will disclose our performance against this scorecard every year as part of our Annual Report, starting in FY2023.

                                                                              10
11
Supporting local economic development
We aim to source and promote locally available goods and services as an important part of our external expenditure, to help local communities thrive.
Our operated assets develop local procurement plans designed to identify opportunities for local suppliers, including small businesses.

In FY2022, BHP made US$18.8 billion in payments to suppliers globally, including US$17.6 billion in payments to more than 8,000 suppliers in the
regions where we operate. Of the latter amount, US$2.7 billion, or 15.2 per cent, was paid to local suppliers in the communities where we operate. Our
expenditure with local suppliers was primarily in Australia (59 per cent) and Chile (30 per cent). Of our total supplier spend, 94.4 per cent was in the
regions where we operate.

                                                                           12
3   Positioning for the future
Reshaping our corporate structure and portfolio
In FY2022, we took steps to create a simpler, more agile and efficient BHP, better able to capitalise on the megatrends shaping our world.


A simpler corporate structure
For the past two decades, we operated with a dual listed company (DLC) structure with two parent companies – BHP Group Limited in Australia with
its shares listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) in the United Kingdom with its shares
listed on the London Stock Exchange.

Following shareholder approval in January 2022, we unified our corporate structure to one parent company and one share price – under BHP Group
Limited. We believe unification gives us a corporate structure that is simpler, more agile and more efficient.


Merging Petroleum with Woodside
During FY2022, we merged our Petroleum business with Woodside Energy Group Ltd (Woodside) to create a global top 10 independent energy
company by production. Woodside acquired BHP’s Petroleum business in exchange for Woodside shares that were distributed to BHP shareholders
through an in specie dividend.

Based on Woodside’s share price of US$21.39 (A$29.76) at 31 May 2022, the closing date of the transaction, the implied value of BHP’s Petroleum
business was US$19.6 billion (A$27.2 billion).

BHP shareholders gained exposure to assets in Woodside through the transaction and greater choice about how to weight their exposure to the different
investment and sector propositions. The transaction increased BHP’s portfolio weighting towards future facing commodities that support economic
growth and have potential upside through the energy transition.


Consolidating our coal portfolio
In January 2022, we divested our 33.3 per cent interest in Cerrejón, a non-operated energy coal joint venture in Colombia, to Glencore, for a total cash
consideration of approximately US$294 million.

In May 2022, we divested our 80 per cent interest in BHP Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd (BMC), a metallurgical coal joint venture in Queensland operated by
BMC, to Stanmore Resources Limited, for a total cash consideration of up to US$1.35 billion in paid and deferred amounts, plus a final completion
adjustment amount.

In June 2022, we announced that, following a two-year review, we would retain New South Wales Energy Coal (NSWEC). We will be seeking approvals
to continue mining at NSWEC beyond its current mining consent that expires in 2026 and intend to proceed with a managed process to cease mining at
the asset by the end of FY2030.

These portfolio changes are consistent with our strategy to focus on producing higher-quality metallurgical coal.


Investing in a new commodity – potash
Potash enables more efficient and sustainable farming, which we believe will be increasingly important in feeding a growing population, and potentially
opens a new long-term growth front for BHP.

In August 2021, we approved US$5.7 billion in capital expenditure for Jansen Stage 1 in Saskatchewan, Canada, with first potash production expected
in CY2027. We are working to bring forward Jansen Stage 1 first production and are assessing options to accelerate Jansen Stage 2.

The US$2.97 billion Jansen project to finish the excavation and lining of the production and service shafts, and to continue the installation of essential
surface infrastructure and utilities, was completed in June 2022. For FY2023, approximately US$740 million in capital expenditure is planned for work
at Jansen Stage 1, which will continue to focus on civil and mechanical construction on the surface and underground, as well as equipment procurement
and port construction.


Unlocking growth potential at our assets
The large endowments we have under our control are becoming increasingly valuable as the resources industry finds high-quality, Tier 1 (large, low-cost
and long-life) resources harder to access, deeper, of lower grade, or in countries with more challenging operating conditions.

                                                                            13
Copper
We hold the largest copper endowment in the world at among the highest average grade.1
•    This includes 27 billion tonnes of ore at an average grade of 0.52 per cent at Escondida, where we are targeting an annual average of 1.2 million
     tonnes (Mt) of copper production over the medium term, a 20 per cent increase on Escondida’s FY2022 production of 1 Mt.
•    On the basis that tailings storage facility anomalies are resolved, production at Spence is expected to reach and average approximately 270
     kilotonnes per annum (ktpa) of production for four years (including cathodes) following the completion of Spence Growth Option (SGO) plant
     modifications. This will be supported by capital expenditure of approximately US$100 million, which is planned for the SGO plant modifications
     and these are currently planned to be completed in CY2023, with further studies ongoing for additional capacity uplift.
•    At Olympic Dam, we have improved operating stability over time. Smelter operations have been strong following our planned major smelter
     maintenance, completed in January 2022. The next major rebuild is not expected for six years.


Nickel
We hold the second-largest nickel sulphide endowment globally2 and own the majority of tenements of known resource in the Agnew-Wiluna basin in
Western Australia.
•    Our nickel sulphate plant at Nickel West delivered first crystals in October 2021, allowing us to add further value to our nickel production. We
     intend to capitalise on the expected ongoing global demand for nickel for the electric vehicle industry, as the method we use to produce nickel
     sulphate results in a product we believe is ideal for battery production.
•    We continue to explore ways to increase the scale of Nickel West.


Iron Ore
We are one of the world’s largest iron ore producers and expect to increase production over the medium-term.
•    We have secured an increase to our WAIO iron ore environmental licence to expand port operations up to 330 million tonnes per annum (Mtpa)
     subject to the outcomes of a standard appeals process.
•    The ramp up of WAIO’s US$3.6 billion South Flank mine is ahead of schedule and we have revised our medium term production guidance to
     more than 300 Mtpa. We are assessing expansion alternatives to take us toward 330 Mtpa of production.


Growth through exploration, focused on copper and nickel




1    Based on ownership interest. Peers include: Anglo American, Antofagasta, Codelco, First Quantum Minerals, Freeport, Glencore, Rio Tinto,
     Southern Copper, and Teck. Source peers: Wood Mackenzie Ltd, Q1 2022.
2    Based on ownership interest. Source peers: MinEx Consulting.

                                                                           14
Our exploration program is focused on copper and nickel. We look to identify and gain access to new search spaces to test targets capable of delivering
high-quality, Tier 1 deposits, and maintain research and technology activities aligned with our exploration strategy.

Despite the slowdown and restrictions on movement due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in FY2022 our field teams pursued copper opportunities in Chile,
Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, the United States and Australia. This involved early-stage reconnaissance work through target definition and drill testing.
Elsewhere for copper, we continued to seek, secure and test concessions in regions such as Ecuador, South Australia, Chile, Mexico and Peru.

We have also increased the number of high-quality nickel projects within the exploration pipeline. We are actively exploring nickel targets in Western
Australia, while in Canada, we continued our partnership with Midland Exploration Inc in Canada, through our 5 per cent interest and collaboration on a
target generation program. BHP made a US$40 million investment in Kabanga Nickel in Tanzania in FY2022, which offers an opportunity to expand the
immediate search space to add to the known resource.

Our business partnerships continued to deliver encouraging results. In Ecuador, we maintained a 13.6 per cent ownership in SolGold plc, the majority
owner and operator of the Alpala porphyry copper-gold project. In Mexico, we continued our financial agreement with Riverside Resources, a US
company with significant operating experience in Mexico, securing additional areas that are scheduled to be drill tested during FY2023. In Australia, we
initiated work with Encounter Resources to explore for sediment-hosted copper deposits in the Northern Territory. We also entered into a Letter of Intent
with Mundoro to cooperatively explore for copper resources in the highly prospective belt in Serbia and Bulgaria. Several drill-ready targets are
scheduled to be tested during FY2023.


Exploration expenditure
Our resource assessment exploration expenditure increased by 30 per cent in FY2022 to US$179 million, while our greenfield expenditure increased by
43 per cent to US$77 million. Expenditure on resources assessment and greenfield exploration over the last three financial years is set out below.

                                                                                                                              2022       2021       2020
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                            US$M       US$M       US$M
Greenfield exploration                                                                                                           77         54         44
Resources assessment                                                                                                            179        138        132
Total metals exploration and assessment                                                                                         256        192        176


Exploration expense
Exploration expense represents that portion of exploration expenditure that is not capitalised in accordance with our accounting policies, as set out in
Financial Statements note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’.

Exploration expense for each segment over the last three financial years is set out below.

                                                                                                                              2022       2021       2020
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                            US$M       US$M       US$M
Exploration expense
Copper                                                                                                                             85        53         54
Iron Ore                                                                                                                           54        55         47
Coal                                                                                                                                6         7          9
Group and unallocated items1                                                                                                       54        19         13
Total Group                                                                                                                       199       134        123

1     Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations, including Potash, Nickel West and legacy assets (previously
      disclosed as closed mines in the Petroleum reportable segment), and consolidation adjustments.

                                                                            15
4     Financial review
4.1    Group overview
We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. We publish our Consolidated Financial Statements in US dollars. All Consolidated Income Statement, Consolidated
Balance Sheet and Consolidated Cash Flow Statement information below has been derived from audited Financial Statements. For more information
refer to Financial Statements.

We use various non-IFRS financial information to reflect our underlying performance. Non-IFRS financial information is not defined or specified under
the requirements of IFRS however, is derived from the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS
financial information is consistent with how management reviews financial performance of the Group with the Board and the investment community.
OFR 11 ‘Non-IFRS financial information’ includes our non-IFRS financial information and OFR 11.1 ‘Definition and calculation of non-IFRS financial
information’ outlines why we believe non-IFRS financial information is useful and the relevant calculation methodology. We believe non-IFRS financial
information provides useful information, however it should not be considered as an indication of, or as a substitute for, statutory measures as an
indicator of actual operating performance (such as profit or net operating cash flow) or any other measure of financial performance or position presented
in accordance with IFRS, or as a measure of a company’s profitability, liquidity or financial position.


Summary of financial measures

Year ended 30 June
US$M                                                                                                                                   2022      2021
Consolidated Income Statement (Financial Statements 1.1)
Revenue1                                                                                                                              65,098     56,921
Profit/(loss) after taxation from Continuing operations1                                                                              22,400     13,676
Profit/(loss) after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations attributable to BHP shareholders                             30,900     11,304
Dividends per ordinary share – paid during the period (US cents)                                                                       350.0      156.0
Dividends per ordinary share – determined in respect of the period (US cents)                                                          325.0      301.0
In specie dividend on merger of Petroleum with Woodside (US cents)                                                                     386.4          –
Basic earnings/(loss) per ordinary share (US cents)                                                                                    610.6      223.5
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Financial Statements 1.3)
Total assets                                                                                                                          95,166    108,927
Net assets                                                                                                                            48,766     55,605
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Financial Statements 1.4)
Net operating cash flows                                                                                                              32,174     27,234
Capital and exploration expenditure2                                                                                                   7,545      7,120
Other financial information (OFR 11)
Net debt                                                                                                                                 333      4,121
Underlying attributable profit                                                                                                        23,815     17,077
Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations1                                                                               21,319     16,985
Underlying EBITDA1                                                                                                                    40,634     35,073
Underlying basic earnings per share (US cents)                                                                                         470.6      337.7
Underlying basic earnings per share – Continuing operations (US cents)1                                                                421.2      335.9
Underlying return on capital employed (per cent)                                                                                        48.7       32.5

1      Comparative periods have been adjusted for the effects of applying IFRS 5 ‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations’ and
       discloses them on the same basis as the current period figures. For more information refer to Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued
       operations’.
2      Includes US$1,434 million related to Discontinued operations (FY2021: US$1,316 million).

                                                                           16
4.2 Key performance indicators
Our key performance indicators (KPIs) enable us to measure our sustainable development and financial performance. These KPIs are used to assess
performance of our people throughout the Group. For information on our approach to performance and reward refer to Remuneration Report. For
information on our overall approach to executive remuneration, including remuneration policies and remuneration outcomes refer to Remuneration
Report.

Following BHP’s sale of the Onshore US assets in FY2019 and subsequently the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside in FY2022, the
contribution of these assets to the Group’s results are presented as Discontinued operations. To enable more meaningful comparisons with prior year
disclosures and in some cases to comply with applicable statutory requirements, the data in OFR 4.2, except for Underlying EBITDA, has been
presented to include Petroleum assets. Footnotes to tables and infographics indicate whether data presented in OFR 4.2 is inclusive or exclusive of
Petroleum assets. Details of the contribution of the Petroleum assets to the Group’s results are disclosed in Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued
operations’.




1     Includes data for Continuing and Discontinued operations for the financial years being reported.
2     Excludes data from Discontinued operations for the financial years being reported.
3     For more information on non-IFRS financial information refer to OFR 11.

                                                                           17
Reconciling our financial results to our key performance indicators

                              Profit                                     Earnings                                    Cash                                         Returns
                                               US$M                                        US$M                                     US$M                                               US$M
Measure:   Profit after taxation from          33,055    Profit after taxation from        33,055    Net operating cash flows       29,285    Profit after taxation from               33,055
           Continuing and Discontinued                   Continuing and                              from Continuing                          Continuing and Discontinued
           operations                                    Discontinued operations                     operations                               operations


Made up    Profit after taxation                         Profit after taxation                       Cash generated by the Group’s            Profit after taxation
of:                                                                                                  consolidated operations, after
                                                                                                     dividends received, interest, proceeds
                                                                                                     and settlements of cash management-
                                                                                                     related instruments, taxation and
                                                                                                     royalty-related taxation. It excludes
                                                                                                     cash flows relating to investing and
                                                                                                     financing activities

Adjusted   Exceptional items before     620              Exceptional items before              620   Net operating cash flows       2,889     Exceptional items after taxation          (7,085)
for:       taxation                                      taxation                                    from Discontinued
                                                                                                     operations
                                                                                                                                              Net finance costs excluding
                                                                                                                                              exceptional items from
                                                                                                                                              Discontinued operations                     159
                                                                                                                                              Net finance costs excluding
           Tax effect of exceptional                     Tax effect of exceptional                                                            exceptional items from Continuing
           items                        454              items                                 454                                            operations                                  679
           Exceptional items after                       Depreciation and
           tax attributable to                           amortisation excluding                                                               Income tax expense on
           non-controlling interests     –               exceptional items                   5,683                                            net finance costs                           (287)

                                                         Impairments of property,
           Exceptional items                             plant and equipment,                                                                 Profit after taxation
           attributable to BHP                           financial assets and                                                                 excluding net finance
           shareholders –                                intangibles excluding                                                                costs and exceptional
           Continuing operations                1,074    exceptional items                     515                                            items                                    26,521

           Exceptional items
           attributable to BHP                           Net finance costs excluding
           shareholders –                                exceptional items from                                                               Net assets at the
           Discontinued operations             (8,159)   Continuing operations                 679                                            beginning of period           55,605
           Profit after taxation from
           Continuing and
           Discontinued operations
           attributable to                               Taxation expense excluding                                                           Net debt at the beginning
           non-controlling interests           (2,155)   exceptional items                 10,283                                             of period                       4,121
                                                         Profit after taxation from
                                                         Discontinued operations                                                              Capital employed at the
                                                         (including exceptional items)    (10,655)                                            beginning of period                      59,726
                                                                                                                                              Net assets at the end of
                                                                                                                                              period                        48,766
                                                                                                                                              Net debt at the end of
                                                                                                                                              period                             333
                                                                                                                                              Capital employed at the
                                                                                                                                              end of period                            49,099
                                                                                                                                              Average capital employed                 54,413


To reach   Underlying attributable             23,815    Underlying EBITDA                 40,634    Net operating cash flows       32,174    Underlying return on                     48.7%
our KPIs   profit                                                                                                                             capital employed

Why do     Underlying attributable profit allows the     Underlying EBITDA is used to help           Net operating cash flows provide         Underlying return on capital employed is an
we use     comparability of underlying financial         assess current operational profitability    insights into how we are managing        indicator of the Group’s capital efficiency. It
it?        performance by excluding the impacts of       excluding the impacts of sunk costs         costs and increasing productivity        is provided on an underlying basis to allow
           exceptional items.                            (ie. depreciation from initial              across BHP.                              comparability of underlying financial
                                                         investment). It is a measure that                                                    performance by excluding the impacts of
                                                         management uses internally to assess                                                 exceptional items.
                                                         the performance of the Group’s
                                                         segments and make decisions on the
                                                         allocation of resources.

                                                                                             18
4.3   Financial results
The following table provides more information on the revenue and expenses of the Group in FY2022.

                                                                                                                                      2021     2020
                                                                                                                          2022        US$M     US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                        US$M       Restated Restated
Continuing operations
Revenue1                                                                                                                   65,098     56,921   38,924
Other income                                                                                                                1,398        380      720
Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                                                      (32,371)   (30,871) (25,453)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                                                      (19)      (915)    (508)
Profit from operations                                                                                                     34,106     25,515   13,683
Net finance costs                                                                                                            (969)    (1,223)    (858)
Total taxation expense                                                                                                    (10,737)   (10,616) (4,197)
Profit after taxation from Continuing operations                                                                           22,400     13,676    8,628
Discontinued operations
Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations                                                                  10,655       (225)       108
Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                          33,055     13,451      8,736
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                   2,155      2,147        780
Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                           30,900     11,304      7,956

1     Includes the sale of third-party products.

Profit after taxation attributable to BHP shareholders increased from US$11.3 billion in FY2021 to US$30.9 billion in FY2022. Attributable profit of
US$30.9 billion includes an exceptional gain of US$7.1 billion (after tax), compared to an attributable profit of US$11.3 billion including an exceptional
loss of US$5.8 billion (after tax) in the prior period. The FY2022 exceptional gain includes a US$1.1 billion exceptional loss related to Continuing
operations comprising of Samarco dam failure impacts, corporate structure unification costs and US deferred tax asset impairments partially offset by
the net gain on disposal of BMC. The net gain on merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside is included as an exceptional item related to
Discontinued operations included within Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations. For more information on Exceptional items refer to
Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’.

Revenue of US$65.1 billion increased by US$8.2 billion, or 14 per cent from FY2021. This increase was mainly due to higher average realised prices
for metallurgical coal, thermal coal, copper and nickel, partially offset by lower average realised prices for iron ore.

Lower volumes were experienced across the Group’s portfolio due to COVID-19 impacts, the planned major smelter maintenance campaign at Olympic
Dam and lower feed grade at Escondida and Spence. Volume decline was partially offset by higher concentrate sales at Spence reflecting the continued
ramp up of the Spence Growth Option. For information on our average realised prices and production of our commodities refer to OFR 10.

Total expenses excluding net finance costs of US$32.4 billion increased by US$1.5 billion, or 5 per cent from FY2021. This included higher raw
materials and consumables of US$1.1 billion due to South Flank operational ramp up and higher input prices mainly due to higher diesel and acid prices,
higher royalties of US$0.9 billion mainly driven by prices for metallurgical coal and thermal coal and US$0.7 billion third-party purchases mainly due
to higher nickel prices. Higher depreciation and amortisation expense of US$0.6 billion reflected the commissioning of South Flank, Spence Growth
Option, and the completion of the major smelter maintenance at Olympic Dam. The increase also included US$0.4 billion of costs related to corporate
structure unification. This was partly offset by lower impairments of US$2.0 billion mainly due to Potash and NSWEC asset impairment charges in the
prior period.

Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses of US$19 million decreased by US$0.9 billion from FY2021. The decrease
was primarily related to a lower increase in the Samarco dam failure provision compared to FY2021 and US$0.5 billion impairment of Cerrejón in
FY2021. For more information on the total impact of the Samarco dam failure provision and impairment charges connected with equity accounted
investments, refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and Financial Statements note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’ respectively.

Net finance costs of US$1.0 billion decreased by US$0.3 billion, or 21 per cent from FY2021. This was mainly due to premiums of US$395 million
paid as part of the multi-currency hybrid debt repurchase programs completed during FY2021. For more information on net finance costs refer to
Financial Statements note 22 ‘Net finance costs’.

Total taxation expense of US$10.7 billion increased by US$0.1 billion from FY2021. The increase is primarily due to higher profits from higher prices
offset by FY2021 reduction of US tax credits related to Chilean taxes and tax losses assessed as not recoverable not repeating. For more information on
income tax expense refer to Financial Statements note 6 ‘Income tax expense’.

                                                                           19
Principal factors that affect Underlying EBITDA
The following table and commentary describes the impact of the principal factors1 that affected Underlying EBITDA for FY2022 compared with
FY2021.

                                            US$M
Underlying EBITDA for year ended
30 June 2021 (Restated)                     35,073
Net price impact:
                                                       Higher average realised prices for metallurgical coal, thermal coal, copper and nickel, partially
Change in sales prices                        6,594
                                                       offset by lower average realised prices for iron ore.
                                                     Increased royalties reflecting higher realised prices for metallurgical coal and thermal coal and
Price-linked costs                           (1,047) higher third-party concentrate purchase costs reflecting higher nickel prices, partially offset by
                                                     lower royalties for iron ore.
                                              5,547
                                                     Lower volumes across our operations associated with the impacts of COVID-19 (US$952
                                                     million), lower volumes at Olympic Dam as a result of the planned major smelter maintenance
                                                     campaign, lower copper concentrator feed grade at Escondida, lower BMA volumes due to
Change in volumes                            (1,212) significant wet weather impacts, and lower volumes at Nickel West due to an unplanned smelter
                                                     outage in the June 2022 quarter. This was partially offset by higher concentrate sales at Spence
                                                     reflecting the continued ramp up of the Spence Growth Option and favourable weather compared
                                                     to the prior year at WAIO.
                                                     Higher costs across our operations due to the impacts of COVID-19 (US$277 million) reported as
                                                     an exceptional item last year, higher costs at WAIO due to South Flank operational ramp-up
                                                     expenditure and higher rail maintenance costs. Higher costs at Escondida due to an increase in
                                                     material mined and workforce bonus payments for a new collective bargaining agreement.
Change in controllable cash costs              (540)
                                                     Higher costs at Spence due to a ramp-up of concentrate volumes, and a prior year one-off gain
                                                     due to the cancellation of power contracts at Escondida and Spence. This was partially offset by
                                                     favourable inventory movements at Olympic Dam, Nickel West, Escondida and Spence, and
                                                     lower costs at BMA due to cost efficiency initiatives.
Change in other costs:
Exchange rates                                1,180 Impact of movements in the Australian dollar and Chilean peso against the US dollar.
Inflation                                      (867) Impact of inflation on the Group’s cost base.
Fuel, energy, and consumable price
                                               (660) Predominantly higher diesel and acid prices.
   movements
Non-cash                                         (3)
                                               (350)
Asset sales                                       2
                                                       Reflects the contribution of BMC prior to divestment and a decrease in costs related to the
Ceased and sold operations                    1,668    closure and rehabilitation provision for closed mines of US$297 million compared with the prior
                                                       year.
                                                       Other includes higher recovery of freight costs caused by movements in the freight index on
Other items                                    446     consecutive voyage charter (CVC) voyages and higher average realised sales prices received by
                                                       Antamina, partially offset by the write-off of iron ore dormant stockpiles.
Underlying EBITDA for year ended
30 June 2022                                40,634

1     For information on the method of calculation of the principal factors that affect Underlying EBITDA, refer to OFR 11.2.

                                                                           20
Discontinued operations
On 22 November 2021, the Group and Woodside signed a binding Share Sale Agreement (‘SSA’) for the merger of the assets with Woodside. Woodside
has subsequently acquired the entire share capital of BHP Petroleum International Pty Ltd (‘BHP Petroleum’) in exchange for new Woodside ordinary
shares.

While the merger had an economic effective date of 1 July 2021, the Group continued to control the Petroleum assets and carry on business in the
normal course for 11 months until 1 June 2022 (Completion Date). As such, the Group recognises its share of revenue, expenses, net finance costs and
associated income tax expense related to the discontinued operation until the Completion Date.

All income and expense items relating to the Petroleum Discontinued Operation have been removed from the individual line items in the Consolidated
Income Statement. The post-tax loss of the Petroleum Discontinued Operation is presented as a single amount in the line item titled ‘Profit/(loss) after
taxation from Discontinued operations’.

Petroleum’s contribution to BHP’s 2022 financial results comprised a US$2.5 billion profit after taxation.

As consideration for the sale of BHP Petroleum, the Group received 914,768,948 newly issued Woodside ordinary shares at Completion Date. On the
Completion Date, the Group paid a fully franked in specie dividend in the form of Woodside shares to eligible BHP shareholders. Eligible BHP
shareholders received one Woodside share for every 5.5340 BHP shares they held on the Group’s register at the record date of 26 May 2022. As part of
completion and in order to reflect the economic effective date, the Group made a net cash payment of US$0.7 billion to Woodside in addition to
US$0.4 billion in cash that was left in the BHP Petroleum bank accounts to fund ongoing operations. The total cash transfer of US$1.1 billion reflects
the net cash flows generated by BHP Petroleum between 1 July 2021 and Completion Date adjusted for dividends Woodside would have paid on the
newly issued Woodside ordinary shares, had the merger completed on 1 July 2021. The net cash completion payment to Woodside is subject to a
customary post-completion review, which may result in an adjustment to the amount paid. The merger generated a net gain after tax of US$8.2 billion
that has been included in the line item titled ‘Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations’ and treated as an exceptional item.

For further information refer to Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’.


Cash flow
The following table provides a summary of the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement contained in Financial Statements 1.4, excluding the impact of
foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents.

                                                                                                                                   2021     2020
                                                                                                                          2022     US$M     US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                       US$M     Restated Restated
Net operating cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                       29,285   25,883   14,685
Net operating cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                      2,889     1,351    1,021
Net operating cash flows                                                                                                  32,174   27,234   15,706
Net investing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                       (4,973)   (6,325)  (6,583)
Net investing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                       (904)   (1,520)  (1,033)
Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                            (683)        –        –
Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                     (399)        –        –
Net investing cash flows                                                                                                  (6,959)   (7,845)  (7,616)
Net financing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                      (22,734) (17,884)   (9,713)
Net financing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                        (33)      (38)     (39)
Net financing cash flows                                                                                                 (22,767) (17,922)   (9,752)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                       2,448     1,467   (1,662)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Continuing operations                                            1,578     1,674   (1,611)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Discontinued operations                                          1,952      (207)     (51)
Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                            (683)        –        –
Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                     (399)        –        –

Net operating cash inflows from Continuing operations of US$29.3 billion increased by US$3.4 billion. This reflects higher net commodity prices,
favourable foreign exchange and strong underlying operational performance partially offset by COVID-19 impacts.

                                                                           21
Net investing cash outflows from Continuing operations of US$5.0 billion decreased by US$1.4 billion. This is primarily due to net proceeds
received of US$1.3 billion, including adjustment for working capital, related to the sale of BHP’s 80 per cent interest in BMC to Stanmore Resources
Limited completed in the current period.

For more information and a breakdown of capital and exploration expenditure on a commodity basis refer to OFR 10.

Net financing cash outflows from Continuing operations of US$22.7 billion increased by US$4.9 billion. This increase reflects higher dividends paid
to BHP shareholders of US$10.0 billion offset by lower net repayments of interest bearing liabilities of US$5.6 billion mainly due to bond maturity
payments and early repayment of hybrid bonds executed in the FY2021 year.

For more information, refer to Financial Statements note 20 ‘Net debt’.

Net cash flows from Discontinued operations relate to the Group’s Petroleum business that was merged with Woodside on 1 June 2022. For further
information, refer to Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’.

Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE) of 48.7 per cent increased by 16.2 percentage points (FY2021: 32.5 per cent) reflecting the
significant increase in profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and exceptional items of US$6.4 billion. The increase is also due to the disposal
of the Group’s Petroleum business and BMC reducing average capital employed.

For more information on Assets under Construction refer to Financial Statements note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’.

The comparisons for the year ended 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2020 in connection with Financial results, Principal factors that affect Underlying EBITDA
and Cash flow have been omitted from this annual report on Form 20-F and can be found in our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended
30 June 2021, filed on 21 September 2021.


4.4   Debt and sources of liquidity
Our policies on debt and liquidity management have the following objectives:
•     a strong balance sheet through the cycle
•     diversification of funding sources
•     maintain borrowings and excess cash predominantly in US dollars


Interest bearing liabilities, net debt and gearing
At the end of FY2022, Interest bearing liabilities were US$16.4 billion (FY2021: US$21.0 billion) and Cash and cash equivalents were US$17.2 billion
(FY2021: US$15.2 billion). This resulted in Net debt1 of US$0.3 billion, which represented a decrease of US$3.8 billion compared with the net debt
position at 30 June 2021. This was primarily due to significant operating cash flows generated from strong coal and copper prices and reliable operating
performance which more than offset the payment of record dividends. Gearing, which is the ratio of Net debt to Net debt plus Net assets, was 0.7 per
cent at 30 June 2022, compared with 6.9 per cent at 30 June 2021.

During FY2022, gross debt decreased by US$4.6 billion to US$16.4 billion as at 30 June 2022. This decrease includes a US$0.5 billion repayment of
3.25 per cent USD senior notes that matured on 21 November 2021 and US$0.7 billion repayment of 2.875 per cent USD senior notes that matured on
24 February 2022. The reduction also includes US$2.3 billion of favourable foreign exchange and interest rate adjustments, along with US$0.5 billion of
coal and Petroleum leases disposed following the coal divestments and merger of Petroleum business with Woodside.

At the subsidiary level, Escondida refinanced US$0.9 billion of long-term debt and borrowed US$0.3 billion in long-term debt.

1     We use non-IFRS financial information to reflect our underlying financial performance. For a discussion on the non-IFRS financial information
      we use refer to OFR 11. For the definition and method of calculation of non-IFRS financial information, refer to OFR 11.1. For the composition of
      net debt refer to Financial Statements note 20 ‘Net debt’.

                                                                             22
Funding sources
No new Group-level debt was issued in FY2022 and debt that matured during the year was not refinanced.

Our Group-level borrowing facilities are not subject to financial covenants. Certain specific financing facilities in relation to specific assets are the
subject of financial covenants that vary from facility to facility, as is considered normal for such facilities. In addition to the Group’s uncommitted debt
issuance programs, we hold the following committed standby facility:

                                                                               Facility                                   Facility
                                                                              available      Drawn       Undrawn         available     Drawn       Undrawn
                                                                                2022          2022         2022            2021        2021         2021
                                                                               US$M          US$M         US$M            US$M         US$M         US$M
Revolving credit facility1                                                       5,500            –          5,500          5,500          –          5,500
Total financing facility                                                         5,500            –          5,500          5,500          –          5,500

1     During the year we completed a one-year extension of the facility which is now due to mature on 10 October 2026. The committed US$5.5 billion
      revolving credit facility operates as a back-stop to the Group’s uncommitted commercial paper program. The combined amount drawn under the
      facility or as commercial paper will not exceed US$5.5 billion. As at 30 June 2022, US$ nil commercial paper was drawn (FY2021: US$ nil),
      therefore US$5.5 billion of committed facility was available to use (FY2021: US$5.5 billion). A commitment fee is payable on the undrawn
      balance and interest is payable on any drawn balance comprising a reference rate plus a margin. The agreed margins are typical for a credit facility
      extended to a company with the Group’s credit rating.

For more information on the maturity profile of our debt obligations and details of our standby and support agreements refer to Financial Statements
note 23 ‘Financial risk management’. Information in relation to our material off-balance sheet arrangements, principally contingent liabilities,
commitments for capital expenditure and commitments under leases at 30 June 2022 is provided in Financial Statements note 11 ‘Property, plant and
equipment’, Financial Statements note 21 ‘Leases’ and Financial Statements note 32 ‘Contingent liabilities’, respectively.

In our opinion, working capital is sufficient for our present requirements. Our Moody’s credit rating has remained at A2/P-1 outlook stable (long-
term/short-term) throughout FY2022 and Moody’s affirmed its credit rating on 2 June 2022. Our Standard & Poor’s credit rating changed from A/A-1
outlook stable (long-term/short-term) to A/A-1 CreditWatch negative (long-term/short-term) on 23 August 2021, following the announcement of the
proposed merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside. Upon completion of the merger, on 1 June 2022 Standard & Poor’s lowered the Group’s
long-term credit rating by one notch and removed the credit rating from CreditWatch, and confirmed a credit rating of A-/A-1 outlook stable (long-
term/short-term). Credit ratings are forward-looking opinions on credit risk. Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s credit ratings express the opinion of each
agency on the ability and willingness of BHP to meet its financial obligations in full and on time. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by an assigning rating agency. Any credit rating should be
evaluated independently of any other information.

                                                                             23
The following table expands on the net debt, to provide more information on the cash and non-cash movements in FY2022.

                                                                                                                      2022                    2021
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                    US$M                   US$M
Net debt at the beginning of the financial year                                                                              (4,121)              (12,044)
Net operating cash flows                                                                                         32,174                 27,234
Net investing cash flows                                                                                         (6,959)                (7,845)
Free cash flow – Total operations                                                                                            25,215                19,389
Carrying value of interest bearing liability net repayments                                                       2,227                  7,433
Net settlements of interest bearing liabilities and debt related instruments                                     (2,474)                (7,424)
Dividends paid                                                                                                  (17,851)                (7,901)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                      (2,540)                (2,127)
Other financing activities1                                                                                        (149)                  (234)
Other cash movements                                                                                                        (20,787)              (10,253)
Fair value adjustment on debt (including debt related instruments) 2                                                  5                     58
Foreign exchange impacts on cash (including cash management related instruments)                                     27                     (1)
Lease additions                                                                                                    (736)                (1,079)
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations                                                              492                      –
Others                                                                                                             (428)                  (191)
Non-cash movements                                                                                                             (640)               (1,213)
Net debt at the end of the financial year                                                                                      (333)               (4,121)

1    Other financing activities mainly comprises purchases of shares by Employee Share Option Plan trusts of US$149 million (FY2021: US$234
     million).
2    The Group hedges against the volatility in both exchange and interest rates on debt, and also exchange on cash, with associated movements in
     derivatives reported in Other financial assets/liabilities as effective hedged derivatives (cross currency and interest rate swaps), in accordance with
     accounting standards. For more information refer to Financial Statements note 23 ‘Financial risk management’.


Dividends
Our dividend policy provides for a minimum 50 per cent payout of Underlying attributable profit (Continuing operations) at every reporting period. The
minimum dividend payment for the second half of FY2022 was US$1.15 per share. The Board determined to pay an additional amount of US$0.60 per
share, taking the final dividend to US$1.75 per share (US$8.9 billion). In total, cash dividends of US$16.4 billion (US$3.25 per share) have been
determined for FY2022. These returns are covered by total free cash flow of US$25.2 billion in FY2022.

In addition, an in specie dividend of US$19.6 billion (US$3.86 per share) was determined in FY2022, distributing the Woodside shares received as
consideration for the sale of BHP Petroleum. The total dividends determined in FY2022, both cash and in specie, was US$36.0 billion (US$7.11 per
share).

The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2020 has been omitted from this annual report on Form 20-F and can be found in our annual
report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2021, filed on 21 September 2021.

                                                                            24
5     Our assets
5.1    Minerals Australia
Minerals Australia includes operated assets in Western Australia, Queensland, New South Wales and South Australia, focused on iron ore, metallurgical
coal, copper, nickel and energy coal. The commodities produced by our Minerals Australia assets are transported by rail and road to port and exported to
our global customers.


Iron Ore




Western Australia Iron Ore
Overview
Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) is an integrated system of four processing hubs and five open-cut operational mines in the Pilbara region of northern
Western Australia, connected by more than 1,000 kilometres of rail infrastructure and port facilities.

WAIO’s Pilbara reserve base is relatively concentrated, allowing development through integrated mining hubs connected to the mines and satellite
orebodies by conveyors or spur lines. This approach seeks to maximise the value of installed infrastructure by using the same processing plant and rail
infrastructure for several orebodies.

Ore is crushed, beneficiated (where necessary) and blended at the processing hubs – Mt Newman operations (which has our beneficiation plant), Yandi,
Mining Area C and Jimblebar – to create lump and fines products that are transported along the Port Hedland – Mt Newman rail line to the Finucane
Island and Nelson Point port facilities at Port Hedland.

There are four main WAIO joint ventures (JVs): Mt Newman, Yandi, Mt Goldsworthy (which includes the new South Flank mining area) and Jimblebar.
BHP’s interest in each is 85 per cent, with Mitsui and ITOCHU owning the remaining 15 per cent. The joint ventures are unincorporated, except
Jimblebar.

BHP, Mitsui, ITOCHU and POSCO are also participants in the POSMAC JV. BHP’s interest in POSMAC is 65 per cent. The ore from the POSMAC JV
is sold to the main joint ventures.

All ore is transported on the Mt Newman JV and Mt Goldsworthy JV rail lines. The Nelson Point port facility is owned by the Mt Newman JV and the
Finucane Island facility is owned by the Mt Goldsworthy JV. On 7 September 2021, BHP received regulatory approval to increase its export capacity at
WAIO’s Port Hedland operations up to 330 million tonnes per annum (Mtpa) (100 per cent basis) subject to the outcomes of a standard appeals process.
We are assessing 330 Mtpa expansion alternatives.

Our near-term focus remains on sustainable production of 290 Mtpa of iron ore in the short term. Successful tie-in of capital projects, including the port
debottlenecking project, is expected to enable growth in excess of 300 Mtpa in the medium term.

                                                                            25
Key developments in FY2022
WAIO’s production of 249 million tonnes (Mt) or 283 Mt on a 100 per cent basis was in line with the prior period, primarily reflecting continued strong
supply chain performance and favourable weather compared to the prior period, offset by the impacts of temporary labour constraints relating to
COVID-19 and planned major maintenance including the Jimblebar train load out and car dumper one. Our preventative maintenance programs continue
to underpin the strength of the WAIO supply chain, delivering increased car dumper, reclaimer and ship loader availability year-on-year and enabling
record sales volumes of 284 Mt (100 per cent basis).

South Flank ramp up to full production capacity of 80 Mtpa (100 per cent basis) is ahead of schedule with an average rate of 67 Mtpa achieved in the
June 2022 quarter contributing to record production from the Mining Area C hub and record lump sales in FY2022. Yandi continues its end-of-life ramp-
down as South Flank continues to ramp up. Yandi is expected to provide supply chain flexibility with a lower level of production to continue for a few
years.

Testing of two new automated shiploaders has commenced at our Port Hedland operations. This project is utilising 3D laser technology, which is
expected to support the full automation of WAIO’s eight shiploaders by CY2023. Together with planned autonomous haulage rollouts at both South
Flank and Newman West, these initiatives are expected to deliver significant safety, production and cost improvements as well as new job and
development opportunities for our people.


Copper




Olympic Dam
Overview
Located in South Australia, Olympic Dam (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) is one of the world’s most significant deposits of copper, gold, silver and
uranium. It comprises underground and surface operations and is a fully integrated processing facility from ore to metal.

Ore mined underground is hauled by an automated train system to crushing, storage and ore hoisting facilities or trucked directly to the surface.

Olympic Dam has a fully integrated metallurgical complex with a grinding and concentrating circuit, a hydrometallurgical plant incorporating solvent
extraction circuits for copper and uranium, a copper smelter, a copper refinery, including an electro-refinery and an electrowinning-refinery, and a
recovery circuit for precious metals.

                                                                            26
Key developments in FY2022
Olympic Dam copper production decreased by 33 per cent to 138 kilotonnes (kt) primarily as a result of a major smelter maintenance campaign
(SCM21) completed in January 2022 which was delayed due to COVID-19 impacts on the availability of the workforce. Near-record production in the
June 2022 quarter followed the successful ramp up of the smelter to full capacity in April 2022. Average copper grade of 2.14 per cent was achieved in
FY2022 as the majority of material mined is from the Southern Mine Area, investment in which over the past few years enabled strong underground
mine performance and a stable ore blend to be delivered to the processing plant. The maintenance campaign included the rebuild of the flash furnace and
its ancillary equipment, and refurbishment of the acid plant, which has resulted in significant plant improvements. Short-term focus is on delivering
operational stability and improved production performance, through debottlenecking existing facilities.

In February 2022, to support future secure and sustainable water sources for regional South Australia, Olympic Dam entered a Memorandum of
Understanding with the South Australian Government, SA Water and OZ Minerals to progress a business case to examine the building of a desalination
plant and pipeline. Olympic Dam has also entered into a renewable energy supply arrangement to enable the asset to draw energy supplies from a solar-
wind hybrid plant to reduce the Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions from its electricity consumption by 2025. In FY2022, Olympic Dam became the first
Australian copper mine to be awarded the Copper Mark, an international accreditation that recognises responsible production practice.

The Oak Dam exploration program is continuing next stage resource definition drilling with six drill rigs now active on site, an increase from two drill
rigs previously, after commencing the program in May 2021. This program is focused on resource definition and potential development pathways.


Coal




BHP Mitsubishi Alliance
Overview
BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA) (BHP ownership: 50 per cent) operates seven metallurgical coal mines – Goonyella Riverside, Broadmeadow, Daunia,
Peak Downs, Saraji, Blackwater and Caval Ridge in the Bowen Basin, Queensland. With the exception of the Broadmeadow underground longwall
operation, BMA’s mines are open cut. A small proportion of BMA’s production is sold as energy coal. BMA has access to infrastructure, including a
modern, multi-user rail network and owns and operates its own coal-loading terminal at Hay Point, near Mackay. BMA has contracted capacity at two
other multi-user port facilities – the Port of Gladstone (RG Tanna Coal Terminal) and Dalrymple Bay Coal Terminal (DBCT). Following BHP’s
divestment of BHP Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd (BMC), BMA no longer has contracted access to BMC’s port allocations at DBCT and North Queensland
Export Terminal (NQXT).

                                                                           27
Key developments in FY2022
BMA production decreased by 9 per cent to 29 Mt or 58 Mt on a 100 per cent basis. Significant wet weather impacts across most BMA operations and
labour constraints, including COVID-19 related absences, which impacted stripping and mine productivity, more than offset record production at the
Broadmeadow mine.

Following the automation of Daunia’s truck fleet in November 2021, the automation of Goonyella’s pre-strip truck fleet was completed in March 2022
with the Goonyella coal truck fleet expected to be fully autonomous by the end of December 2022.

During the year, BMA commenced a project for the fabrication and installation of a new berth superstructure and shiploader at Hay Point Coal Terminal,
with a focus on improving the facility’s operational resilience to withstand significant weather events and increasing its throughput capacity.

In response to regular wet weather events, BMA is continuing to implement a range of wet weather mitigation measures which are aimed at improving
the ability to operate in adverse weather conditions. These measures include using drone mapping and rain on grid modelling to manage surface water
flows to less impactful areas, improved road preparation and the use of nitrogen filled tyres to enable operation in lightning conditions.

Following the announcement of the change to the Queensland royalty regime from 1 July 2022, we will assess the impact on BMA economic reserves
and mine lives, as well as the impact on production, jobs and the communities of Central Queensland. This further cost pressure is expected to
discourage investment, operational growth, job creation and local business spending across the state.


New South Wales Energy Coal
Overview
New South Wales Energy Coal (NSWEC) (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) comprises the Mt Arthur Coal open-cut energy coal mine in the Hunter Valley.
It has access to infrastructure in the Hunter Region, including a multi-user rail network and coal loading terminal access at the Port of Newcastle
through Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group (BHP ownership: 28 per cent) and Port Waratah Coal Services.


Key developments in FY2022
NSWEC production decreased by 4 per cent to 14 Mt primarily reflecting lower volumes due to an increased proportion of washed coal to capitalise on
higher margins for higher quality coals, COVID-19 related labour constraints which impacted stripping performance and mine productivity and wet
weather. Higher-quality coals made up almost 90 per cent of sales compared to approximately 60 per cent of sales in the prior year, generating a price
premium of nearly 150 per cent between high-quality and lower-quality coals in FY2022.

On 16 June 2022, we announced that we will retain NSWEC in our portfolio, seek the relevant approvals to continue mining beyond its current mining
consent that expires in CY2026 and proceed with a managed process to cease mining at the asset by the end of FY2030. A review was announced in
August 2020 and a trade sale process for NSWEC was conducted, however the process did not result in a viable offer. Our assessment of the resource
economics, geotechnical profile and future investment requirements led us to determine that continued mining in the near term and moving to closure in
FY2030 provides the optimal financial outcome when compared to alternate options. Continuation of mining to the end of FY2030 is expected to afford
eight years to work with our people, state and federal governments and local communities in the Hunter Valley region on an equitable transition
approach that supports long-term community sustainability.


BHP Mitsui Coal divestment
On 3 May 2022, we completed the divestment of our 80 per cent interest in BMC, a metallurgical coal joint venture in Queensland operated by BMC, to
Stanmore Resources Limited. Stanmore Resources paid US$1.1 billion cash consideration at completion plus a preliminary completion adjustment of
approximately US$200 million for working capital. The sum of US$100 million cash remains payable to BHP on 3 November 2022, with potential for
an additional amount of up to US$150 million in a price-linked earnout payable to BHP in CY2024. The total cash consideration for the transaction is up
to US$1.35 billion plus the final completion adjustment amount.

                                                                          28
Nickel




Nickel West
Overview
Nickel West (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) is a fully integrated nickel business located in Western Australia, with three streams of concentrate. It
comprises open-cut and underground mines, concentrators, a smelter and refinery. Nickel West owns the majority of tenements of known resource in the
Agnew-Wiluna basin in Western Australia.

Disseminated sulphide ore is mined at the Mt Keith open-pit operation and Mt Keith Satellite mine (Yakabindie) and crushed and processed onsite to
produce nickel concentrate. Nickel sulphide ore is mined at the Cliffs and Leinster underground mines and processed through a concentrator and dryer at
Leinster. A concentrator plant in Kambalda processes ore and concentrate purchased from third parties.

The three streams feed the Kalgoorlie nickel smelter, which uses a flash furnace to produce nickel matte. The Kwinana nickel refinery then turns this
into nickel powder, briquettes and nickel sulphate.


Key developments in FY2022
Nickel West production decreased by 14 per cent to 77 kt primarily due to the significant impacts of COVID-19 related labour absences and workforce
shortages, and unplanned downtime at the oxygen plant leading to a 15-day smelter outage in the June 2022 quarter.

The nickel sulphate plant at the Kwinana nickel refinery has been commissioned, with first saleable production achieved in the December 2021 quarter.
The plant is expected to produce approximately 100 kilotonnes per annum (ktpa) of nickel sulphate for the lithium-ion battery industry.

Leinster B11, BHP’s first block cave, continues development whilst producing. Ore is being hoisted to the Leinster concentrator and the undercut and
drawbell development essential to this mining method are expected to be complete in CY2023.

Nickel West expanded its commitment to sourcing renewable energy through the execution of power purchase agreements for 100 per cent output of the
75MW Flat Rocks Wind Farm and for 50 per cent of the 100MW Merredin Solar Farm. The combined output from these two renewable farms is
expected to generate the equivalent of greater than 100 per cent of the current power requirements of Nickel West’s Kalgoorlie nickel smelter, Kambalda
nickel concentrator and Kwinana nickel refinery from CY2024.

TransAlta has begun construction at the Northern Goldfields Solar Project, a large-scale, off-grid mining solar and battery energy storage systems, to
help power Nickel West’s Mt Keith and Leinster operations. The solar project, due to be commissioned in early 2023, is expected to reduce Scope 2
emissions by 12 per cent at these operations.

                                                                           29
5.2 Minerals Americas
The Minerals Americas asset group includes projects, operated assets and non-operated joint ventures in Canada, Chile, Peru, the United States and
Brazil.

Our operated copper assets in the Americas, Escondida and Pampa Norte, are open-cut mines that produce copper concentrate and copper cathodes. The
non-operated assets in the Minerals Americas portfolio are open-cut mines that produce copper (Antamina) and iron ore (Samarco). We have a 45 per
cent interest in the Resolution copper project in the United States and a 100 per cent interest in the Jansen Potash Project in Canada. The commodities
produced by our Minerals Americas assets are transported to port by pipeline, rail or road and exported to customers around the world.


Copper




Escondida
Overview
Escondida (BHP ownership: 57.5 per cent) is a leading producer of copper concentrate, with by-products including gold and silver, and cathodes located
in the Atacama Desert in northern Chile.

Escondida’s two pits feed three concentrator plants, as well as two leaching operations (oxide and sulphide).


Key developments in FY2022
Escondida copper production decreased by 6 per cent to 1,004 kt primarily due to higher than expected concentrator feed grade decline of 4 per cent,
public road blockades affecting access to site for both workers and supplies, and the impact of a reduced operational workforce from COVID-19.
Despite these challenges, Escondida achieved record material mined for the 2022 financial year and near record concentrator throughput of 367 ktpd.


Pampa Norte
Overview
Pampa Norte (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) consists of two assets in the Atacama Desert in northern Chile – Spence and Cerro Colorado.

Spence produces copper cathodes and copper concentrate, with by-products including gold, silver and molybdenum.

Cerro Colorado produces copper cathodes. Its current environmental licence expires at the end of CY2023.


Key developments in FY2022
Pampa Norte copper production increased by 29 per cent to 281 kt reflecting the ramp up of the Spence Growth Option, partially offset by the impact of
lower cathode production as a result of a 14 per cent decline in Pampa Norte stacking feed grade. The molybdenum plant at Spence produced and sold
its first batch of molybdenum concentrate during Q4 FY2022. During May 2022, the new copper concentrator in Spence was inaugurated. The
concentrator operates on desalinated seawater and is powered from renewable sources, and will allow the operation to be extended by 50 years.

                                                                           30
Potash




Jansen Potash Project
Overview
The Jansen Potash Project (BHP ownership: 100 per cent) is located about 140 kilometres east of Saskatoon, Canada.

Jansen’s large resource provides the opportunity to develop the project in stages, with Jansen Stage 1 (Jansen S1) expected to produce approximately
4.35 Mt of potash per annum on completion in CY2027 and sequenced brownfield expansions of up to 12 Mtpa (approximately 4 Mtpa per stage).

BHP holds mineral leases covering around 9,600 square kilometres in the Saskatchewan potash basin.


Key developments in FY2022
Excavation and lining of the production and service shafts was completed in June 2022.

On 17 August 2021, BHP approved US$5.7 billion (C$7.5 billion) in capital expenditure for Jansen S1. Jansen S1 includes the design, engineering and
construction of an underground potash mine and surface infrastructure, including a processing facility, a product storage building and rail infrastructure.
Jansen S1 product is intended to be shipped to export markets through Westshore in Delta, British Columbia. The project includes funding for the
required port and rail infrastructure. First ore is targeted in CY2027, with construction expected to take approximately six years, followed by a ramp-up
period of two years.

Opportunities to bring forward Jansen S1 continue to be assessed. In addition to Jansen S1, study of Jansen Stage 2 (Jansen S2) has commenced.

                                                                            31
Non-operated minerals joint ventures
Copper




Antamina
Overview
Antamina (BHP ownership: 33.75 per cent) is a large, low-cost copper and zinc mine in north central Peru with by-products, including molybdenum and
silver. Antamina is operated independently by Compañía Minera Antamina S.A.


Key developments in FY2022
Antamina copper production increased by 4 per cent to 150 kt (BHP share) reflecting higher copper head grades. Zinc production decreased by 15 per
cent to 123 kt (BHP share) reflecting lower zinc head grades.

In April 2022, Antamina submitted to Peruvian authorities a Modification of the Environmental Impact Assessment to sustain mine life from 2028 to
2036 entirely within Antamina’s current operational area.


Resolution Copper




                                                                         32
Overview
Resolution Copper (BHP ownership: 45 per cent), located in the US state of Arizona, is operated by Rio Tinto (55 per cent ownership interest).
Resolution Copper is one of the largest undeveloped copper projects in the world and has the potential to become one of the largest copper producers in
North America. The Resolution Copper deposit lies more than 1,600 metres beneath the surface.


Key developments in FY2022
During FY2022, Resolution continued the engineering and permitting phase of the project. The project is subject to a federal permitting process led by
the US Forest Service. The US Forest Service published a Final Environmental Impact Statement in January 2021, which was rescinded in March 2022
for the stated purpose of conducting additional analysis and consultation with Native American tribes. The project team has been cooperating with the
US Forest Service as it completes this additional review. During this time, Resolution has sought to deepen its engagement and relationships with local
communities and Native American tribes.


Iron Ore




Samarco
Overview
Samarco (BHP ownership: 50 per cent) comprises a mine and three concentrators located in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais, and four pellet plants
and a port located in Anchieta in the state of Espírito Santo. Three 400-kilometre pipelines connect the mine site to the pelletising facilities. Samarco is
operated independently by Samarco Mineração S.A. Samarco’s main product is iron ore pellets. Pellets are independently marketed by Samarco and sold
to customers around the world.


Key developments in FY2022
Samarco produced 4 million tonnes of pellets and ore fines in FY2022 (BHP Share), operating at 26 per cent of its total 26 Mtpa production capacity
following the resumption of operations in December 2020. Studies to increase production to 100 per cent by FY2029 are progressing.

The progressive decharacterisation of Samarco’s upstream tailings dam structures is on track and planned to be completed by FY2029. These structures
have been certified by independent third parties as stable, are following local stability and monitoring requirements, and have not received tailings since
2015.

Broader studies to unlock solutions for Samarco to operate without tailings dams beyond FY2030 are continuing.

For more information on the Fundão dam failure and the response refer to OFR 8.

                                                                            33
5.3   Commercial
BHP’s Commercial function seeks to maximise commercial and social value while minimising costs across the end-to-end supply chain.

The function is organised around the following core activities in our value chain, supported by credit and market risk management and strategy and
planning activities.


Sales and Marketing
Sales and Marketing connects BHP’s resources to market through commercial expertise, sales and operations planning, customer insights and proactive
risk management. It presents a single face to markets across multiple assets, with a view to realising maximum value for our products and supporting
sustainability initiatives in our downstream supply chain.


Maritime and Supply Chain Excellence
Maritime and Supply Chain Excellence manages BHP’s enterprise-wide maritime transportation strategy and the chartering of ocean freight to meet
BHP’s inbound and outbound transportation needs. It focuses on supply chain excellence and sourcing cost-efficient marine freight in addition to
partnering within the maritime ecosystem to reduce the GHG emissions intensity of BHP-chartered shipping of our products. It also seeks to manage
supply chain risk by vetting the safety performance of the ships loading BHP cargo.


Procurement
Our global Procurement team connects asset teams and suppliers to procure the goods and services used by our projects, operated assets and functions
globally. Procurement partners with our suppliers to optimise equipment performance, reduce operating costs, optimise working capital and generate
social value. Through innovation, we work with suppliers to reduce the GHG emissions intensity of inbound goods and services and the operational
GHG emissions of our operated assets. Procurement manages supply chain risk, fosters supplier innovation and develops sustainable relationships with
global suppliers and local businesses in the communities where we operate.


Warehousing, Inventory, Logistics and Property
Warehousing, Inventory, Logistics and Property designs and operates our inbound supply chain networks for the delivery and warehousing of spare
parts, operating supplies and consumables, and designs and operates our office workspaces globally.


Market Analysis and Economics
Our Market Analysis and Economics team develops BHP’s proprietary view on the outlook for commodity demand and prices, as well as our input
costs, the world economy, climate change and financial markets. The team works with our Procurement, Maritime and Supply Chain Excellence, and
Sales and Marketing sub-functions to help optimise end-to-end commercial value, and with the Portfolio Strategy and Development and External Affairs
functions to identify and respond to long-run strategic changes in our operating environment.


Global Business Services
Global Business Services unites shared services and repeatable process activity across the Group into a single operation. Commencing operation in
FY2022 with the BHP Operating System and with process transformation capabilities at its core, it has the mandate to aggregate, operate and improve
end–to-end processes on behalf of assets and functions to drive operational excellence.

                                                                          34
6   People and culture
Our employees and contractors, around 80,000 globally, are the foundation of our business. We aim to attract, recruit, empower and retain the best
people.

To enable our people to perform at their best, safety is our highest priority and we invest in technology and innovative and effective ways to manage
risk, streamline processes and improve productivity. We offer competitive remuneration and invest in development programs to build capability and
improve performance.


Developing our capabilities and an enabled culture
To drive continuous improvement, we respect people’s differences and encourage self-accountability, a hunger to learn and a commercial mindset.

One of the ways we seek to achieve this is by applying the BHP Operating System (BOS) practices to help build leader capability. BOS is a way of
leading and working that focuses on the safety of our people, value for our customers, setting clear goals and measuring progress and a mindset of zero
waste. In FY2022, we continued to train our leaders through BOS learning academies to improve operational capability and culture, with more than
3,000 people leaders participating.

Three times a year we ask our employees and contractors about their experiences working with BHP via a short Engagement and Perception Survey.
After each survey, our team leaders assess what is working well, what they can learn from others and take action to address improvement areas. Despite
significant absences and workplace disruptions caused by COVID-19, we maintained a high response rate of 82 per cent of employees in March 2022
(81 per cent in February 2021) and achieved a strong engagement score of 82 per cent favourable (84 per cent in February 2021). In particular, 80 per
cent of our employees and 88 per cent of our contractors (from 7,932 responses) would recommend BHP as a great place to work, which places us in the
top third of global organisations as benchmarked by Qualtrics.

In FY2022, we transformed our approach to developing frontline leadership with the launch of BHP Leadership Programs for supervisors,
superintendents and managers. Through a combination of assessment, workshops, experiences and coaching, the suite of programs is designed to
identify and develop leaders and prepare them to take on greater responsibility. We anticipate more than 1,000 leaders each year will develop their
ability through these programs to lead inclusively, ethically and through complexity as they play their critical role to deliver continuous improvement.

Our Operations Services business unit provides maintenance and production services across our Minerals Australia assets. It employs people on a
permanent basis and supports skills building through a structured coaching and in-field training program designed to enable our workforce to deliver
consistent equipment operation and maintenance that balances safety, maximum productivity and equipment reliability. Operations Services had more
than 3,500 employees as at 30 June 2022 and is expected to continue to grow.

To help bolster Australia’s skills base and create new career pathways into the mining sector, the BHP FutureFit Academy located in Perth, Western
Australia and Mackay, Queensland provides a pathway to join Minerals Australia through an accredited maintenance and production traineeship or a
trade apprenticeship. Once trained and qualified, employees move to one of our Australian operations. The FutureFit Academy training includes the
skills required for an increasingly technological and digitised world and focuses on our safety, respectful behaviour, culture and productive ways of
working. This helps FutureFit graduates to be ‘BHP site ready’ when they graduate. In FY2022, the FutureFit Academy trained more than 417
apprentices and trainees, with 175 graduating. In FY2023, the FutureFit Academy is expanding the program to include Western Australia Iron Ore
(WAIO) and Nickel West. New curricula will be offered, including belt splicing, electrical and auto electrical. The belt splicing program will commence
at Newman in August 2022. For more information on BHP’s FutureFit Academy, see our case study at bhp.com/people.

In Minerals Americas, the focus has been on implementing an integrated approach to capability building through defining frameworks and programs for
workforce upskilling and reskilling as we transition into autonomous operations at our operated assets. Early career programs (for graduates and trainees
in roles such as operators, maintainers, supervisors and engineers) are also a key area to build a sustainable base of diverse talent with the required
capabilities. We will also continue building partnerships with training and learning institutions to develop those identified capabilities for the future.

The talent market is dynamic and increasingly competitive. We continue to work on our attraction and retention strategies through strategic workforce
planning, talent acquisition, inclusion and diversity, internal talent management, employee mobility and our total value proposition. We believe we are
strongly and competitively placed in the market and regularly review our positioning and total reward strategies, with culture being our competitive
edge. We have deployed new proactive recruitment methods, including recruitment marketing and talent pooling, strategies for securing critical skills
and made improvements to our recruitment processes to increase speed while maintaining our focus on the suitability of candidates.

                                                                            35
Inclusion and diversity
We believe that an inclusive and diverse workforce promotes safety, productivity and wellbeing, and underpins our ability to attract and retain
employees. Our systems, processes and practices are designed to support fair treatment for our people. Our Inclusion and Diversity Position Statement
confirms our vision, commitment and contributions to inclusion and diversity. We have further work to do to achieve this goal.

Our strategy is to focus on attracting and retaining a workforce that is truly representative of society. We intend to do this by addressing the barriers and
impacts of bias and racism experienced by people within underrepresented groups by listening to their experience combined with insights from our
engagement surveys and the recently deployed self-identification survey, ‘Tell Us About You’. So far, around 10,000 people have confidentially shared
with us information about themselves (a 22 per cent response rate), which is a good starting point and we expect to see participation grow over time. Our
intention is to contrast this data with national/regional census data over time to measure how diverse we are against the general population.

To help mitigate gender pay disparities, we have taken steps to reduce potential bias in remuneration at the time of recruitment and we conduct an
annual gender pay review, the results of which are reported to the BHP Remuneration Committee.

Respect is one of our values under Our Charter and is fundamental to building stronger teams and being an inclusive and diverse workplace. For some
people, this has not been their experience of working at BHP and we are determined to address this.

For information on our approach to addressing workplace sexual harassment refer to OFR 7.5.

Our ambition to achieve a more diverse and inclusive workplace is focused on four areas:
•     embedding flexibility into the way we work
•     encouraging and working with our supply chain partners to support our commitment to inclusion and diversity
•     uncovering and taking steps to mitigate potential bias in our systems, policies and processes, and in behaviours through the Respectful Behaviour
      campaign
•     ensuring our workplaces are safe for and attractive to a diverse range of people


Gender balance1
In CY2016, we announced our aspiration to achieve gender balance within our employee workforce globally by the end of FY2025, which we define as
a minimum 40 per cent women and 40 per cent men in line with the definitions used by entities such as the International Labour Organisation and
HESTA.

We increased the representation of women working at BHP in FY2022 by 2.5 percentage points, with almost 8,000 more female employees at the end of
the year than in 2016. At 30 June 2022, women represented 32.3 per cent of our employee workforce, up from 17.6 per cent when we set our aspirational
goal. We are confident of achieving gender balance by the end of FY2025.

The percentage of employees newly hired to work for BHP in FY2022 was 52.7 per cent male and 47.3 per cent female. This is a marked increase on
our baseline for our aspirational goal, which was 10.4 per cent female hired in FY2015.

We also improved our representation of women in leadership by 2.7 percentage points compared to FY2021, with 27.9 per cent female people leaders at
the end of FY2022.

To further accelerate female representation in FY2022, we:
•     continued market mapping to proactively target people or groups of people not actively looking to work for BHP or our industry
•     implemented a ‘Tell Us About You’ survey, our first self-identification survey to measure the rich diversity of our workforce
•     integrated inclusive leadership capabilities at all levels of our leadership learning curriculum
•     embedded the Ways of Working Framework to guide employees and leaders to ‘Work where you get great outcomes’
•     launched Phase 3 of the Respectful Behaviour campaign to reinforce our zero tolerance of sexual harassment, racism and bullying including global
      ‘Stop for Safety’ sessions for all employees and contractors

1     Based on a ‘point-in-time’ snapshot of employees as at 30 June 2022, including employees on extended absence, as used in internal management
      reporting for the purposes of monitoring progress against our goals. This does not include contractors. People leaders are defined as employees
      with one or more direct report.

                                                                             36
The table below shows the gender composition of our employees, senior leaders and the Board over the last three financial years1,2

                                                                                                                              2022      2021     2020
Female employees                                                                                                              12,674    11,868    9,961
Male employees                                                                                                                26,536    27,953   27,557
Female people leaders                                                                                                          1,695     1,439    1,157
Male people leaders                                                                                                            4,380     4,276    4,002
Female Executive Leadership Team members                                                                                           5         5        4
Male Executive Leadership Team members                                                                                             5         5        6
Female Board members                                                                                                               4         4        3
Male Board members                                                                                                                 8         8        9

1    Based on a ‘point-in-time’ snapshot of employees as at 30 June 2022, as used in internal management reporting for the purposes of monitoring
     progress against our goals. In FY2021 and FY2022 this includes employees on extended absence, 660 at 30 June 2021 and 948 in 2022, who
     previously not included in the active headcount.
2    For FY2022, this does not include employees who left BHP via the merger of BHP Petroleum and Woodside (approximately 1,000 employees) or
     the sale of BHP Mitsui Coal to Stanmore Resources (approximately 500 employees).


Indigenous employment
Indigenous peoples are critical partners of BHP’s operations around the world. We recognise, as part of our Global Indigenous Peoples Strategy, that we
can contribute to the economic empowerment of Indigenous peoples through providing opportunities for employment, training, procurement and by
supporting Indigenous enterprises.

We have set targets to increase Indigenous employment in our Minerals Australia operations, Minerals Americas operations in Chile and our Jansen
Potash Project and operations in Canada.

For information on our 2030 goals related to Indigenous partnerships refer to OFR 7.13.


Indigenous employee representation1

Location                                                                                 Period                 Target (%)             30 June 2022 (%)
Minerals America operations employees in Chile                                  By the end of FY2026                   10.0                          8.7
Minerals Australia operations employees in Australia 2                          By the end of FY2025                    8.0                          8.3
Jansen Potash Project and operation employees in Canada 3                       By the end of FY2027                   20.0                          7.2
1    Point in time data at 30 June 2022.
2    Indigenous employee representation overall in Australia as at 30 June 2022 was 7.4 per cent including Minerals Australia operations, 8.3 per cent
     Indigenous, and non-operational locations, 2.5 per cent Indigenous.
3    Indigenous workforce representation at Potash Jansen Project and operations of 20.7 per cent includes employees, 7.2 per cent Indigenous, and
     contractors, 23.8 per cent Indigenous.

In our Minerals Australia operations, we have achieved the Australian Indigenous employment target of 8 per cent ahead of schedule (8.3 per cent of
employees at 30 June 2022) through significant effort with targeted Indigenous recruitment campaigns, a tailored application process focused on the
cultural needs of applicants and BHP’s commitment to the regional communities where we operate. A key focus in Australia now is the retention and
development of our Indigenous workforce. New targets have been set and engagement strategies are being developed as part of BHP’s next Minerals
Australia Reconciliation Action Plan.

From FY2023 the targets for Indigenous employee representation are 9.7 per cent by the end of FY2027 in our Minerals Australia operations, 10 per
cent by the end of FY2025 in our Minerals Americas operations in Chile and 20 per cent by the end of FY2026 in our Jansen Potash Project and
operations in Canada.

                                                                          37
LGBT+ inclusion
Our LGBT+ ally employee inclusion group, Jasper, established in 2017, is a natural extension of our inclusion and diversity aspirations and reflects our
value of Respect under Our Charter.

Its membership base grew to around 2,000 in FY2022, with eight regional chapters globally.

In FY2022, we continued to close gaps for LGBT+ inclusion, such as releasing guidelines and implementing support for transgender and gender diverse
recruitment, and updated our parental leave policy to be more inclusive by making language more gender neutral and ensuring it applies to birth, long-
term guardianship and adoption aligned to changes in Australia.


Flexible working
Our flexible working has evolved throughout the COVID-19 pandemic and we have embedded a hybrid working model for employees in
non-operational roles, allowing office and home-based working arrangements, while requiring 30 to 50 per cent of work to be based in the office,
depending on the nature of work.

We understand many site-based employees are in roles that cannot be performed remotely. We continue to seek to provide flexible working through
lifestyle-friendly rosters with some sites within WAIO moving away from two weeks on (seven days, seven nights)/one week off rosters to eight days on
(day shift)/six days off then seven days on (night shift)/seven days off rosters. Part-time and job-share arrangements have increased including at senior
levels.


Employee relations
Our four key focus areas for employee relations are:
•     creating relations with our workforce based on a culture of trust and cooperation
•     negotiating where there are requirements to collectively bargain (and recognising the rights of our workforce to collectively bargain)
•     closing out agreements with our workforce in South America and Australia, with no lost time due to industrial action, to the extent possible
•     ensuring we comply with legal obligations and regional labour regulations

In Australia, we are monitoring potential industrial relations legislative reform after the Government indicated an intention to introduce draft legislation
during CY2022 that could have a material impact on our cost of labour and industrial landscape and negatively impact productivity.

Minerals Australia participated in five collective bargaining processes during FY2022:
•     BHP Iron Ore Pty Ltd commenced bargaining in January 2022 for the BHPIO Locomotive Drivers Agreement 2022, which is ongoing.
•     OS MCAP Pty Ltd recommenced bargaining in December 2022 for the Operations Services Production Agreement 2018, which is ongoing.
•     OS ACPM Pty Ltd recommenced bargaining in December 2022 for the Operations Services Maintenance Agreement 2018, which is ongoing.
•     BHP Coal Pty Ltd commenced bargaining in February 2021 for the BMA Enterprise Agreement 2021, which is ongoing.
•     BM Alliance Coal Operations Pty Ltd commenced bargaining in June 2022 for the BMACO Broadmeadow Mine Agreement 2022, which is
      ongoing.

                                                                             38
Minerals Americas participated in two collective bargaining processes during FY2022:
•     Escondida: O&M union N°1 of 2,333 employees signed in August 2021 for 36 months.
•     Cerro Colorado: O&M union N°1 of 705 employees signed in September 2021 for 36 months.

Negotiations to renew the collective agreements with BHP Chile’s Specialists & Supervisors Union (150 employees) and Escondida’s Intermel Union
(140 employees) are expected to be completed in FY2023.

There were no legal industrial actions or strikes at Minerals Americas operated assets, Minerals Australia operated assets or our Jansen Potash Project
and operations in Canada in FY2022.


Impacts and challenges from COVID-19 related to our people
The rising numbers of COVID-19 cases and measures taken by governments within Australia and Chile to control its spread in FY2022 resulted in
continued changes to working patterns for our employees and contractors and unplanned absences. As a result of the COVID-19 restrictions, we
implemented controls across our business to reduce the number of workers required onsite and manage planned and unplanned absences, such as
temporary remote working arrangements, increased health and safety requirements, asset-based vaccination campaigns, self-testing and office-testing
campaigns and hybrid working. In Australia we also introduced vaccination against COVID-19 as a site access requirement after consultation with
employees and unions. In Canada, all employees are required to remain fully vaccinated against COVID-19 to perform work at site including a third
booster shot.

With state border closures restricting the mobilisation of employees and contractors to our operating sites in Australia at times during FY2022, changes
to rosters and hours of work were made to ensure operational requirements for essential work were met. There has also been a further extension of
flexible work options for employees and contractors in Australia in response to government-imposed lockdowns preventing them from attending their
normal place of work. Flexible work options, including staggered start times, working from home and adapted working hours were in place across many
of our office settings.

For information on the impact of COVID-19 on our workforce refer to OFR 7.6.

More information on people is available at bhp.com/people.

                                                                           39
7     Sustainability
7.1    Our sustainability approach
Our commitment to social value reflects our purpose and BHP’s role in supplying products essential for the transition of society towards a more
sustainable future, a role that we seek to perform in a responsible way.

Our management of sustainability helps generate social value. We also know our stakeholders and partners are increasingly focused on our sustainability
performance and use it as a key determinant in assessing BHP and our industry. We strive to continuously improve and exceed these expectations.

A commitment to sustainability sometimes requires us to make difficult choices and we seek to gain and maintain the support of all our stakeholders and
partners as we manage complex issues. We respect the right of every stakeholder and partner to challenge the choices we make and recognise that by
listening to their views and concerns BHP becomes a better company.

We define our approach to sustainability through Our Charter and it is governed through the Our Requirements standards. These standards describe our
mandatory minimum performance requirements and provide the foundation to develop and implement management systems at our operated assets.

Our approach to sustainability is overseen by BHP’s Board. The Board’s Sustainability Committee advises and assists the Board in its oversight of the
Group’s health, safety, environmental and community (HSEC) matters. For more information about the Sustainability Committee and its work refer to
the Corporate Governance Statement.


Sustainability targets and goals
We set clear direction through our social value framework and we embed and measure sustainability performance through our public sustainability
targets and goals. We completed our most recent five-year sustainability targets in FY2022. For more information on our performance against these
targets refer to OFR 7.3.

This year we developed new 2030 goals under the pillars of People, Planet and Prosperity in line with the World Economic Forum and the United
Nations (UN) Development Program, following extensive internal and external engagement (refer to OFR 2.2). The 2030 goals comprise overarching
long-term goals across six key focus areas and are underpinned by short-term metrics and milestones. We are working to embed them through asset
plans and capital allocation.

The key changes compared to the previous five-year sustainability targets include a new time horizon of seven years to align with BHP’s 2030 climate
change targets and goals and reference timelines set out in global frameworks and agreements, such as the UN Sustainable Development Goals, the Paris
Agreement, the Convention of Biological Diversity and the Global Goal for Nature. The goals provide opportunities for BHP to engage and work in
partnership with others, build capability and co-design approaches to deliver positive outcomes and shared prosperity for people and our planet. They
are reinforced by our continued commitment to pursue zero significant health, safety, environment, community or supply chain events and to making a
social investment of at least 1 per cent pre-tax profit1.


Equitable change and transitions
We recognise that changes in our business, ranging from the opening to the closing of a mine, can have significant, and sometimes disproportionate,
effects on communities where we operate. We also recognise that these same communities are navigating broader shifts in the global economy, such as
the energy transition and digital disruption, and that the scope and nature of these transitions will continue to evolve.

We are committed to working with communities we are a part of in periods of change and transition to achieve long-term mutual value.

Our approach will be grounded in our existing strategies, policies and frameworks in relation to our people, the environment, communities and other
stakeholders and partners. The interconnection of these policies and frameworks2 aims to ensure change and transitions are equitable and deliberately
considered across the life cycle of our business and for the communities where we operate.

1      To date, our voluntary social investment has been calculated as 1 per cent of the average of the previous three years’ pre-tax profit. For FY2023–
       FY2030, our social investment will be assessed as a total over the seven-year goals period to FY2030, rather than calculated as an average of the
       previous three years’ pre-tax profit.
2      These include our Indigenous Peoples Framework, Social Value Framework, Inclusion and Diversity Statement, Climate Change Strategy,
       approach to the environment, Closure Strategy, Human Rights Policy Statement, and approach to community engagement.

                                                                            40
Our approach to equitable change and transitions will:
•     Recognise our responsibility to our workforce – where a major change in our business is expected to affect our workforce, we will engage in
      meaningful dialogue and support those impacted.
•     Create opportunity for meaningful engagement and co-designed processes – we will seek to develop relationships with stakeholders and partners,
      including government, local businesses, community members, suppliers, Indigenous peoples and workers, that support understanding of the issues
      and co-creation of solutions. We will communicate transparently on the types of changes the business needs to make and enable active
      participation of those most impacted.
•     Recognise the impacts associated with gender, land connectedness and social and economic vulnerability – we will not assume all people are
      affected similarly. We will seek to understand how impacts may be differently experienced, including for Indigenous peoples, and recognise that
      plans and solutions must take into account the particular strengths of each community and tackle the unique impacts they experience.
•     Recognise that the economic, social and environmental dimensions of sustainable development are interrelated – we will aim to avoid or mitigate
      adverse environmental impacts of change and transitions, while pursuing opportunities to build climate resilience and environmentally sustainable
      communities.

Given change and transitions will involve multiple actors, we will seek to be a catalyst to bring people together and use our relationships to advocate for
equitable change and transitions in line with the above principles.


Reporting standards and frameworks
We commit to many sustainability frameworks, standards and initiatives and disclose data according to their requirements. Our sustainability reporting,
including on our website and in our ESG Standards and Databook, is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 2021
Sustainability Reporting Standards, the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) Sustainable Development Framework, the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Metals and Mining
standard. It also serves as our UN Global Compact (UNGC) Communication on Progress on implementation of the UNGC Ten Principles and support
for its broader development objectives. We have included a summary of our TCFD disclosures in the table below.

There are also responsible mining and sourcing standards that we commit to voluntarily or as part of our memberships. For more information about our
implementation of these standards refer to OFR 7.9 Value chain sustainability.

Our sustainability approach – TCFD index1,2




1     Our sustainability standards index is included in our ESG Standards and Databook, available at bhp.com/sustainability.
2     Certain information has been omitted from this report for the purposes of US reporting.

                                                                            41
7.2   Our material sustainability issues
Annual sustainability materiality assessment
Each year we identify the sustainability issues most material to our business and stakeholders by assessing the economic, social, environmental and
cultural impact of our activities and business relationships.

In FY2022, we adopted the approach of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI 3: Material Topics 2021) to consider actual and potential negative and
positive impacts of our business in order to determine our material sustainability issues for reporting. In doing so we considered BHP’s material risk
profile,1 information recorded in our internal event management system, our social value framework and social investment priorities and a number of
other sources. These included issues raised at our Annual General Meetings and through industry sustainability standards and benchmark assessments.
We also consult with stakeholders, such as through the BHP Forum on Corporate Responsibility, via ESG investor round tables and advisory groups and
with internal stakeholders via focused discussions.

The material sustainability issues identified through our FY2022 assessment are shown in the table below. These issues are consistent with our FY2021
assessment with the addition of security services, sexual harassment and value chain sustainability.




1     ‘Material’ in this context refers to the materiality of a risk under BHP’s Risk Framework. For information on our Risk Framework refer to OFR 9.

                                                                           42
7.3   Our sustainability performance: Non-financial key performance indicators
We completed our most recent five-year sustainability targets in FY2022. Highlights include three years fatality-free, a reduction in the total number of
workers exposed to our most material occupational exposures by 68 per cent, social investment of US$681.4 million over five years and a 29 per cent
reduction in freshwater withdrawal volumes from our adjusted FY2017 baseline.

The FY2017 baselines and FY2018 – FY2022 data for our occupational exposures, GHG emissions and withdrawal of freshwater have been adjusted for
the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside and divestment of our interest in BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) in FY2022 (to exclude data related to
those operations), together with adjustments made and reported in previous years to ensure ongoing comparability of performance. FY2022 data for
safety, social investment and significant community and environmental events includes the operated assets in our Petroleum business up to the date of
the merger (1 June 2022) and BMC up to the date of completion of the sale (3 May 2022).

                       Target                                 FY2022 result                      Year-on-year
                       Zero work-related fatalities           Zero work-related fatalities and   FY20181                                              2
                                                              there was a 30 per cent decrease   FY20192                                              1
                                                              in the high-potential injury       FY2020                                               0
                                                              frequency rate from FY2021.        FY2021                                               0
                                                              High-potential injury trends       FY20223                                              0
                                                              remain a primary focus to assess
                                                              progress against our most
                                                              important safety objective,
                                                              eliminating fatalities.
                       Year-on-year improvement of            An increase in total recordable    FY20181                                            4.4
                       total recordable injury frequency      injury frequency (TRIF) of 8 per   FY20192                                            4.7
                       (TRIF)4 per million hours              cent from FY2021. This shift       FY2020                                             4.2
  People
                       worked                                 was influenced by COVID-19         FY2021                                             3.7
                                                              through an 8 per cent reduction    FY20223                                            4.0
                                                              in hours worked between the
                                                              first and second halves of
                                                              FY2022. TRIF has decreased by
                                                              9 per cent since FY2018.
                       50 per cent reduction in the           We exceeded our target by          Adjusted FY2017 baseline6                       4,176
                       number of workers potentially          reducing the total number of       FY20186                                         2,803
                       exposed5 to our most material          workers potentially exposed to     FY20196                                         2,160
                       exposures of diesel particulate        our most material exposures by     FY20206                                         1,683
                       matter, respirable silica and coal     68 per cent compared to our        FY20216,7                                       1,372
                       mine dust compared to our              adjusted FY2017 baseline.6         FY20226                                         1,333
                       FY20176 baseline by FY2022
                       Zero significant community             No significant community events    FY2018                                             0
                       events8                                resulting from BHP operated        FY2019                                             0
                                                              activities were recorded in        FY2020                                             0
                                                              FY2022                             FY2021                                             0
                                                                                                 FY20223                                            0
                       Not less than 1 per cent of            Social investment of US$681.4      FY20181                              US$77.1 million
                       pre-tax profits9 invested in           million over five years            FY201911                             US$93.5 million
                       community programs that                                                   FY2020                              US$149.6 million
                       contribute to the quality of life in                                      FY2021                              US$174.8 million
                       the communities where we                                                  FY20223                             US$186.4 million
  Society              operate and support the
                       achievement of the UN
                       Sustainable Development
                       Goals10
                       By FY2022, implement our               Regional Indigenous People Plans
                       Indigenous Peoples Strategy            have been implemented across
                       across all our operated                Australia (Reconciliation Action
                       assets through                         Plan (RAP)) and North and South
                       the development of                     America
                       Regional Indigenous Peoples
                       Plans

                                                                             43
                        Zero significant environmental      No significant environmental       FY2018                                               0
                        events8                             events resulting from BHP          FY2019                                               0
                                                            operated activities were recorded  FY2020                                               0
                                                            in FY2022                          FY2021                                               0
                                                                                               FY20223                                              0
                        Reduce FY2022 withdrawal of         Exceeded our target, with a 29 per Adjusted FY2017 baseline13                 152,249 ML
                        freshwater12 by 15 per cent from    cent reduction in freshwater       FY201813                                   133,265 ML
                        FY2017 levels                       withdrawal volumes compared to FY201913                                       149,237 ML
                                                            our adjusted FY2017 baseline13     FY202013                                   122,331 ML
                                                                                               FY202113                                   108,440 ML
                                                                                               FY202213                                   107,398 ML
                        By FY2022, improve marine and       Biodiversity framework was         Year-on-year progress on development of framework
                        terrestrial biodiversity outcomes   developed with the support of      to evaluate and verify the benefits of our actions
     Environment        by:                                 Conservation International and
                                                            Proteus, a cross-sector            The total land set aside for conservation on land on
                        •   developing a framework to
                                                            partnership between the UN         which we operate and other land we steward was
                            evaluate and verify the
                                                            Environment Programme World        65,870 hectares in FY2022. In addition to these
                            benefits of our actions, in
                                                            Conservation Monitoring Centre conservation areas, we made several voluntary
                            collaboration with others
                                                            (UNEP WCMC) and business           investments over the target period, of which an area
                        •   contributing to the                                                of 4,465,260 hectares contributed to achievement of
                            management of areas of          ‘Area conserved’ target has been the ‘area conserved’ target.
                            national or international       met by our operational and
                            conservation significance       voluntary conservation
                            exceeding our disturbed land    investments over the target
                            footprint (‘area conserved’     period, given BHP’s FY2022
                            target)                         total disturbed land footprint was
                                                            149,312 hectares.

1      FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets).
2      FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations.
3      FY2022 data includes the operated assets in our Petroleum business up to the date of the merger with Woodside (1 June 2022) and BMC up to the
       date of completion of the sale (3 May 2022).
4      The sum of (fatalities + lost-time cases + restricted work cases + medical treatment cases) multiplied by 1 million/actual hours worked by our
       employees and contractors. Stated in units of per million hours worked. We adopt the US Government’s Occupational Safety and Health
       Administration Guidelines for the recording and reporting of occupational injuries and illnesses.
5      For exposures exceeding our FY2017 baseline occupational exposure limits, without considering protection afforded by the use of personal
       protective equipment (where required). The baseline exposure profile (as at 30 June 2017) is derived through a combination of quantitative
       exposure measurements and qualitative assessments undertaken by specialist occupational hygienists consistent with best practice as defined by
       the American Industrial Hygiene Association.
6      The FY2017 baseline has been adjusted for Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets and Petroleum) and the divestment of BMC. These
       adjustments have also been applied to FY2018-FY2022 emissions stated in this table to aid comparability.
7      As of FY2021, the Occupational Exposure Limit for Coal was reduced to 1.5 mg/m3 compared to 2.0 mg/m3 in previous years.
8      A significant event resulting from BHP operated activities is one with an actual severity rating of four or above, based on our internal severity
       rating scale (tiered from one to five by increasing severity) as defined in our mandatory minimum performance requirements for risk management.
9      To date, our voluntary social investment has been calculated as 1 per cent of the average of the previous three years’ pre-tax profit. For FY2023–
       FY2030, our social investment will be assessed as a total over the seven-year goals period to FY2030, rather than calculated as an average of the
       previous three years’ pre-tax profit.
10     Expenditure includes BHP’s equity share for operated and non-operated joint ventures, and comprises cash, administrative costs, including costs to
       facilitate the operation of the BHP Foundation.
11     FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018 and Continuing operations.
12     ‘Withdrawal’ is defined as water withdrawn and intended for use (in accordance with ‘Water Reporting Good Practice Guide’, ICMM (2021)).
       ‘Fresh water’ is defined as waters other than seawater, wastewater from third parties and hypersaline groundwater. Freshwater withdrawal also
       excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses. These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the
       use of freshwater sources subject to competition from other users or the environment.
13     The FY2017 baseline has been adjusted to account for: the materiality of the strike affecting water withdrawals at Escondida in FY2017 and
       improvements to water balance methodologies at WAIO and BMA, exclusion of hypersaline, wastewater, entrainment, supplies from desalination
       and removal of data for Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets, Petroleum) and BMC. These adjustments have also been applied to FY2018-
       FY2022 freshwater withdrawal stated in this table to aid comparability.

                                                                            44
7.4   Safety
Our highest priority is the safety of our workforce and the communities where we operate.


Our safety performance
In FY2022, we recorded:
•     no fatalities at BHP
•     a decrease of 30 per cent in the high-potential injury frequency rate from FY2021. The highest number of events with potential for one or more
      fatalities was related to vehicle and mobile equipment accidents. High-potential injury trends remain a primary focus to assess progress against our
      most important safety objective, eliminating fatalities
•     an increase in total recordable injury frequency (TRIF) of 8 per cent from FY2021. This shift was influenced by COVID-19 through an 8 per cent
      reduction in hours worked between the first and second halves of FY2022. TRIF has decreased by 9 per cent since FY2018. The highest number
      of injuries was related to slips, trips and falls for both employees and contractors
•     a consistent application of field leadership activities, which occurred at a sustainable frequency rate of 9,341 activities per million hours worked
      with over 1,517,117 activities completed and more than 68,000 employees and contractors participating in the program at least once. Scheduled
      activities compared to non-scheduled activities increased by 46 per cent from FY2021 and coaching increased by 6 per cent
•     one safety fine at our operated assets


Performance data – workforce health and safety for FY20221
High-potential injuries2

Year ended 30 June                                                                                                       2022           2021           2020
High-potential injuries                                                                                                    23             33             42

                                                                                                                           Employees            Contractors
High-potential injury frequency 3                                                                                               0.03                   0.03


Total recordable injury frequency

Year ended 30 June                                                                                                       2022           2021           2020
Total recordable injury frequency 4                                                                                        4.0            3.7            4.2

                                                                                                                           Employees            Contractors
Total recordable injury frequency 3                                                                                             0.77                   0.82

1     Data includes BMC up to the date of completion of the sale (3 May 2022) and operated assets in our Petroleum business up to the date of the
      merger with Woodside (1 June 2022)
2     High-potential injury includes injuries with fatality potential. The basis of calculation was revised in FY2020 from event count to injury count as
      part of a safety reporting methodology improvement.
3     Employee and contractor frequency per 200,000 hours worked.
4     Combined employee and contractor frequency per 1 million hours worked.

                                                                             45
Our results were achieved through a sustained focus on improving our management of risk, including through new and existing programs such as:
•     Fatality Elimination Program
•     Integrated Contractor Management Program
•     Field Leadership Program


Fatality Elimination Program
In FY2022, we continued our Fatality Elimination Program (FEL) towards our goal of no fatalities across our business.

Fatality elimination is not a new priority for us. We have been seeking to improve our safety performance for many years and have considerably reduced
high-potential injuries. However, there continues to be more to do to systematise a common set of controls.

In FY2022 we:
•     developed five-year fatality elimination roadmap guidelines, including the recommended sequencing of strengthened controls based on effort, cost
      and near miss reduction impact
•     updated the Our Requirements for Safety standard to reflect FEL deliverables
•     created the ‘Control Shift’ methodology for assets to replicate FEL processes for specific risks not considered within our top 10 risks (i.e. vehicle
      and mobile equipment, dropped object, electrical, lifting, geotechnical failure, entanglement/crushing, energy release, loss of containment,
      fire/explosion, fall from height)
•     created an online dashboard to enhance local implementation plans, providing global visibility of challenges, similarities and differences, thereby
      assisting assets with their implementation
•     published technical bulletins related to FEL controls to provide detailed implementation guidance based on site experience and lessons learnt
•     undertook a human performance benchmarking study to identify the latest developments and best practices in the field of human behaviour


Integrated Contractor Management Program
Our Integrated Contractor Management Program is designed to make it safer and easier for contractors to work with us. Introduced in FY2020, the
program is focused on building long-term mutually beneficial relationships, integrating and simplifying processes and systems, and creating an
inclusive, respectful and caring workforce culture. Since its introduction, the program has standardised roles and responsibilities of contract owners and
promoted improved partnerships with BHP service providers through the implementation of the Our Requirements for Contractor Management standard
for existing and new onsite service contracts.

In FY2022 we:
•     developed the scope of work library as an online resource containing best practice examples for different types of contractor engagements
•     created contract execution plans as a means of applying the Our Requirements for Contractor Management standard
•     established an integration stream ensuring enhancements are holistic and cover functional interactions
•     undertook assurance and audit activities across BHP including contractor engagements
•     implemented a contractor perception survey that runs in parallel with our internal survey. The survey highlighted some results on the experience of
      our contractor workforce consistent with the internal survey and other areas of focus
•     determined organisational design changes to improve contract ownership and management practices
•     commenced deployment of a technology solution which supports an enterprise-wide approach to contractor on-boarding and management


Field Leadership Program
Leaders spending time in the field is vital to maintaining safe operations. Our global Field Leadership Program encourages the workforce to provide
feedback to their leaders about safety to reinforce an interdependent culture of safety. It involves leaders engaging with workers in the field to drive a
common approach to improving health, safety and environment (HSE) performance. The program helps verify that critical safety controls are in place,
being applied and are effective in managing risks that have the potential to result in fatalities.

In FY2022 we:
•     enhanced the efficiency and effectiveness of supervisor time in the field by integrating the BHP Operating System (BOS) process confirmation
      and field leadership planned task observation processes into a planned task confirmation
•     continued to improve the quality of field leadership activities by increasing coaching and delivery of field leadership engagements
•     conducted field leadership activities to support the verification of risks that have the potential to result in fatalities across our operated assets
•     embedded the global, standardised field leadership procedure designed to increase the effectiveness of field leadership activities across the
      business
•     conducted field leadership on COVID-19 controls, designed to sustain effectiveness within the changing environment

More information on safety is available at bhp.com/safety.

                                                                               46
7.5   Sexual harassment
Sexual harassment1 is not acceptable and is contrary to our values. Our position on this is clear and aligned to our aspiration of a gender-balanced
employee workforce by FY2025. Gender balance in every team and at every level is an important part of our approach to eliminate sexual harassment.

The Australian Human Rights Commission’s most recent national survey on sexual harassment in Australian workplaces has found that 71 per cent of
Australians have been sexually harassed in their lifetimes and 39 per cent of Australian women experienced sexual harassment in the workplace in the
five years to 2018. The same survey concluded that in the mining industry an estimated 74 per cent of women and 32 per cent of men had experienced
workplace sexual harassment in the past five years. Back in 2018, we accepted those findings as true for our industry and for BHP globally, and we have
focused on understanding why the behaviours exist, and what we needed to do to urgently address them at BHP.

We are deeply sorry and apologise unreservedly to those who have experienced, or continue to experience, any form of sexual harassment anywhere at
BHP. We recognise the harmful impacts on individuals resulting from these behaviours.

We understand that it can be difficult for people to come forward to report sexual harassment and thank all of those who have, for their courage in doing
so. We are also grateful to our employees and other stakeholders for their insights and suggestions for changes in our workplaces. Their feedback
informs our approach. We are determined to make continued progress in eliminating sexual harassment and in ensuring our workplaces are safe and
inclusive for everyone.


Our approach to prevent sexual harassment
In 2018, we defined sexual harassment as a health and safety risk, to be overseen in the same way as other occupational health and safety risks. This
approach provides the right framework for addressing these behaviours, allowing us to apply a systematic, risk-based approach to evaluating and
managing the risks. Our approach includes conducting risk assessments to identify scenarios in which sexual harassment risks may arise, their causes
and the controls we can implement to prevent them and reduce harm.

As part of our risk assessment processes, we engaged members of our workforce with experience at site and accommodation villages, and experts in
health and safety, harassment and inclusion and diversity. Through this, we identified factors that can contribute to the risk of workplace sexual
harassment that are more pronounced in the mining industry, as well as factors that are common across all industries and workplaces. Examples of risks
that can be more pronounced in the mining industry include isolated or remote working locations, a largely male-dominated workforce and
accommodation villages.

Taking these into account, we identified and developed controls and actions to help prevent sexual harassment and reduce its harmful impacts. Our core
controls and areas for action are culture, leadership and training; security measures at accommodation villages; recruitment processes; contractor and
third-party engagement; emergency response; trauma-informed (wellbeing) care; accessible, confidential reporting and person-centred investigations;
and appropriate disciplinary action.


Reports of sexual harassment
The reporting rate of sexual harassment at BHP has increased in recent years. We believe this reflects the actions we have taken to increase awareness
and promote and centralise reporting and investigations, along with broader societal developments and intolerance of this behaviour. Since October
2020, BHP managers and leaders have been required to enter any serious conduct issues raised directly with them, including sexual harassment, into
EthicsPoint2 (anonymously if requested). This year, 47 per cent of reports received into EthicsPoint have been logged by managers or leaders in
accordance with this policy.

During FY2022, across BHP’s global operations and offices, 103 reported and investigated cases of conduct of sexual harassment were substantiated.3

Of the 103 substantiated cases:
•     37 involved non-consensual kissing or touching of a sexual nature, which includes a broad range of behaviour of varying severity. None of these
      cases involved non-consensual penetration or intercourse, however we recognise that this conduct can occur and has occurred in the past
•     66 involved other forms of sexual harassment, including inappropriate comments of a sexual nature, unwelcome gestures or comments, sending
      inappropriate text messages or images, or other unwanted advances or invitations
•     Of these 103 substantiated cases, in 101 cases the individual responsible has had their employment terminated (or they have been removed from
      site if a contractor), they have resigned or are otherwise no longer working at BHP.

1     ‘Sexual harassment’ is, as defined in the Respect@Work report, an unwelcome sexual advance, unwelcome request for sexual favours or other
      unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature, which makes a person feel offended, humiliated and/or intimidated, where a reasonable person would
      anticipate that reaction in the circumstances. Sexual harassment encompasses a range of conduct including displaying sexually graphic images,
      sexually suggestive comments, suggestive or inappropriate looks, gestures or staring, non-consensual touching or acts of a sexual nature and
      sexual assault.
2     EthicsPoint is our confidential reporting tool. It is accessible to all, including external stakeholders and the public, to report conduct that may be
      unethical, illegal or inconsistent with Our Code of Conduct.
3     This does not include investigations that are currently in progress.

                                                                              47
In addition to the matters listed above, in FY2022 87 reports of sexual harassment went through Alternative Resolution Options (AROs). AROs are
alternative forms of response and resolution other than investigations, including supported conversations with respondents, additional training,
monitoring or awareness raising on BHP’s expectations of respectful behaviours in the workplace. This process only occurs where an ARO is
proportionate to the nature of the conduct and with the agreement of the impacted person.

We continue to work with external experts on how best to respond to cases to ensure we have a proportionate approach to reports. We will continue to
monitor and review the use of AROs to ensure it is meeting the needs of impacted people where it is used and to improve reporting to support
organisational learnings.

We will continue to encourage reporting and we are committed to taking action. We put the needs of anyone impacted by this behaviour at the forefront
of our processes and we are committed to validating, caring for and supporting anyone in our business who is affected by this behaviour. This includes
internal practical and wellbeing support mechanisms, support through our tailored Employee Assistance Program and options to access trauma-specific
clinical and non-clinical care with experienced clinicians.

We are committed to working closely with our people, others in industry and other stakeholders to implement the necessary processes and systems
designed to ensure our workplaces are safe and inclusive for everyone.


Actions we are taking
Oversight
In FY2022, a Project Management Office (PMO) was established through the office of the CEO to provide central governance over all sexual
harassment work. The priority focus areas of that work include driving progress toward gender balance, creating a safe and respectful workplace,
building accountability and capability of leaders, upskilling our workforce to be ‘active bystanders’, enhancing our policies, processes and controls, and
providing person-centred and trauma-informed response and support. The PMO reports on progress against implementation of our critical controls and
other key focus areas that underpin our overarching sexual harassment prevention strategy to senior management and the Board.


Security and physical infrastructure
We have continued to invest in security programs and physical infrastructure designed to prevent and respond to sexual harassment at our
accommodation facilities. Our minimum security requirements for all BHP owned and operated accommodation villages include requirements for access
controls, village policies and procedures to manage respectful behaviours, CCTV, lighting, security signage, room allocation procedures, security
personnel and incident response.


Reporting and response
We encourage our workforce to report concerns, including providing centralised and confidential reporting tools and mandatory reporting requirements
for line leaders. We do not tolerate any form of retaliation for raising a concern and we address these actions if they occur. We ceased using
non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) or imposing confidentiality obligations on complainants in settlement agreements relating to sexual harassment in
March 2019 and we do not enforce any NDAs or confidentiality obligations on complainants in historical agreements.

Investigation of reports of sexual harassment are conducted by our specialised Central Investigation team, which is independent of our other business
units. This team includes experts trained in a person-centred, trauma-informed approach to ensure that the impacted person is placed at the centre of all
decisions made during the investigation process and to minimise the risk of further harm to that individual.

We established our global Support Service in FY2022, to provide dedicated, end-to-end case coordination for anyone impacted by sexual harassment,
designed to ensure they obtain appropriate support and information. The Support Service can also provide resolution options when an investigation is
not wanted by the impacted person or cannot proceed.


Communication of expectations
Our position on sexual harassment has been reinforced through regular senior leadership communications. These include messages from our CEO,
on-site signage regarding our expectations and avenues for support, and we have provided sexual harassment prevention training to BHP line leaders,
aimed at setting clear expectations about appropriate conduct and driving consistent disciplinary outcomes. Across June and July 2022, we held Safety
Stops specifically focused on sexual harassment, racism and bullying for our teams globally. The stops were intended to build awareness, understanding,
and capability, as well as to reinforce expectations within our teams.

                                                                            48
Alcohol use
As part of our commitment to health and safety, all workplaces should be free from the use of alcohol and illegal drugs, and the misuse of other
substances, in accordance with Our Code of Conduct. All those who attend a BHP site, including employees, are expected to be alcohol and drug free,
and may be asked to undergo random alcohol and drug testing. We also provide support for those who need it to address an alcohol or drug dependency.

For accommodation villages, our Minerals Australia Alcohol Management Standard was implemented across our owned and operated village facilities
from 1 July 2021. It includes a range of limits on alcohol consumption. Residents and visitors who breach the standard may be subject to action,
including removal of access to the village for a resident or visitor, or disciplinary action for employees. Since the introduction of the standard, our
reviews have indicated that there has been a reduction in alcohol consumption and residents are making healthier choices, with an increase in the use of
recreational facilities. Alcohol is not permitted at our accommodation villages in Chile and Canada.


Listening to employees, measuring progress and assigning accountability
We have channels through which the Board and senior leaders receive information on workplace culture and conduct. These include anonymous
employee and contractor perception surveys and our Field Leadership Program. Our perception surveys are conducted three times per year and were
redesigned in FY2021 to include more targeted questions to provide leaders with greater insight into key safety and engagement metrics, which we have
identified as critical foundations for our culture. Executive leadership and Group-wide performance criteria are linked to remuneration that includes
progress towards greater inclusion, diversity and gender representation. In FY2022, we introduced key performance indicators for our Executive
Leadership Team and other BHP employees that linked remuneration outcomes to progress against our program of work to address sexual harassment.
This includes implementation of controls in line with BHP’s sexual harassment risk assessments.


Engaging with and learning from others
We continue to measure and test our focus and areas for action. In FY2022 we:
•     engaged and learnt from external experts who reviewed the controls we have in place and advised on best practice in preventing sexual
      harassment, and minimising further harm when responding to sexual harassment
•     engaged Kristen Hilton (former Victorian Equal Opportunity and Human Rights Commissioner) to provide expert guidance on our prevention and
      response framework
•     conducted a sexual harassment audit across Minerals Americas further to the FY2021 sexual harassment audit conducted across Minerals Australia
•     contributed to knowledge sharing with other industry participants in relation to addressing sexual harassment, and considered broader learnings
      from external reports such as the Australian Human Rights Commission’s Respect@Work: Sexual Harassment National Inquiry Report and the
      Report into Workplace Culture at Rio Tinto by Elizabeth Broderick & Co
•     worked with our contracting and supplier organisations to address sexual harassment, including collaboration on response protocols, joint training
      sessions and knowledge sharing
•     undertook a series of listening workshops

Through these initiatives we identified a need for further focus on preventative controls, particularly with respect to culture and behaviours. This is in
addition to the controls already in place or committed for implementation in FY2022 which included security, accommodation standards, alcohol
measures, recruitment and discipline.

We are committed to working with others in the industry and beyond to address sexual harassment risks. BHP is a member of the Minerals Council of
Australia Respect@Work Taskforce and the Chamber of Minerals & Energy WA Safe and Respectful Behaviours Working Group. Both groups aim to
build industry capability and capacity though sharing knowledge and developing shared resources.

In FY2022, we participated in Western Australia’s parliamentary inquiry into sexual harassment against women in the FIFO mining industry (WA
Inquiry), including through a detailed written submission in August 2021 (available at parliament.wa.gov.au). BHP welcomes the final report titled
‘Enough is enough’ released on 23 June 2022. We acknowledge the significant work of the parliamentary committee and in particular, the many people
who shared their stories and experiences as part of the inquiry process.


Continuing to make progress
While we have made progress, there is still much more to do. Our focus in FY2023 will be to continue:
•     focusing on increasing female leader representation across our operations
•     continuous improvement across our suite of controls
•     engaging with our people, encouraging and empowering them to take action as active bystanders and enhance capability
•     encouraging increased reporting
•     enhancing our approach to supporting impacted persons to thrive at BHP and have successful careers with us

                                                                             49
7.6 Health
We are committed to protecting the health and wellbeing of our workforce.

We set clear mandatory minimum performance standards to identify, assess and manage health risks and their potential impacts and monitor the health
of our workforce.


Occupational illness
The reported occurrence of occupational illness1 for employees in FY2022 was 265, which was 3.89 per million hours worked, representing a decrease
in incidence compared to FY2021, which was 4.36 per million hours worked.




For our contractor workforce, the reported occupational illness1 in FY2022 was 151, which was 1.61 per million hours worked, representing a decrease
in incidence compared to FY2021 which was 1.87 per million hours worked. Due to regulatory regimes and limited access to data, we do not have full
oversight of the incidence of contractor noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) cases.

1    An illness that occurs as a consequence of work-related activities or exposure.

                                                                            50
Musculoskeletal illness is the predominant occupational illness category representing 65 per cent of our workforce illnesses. These are conditions
impacting the musculoskeletal system and connective tissues caused by repetitive work-related stress or strain or exposure over time. Musculoskeletal
illness does not include disorders caused by slips, trips, falls or similar incidents.

Noise-induced hearing loss contributes to the second highest illness category representing 10 per cent of illnesses. Where workers are exposed to noise
above acceptable levels, workers are placed in hearing conservation programs, which include a periodic hearing test and hearing protection fit testing.
Through our Sustainability in Design program, we have also established design recommendations that seek to eliminate or reduce high or prolonged
noise exposures. Other illness categories include skin diseases, temperature-related illnesses, mental illness, bites, stings and other unspecified illnesses.

Our occupational illness data excludes cases of COVID-19 among our employees and contractors. In settings of high levels of community transmission
and with an evolving understanding of the epidemiological criteria for infection and COVID-19 variants with evidence of increased transmission, it is
difficult to conclude, with reasonable certainty, that a person was infected because of work-related activities or exposure. For information on our
response to COVID-19 refer to ‘COVID-19’ further in 7.6.


Occupational exposures
Occupational exposure limits (OELs) for our most material exposures are set according to the latest scientific evidence, which for a number of agents,
such as diesel particulate matter (DPM), resulted in lower limits than the applicable regulatory requirements. Where exposures potentially exceed
regulatory limits or our stricter limits, respiratory protective equipment is required.

For our most material exposures of DPM, silica and coal mine dust, we had a five-year target to achieve, by the end of FY2022, a 50 per cent reduction
in the number of workers potentially exposed1 as compared to our 30 June 2017 baseline exposure profile.1,2,3 Exposure data in this Report in all cases is
presented without considering protection afforded by the use of personal protective equipment (where required).

1     For exposures exceeding our FY2017 occupational exposure limits, without considering protection afforded by the use of personal protective
      equipment (where required).

                                                                              51
We are pleased to have achieved our target by reducing the total number of workers potentially exposed to our most material exposures by 68 per cent.
That achievement at the end of FY2022 in number of workers potentially exposed to levels exceeding our OELs include; no workers potentially exposed
to coal mine dust 78 per cent reduction in the number of workers potentially exposed to DPM4 and a 61 per cent reduction in the number of workers
potentially exposed to respirable silica.




This year, an internal audit conducted on FY2021 workforce occupational exposures data at Nickel West identified that a statistical analysis error
resulted in an underestimation of the number of workers assessed as potentially exposed to DPM. This has resulted in an increase in the FY2021 total
number of workers potentially exposed to material exposures compared to what was reported last year.

With the conclusion of our five-year public target, we will continue to manage exposures to as low as reasonably practicable by focusing our efforts in
FY2023 on further implementation of exposure reduction projects, sustaining the exposure reductions achieved by leveraging our Risk Framework and
identifying exposure reduction opportunities for inclusion in FY2024 plans and beyond.

1    The baseline exposure profile is derived through a combination of quantitative exposure measurements and qualitative assessments undertaken by
     specialist occupational hygienists consistent with best practice as defined by the American Industrial Hygiene Association.
2    Occupational Exposure target excludes Projects.
3    The FY2017 to FY2022 data has been adjusted to exclude Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets, Petroleum) and the divestment of BMC.
4    FY2021 data includes adjustment to DPM exposures as a result of misstatement in previous year.

                                                                           52
Coal mine dust lung disease
As at 30 June 2022, 12 cases of coal mine dust lung disease (CMDLD)1 among our employees were reported to the Queensland Department of Natural
Resources Mines and Energy (DNRME).2 In addition to these cases, there were four coal mine dust lung disease claims accepted in FY2022, which
consisted of three former workers and one current worker. For cases involving current employees, we offer counselling, medical support and
redeployment options where relevant.


Mental health
The mental health of our people continues to be a focus. In FY2022, we continued to implement our Group-wide Mental Health Framework to raise
awareness of mental wellbeing, reduce stigma and increase the capacity of our leaders to recognise and support individuals experiencing mental illness.
As a founding member of the Global Business Collaboration for Better Workplace Mental Health, we continue to contribute to the global business-led
alliance to advocate for and accelerate positive change for mental health in the workplace worldwide.

To support the proactive management of mental wellbeing and give our workforce the tools and skills needed to build resilience and positive mental
health, we provide and promote the Employee Assistance Program, our mental health toolkit, Thrive, education and awareness campaigns (including
stigma reduction) and the BHP Resilience Program.

In May 2022, we continued with our annual BHP Mental Health month, with the aim of increasing mental wellbeing and encouraging everyone to
support and look out for one another. We continued to support global mental health campaigns during FY2022, including World Mental Health Day, R U
OK? Day and Movember.

In FY2022, we also commenced work to develop a Group-wide psychosocial risk management approach with the aim of taking a proactive and systemic
approach to sustaining a mentally healthy workplace. This process will contribute to achieving our 2030 goal for a safe, inclusive and future-ready
workforce.


COVID-19
We continued to navigate the challenges of the global COVID-19 pandemic, including high community transmissions and variants that are more
transmissible. In FY2022, we continued to adapt COVID-19 controls based on current scientific evidence and medical advice designed to protect our
workforce and minimise the risk of workplace transmission.

We strongly support vaccination as a control to protect the health of our workforce and the communities where we operate. As part of our COVID-19
controls, we require vaccinations as a condition of workplace entry subject to local laws and regulatory requirements. We also implemented pre-entry
testing programs across our operations and offices globally – aimed at reducing workplace transmissions.

More information on health, including a case study on how we supported our people and the communities where we operate through COVID-19, is
available at bhp.com/health.

1    CMDLD is the name given to the lung diseases related to exposure to coal mine dust and includes coal workers’ pneumoconiosis, silicosis, mixed
     dust pneumoconiosis and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
2    Cases reported to DNRME are not an indication of work relatedness. BHP evaluates each case for work relatedness and where identified, the case
     will be included in occupational illness reporting.

                                                                          53
7.7   Ethics and business conduct
Our conduct
Our Code of Conduct (Our Code)1 brings our values to life so we can make the right choices every day. It applies to everyone who works for us, with
us, or on our behalf. To ensure all employees and contractors understand how Our Code applies, regular training is mandatory. There are consequences
for breaching Our Code and we encourage people to speak up where a decision or action is not in line with Our Code or Our Charter.

Our Code is available in five languages and accessible at bhp.com.

BHP encourages individuals to speak up and report concerns about any conduct that is inconsistent with Our Charter, Our Code or internal
requirements, or conduct that may be illegal or improper. BHP requires reports of business conduct concerns to be treated with appropriate
confidentiality and prohibits any kind of retaliation against people who make or may make a report, or who cooperate with an investigation. We consider
all forms of retaliation to be misconduct and grounds for disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

In FY2022, 5,402 reports were received into EthicsPoint (of these 4,714 were classified as business conduct concerns)2 representing an increase of 33
per cent in business conduct concerns from FY2021. These include reports directly made by employees, contractors or community members. It also
includes reports made to leaders (31 per cent) who are then required to register them in EthicsPoint. We believe the increase corresponds to the
continuous effort by BHP to promote the reporting of disrespectful behaviour to create an environment in which people can feel safe speaking up. The
introduction of a global service to support people involved in sexual harassment incidents and discuss resolution options has also encouraged employees
and contractors to report instances of sexual harassment. Of the business conduct reports received, 36 per cent were made anonymously3, compared
with 42 per cent in FY2021. Of the total business conduct reports closed during FY2022, 43 per cent contained one or more substantiated allegations.4




1     Information is available at bhp.com/our-approach/our-company/our-code-of-conduct/.
2     Some EthicsPoint reports are enquiries, or are not related to business conduct concerns, or are a duplicate of an existing report.
3     This excludes reports not containing a business conduct concern and excludes reports logged by leaders on behalf of others. Case classification is
      made at the time of the report.
4     The calculation is based on reports received and completed in FY2022, containing one or more substantiated allegations. Not all reports resulted in
      a finding. This can occur if there is insufficient information, the respondent is not able to be identified, was previously terminated, or that the
      impacted person did not wish to proceed.

                                                                            54
Transparency and accountability
We support initiatives by governments of the countries where we operate to publicly disclose the content of our licences or contracts for the
development and production of minerals that form the basis of our payments to government, as outlined in the Extractive Industries Transparency
Initiative (EITI) Standard.

Other initiatives include our work in partnership with Transparency International, our representation on the Board of the EITI, our financial support for
and Steering Committee membership of the Bribery Prevention Network (in Australia) and our funding of the BHP Foundation, including its Natural
Resource Governance Global Program.

In FY2022, we also continued our active and public support for ultimate beneficial ownership transparency. This support included co-hosting (with
EITI, Open Ownership and the B Team) a Beneficial Ownership Transparency Forum in London and leading efforts with EITI for BHP and other
leading resources companies to publicly commit to a Statement by Companies on Beneficial Ownership Transparency, launched at the Forum. Through
the Statement, BHP and other leading resources companies recognise the need for publicly available company ownership information and (among other
things) commit to promote the global adoption of beneficial ownership transparency, to disclose beneficial ownership data and to identify and use
beneficial ownership data in due diligence processes. Our efforts are complementary to BHP Foundation’s partnership with EITI and Open Ownership to
support governments to transform the availability and use of beneficial ownership data for effective governance in the extractive sector.

Multi-lateral measures to improve governance, such as these, should help ensure transparency and accountability are cornerstones of a successful energy
transition that benefits the citizens of countries bestowed with critical minerals.


Anti-corruption
We continue our commitment to the global fight against corruption in the resources industry. Our commitment to anti-corruption is embodied in Our
Charter and Our Code.

As part of this commitment, we prohibit authorising, offering, giving or promising anything of value directly or indirectly to anyone to influence them in
their role, or to encourage them to perform their work disloyally or otherwise improperly. We also prohibit facilitation payments, which are payments to
government officials for routine government actions. Our people must take care that third parties acting on our behalf do not violate anti-corruption
laws. Disciplinary action including dismissal, or termination of contractual relationships, may follow from a breach of these requirements.

To manage corruption risk, we work to ensure optimal resource allocation to areas of our business with the highest exposure to corruption risks. The
identification, assessment and management of corruption risks associated with growth opportunities remains a significant area of focus for our
Compliance function, via a sub-team dedicated to supporting functions that are responsible for initiating transactions and growth opportunities in
countries with high corruption risks.

All activities that potentially involve higher exposure to corruption risk require review or approval by our Compliance function, as documented in our
anti-corruption compliance framework. In FY2022, Compliance and Global Corporate Affairs implemented a new end-to-end workflow system for
sponsorships, donations and community development projects, which provides greater data for enhanced monitoring and increased governance over
contracting and post-contact expenditure reporting.

Our Compliance function regularly reviews our anti-corruption framework for compliance with the requirements of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, the UK Bribery Act, the Australian Criminal Code and the applicable laws and regulatory developments of all places where we do business. These
laws are consistent with the standards of the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business
Transactions.

Our Compliance function is independent of our assets and regions and reports to the Chief Legal Governance and External Affairs Officer. The Chief
Compliance Officer also reports quarterly to the Risk and Audit Committee on compliance issues and meets at least annually with the Committee Chair.

The Compliance team also participates in anti-corruption risk assessments in respect of our operated assets or functions, our interests in non-operated
assets and new business opportunities that we consider are exposed to material anti-corruption risks. In FY2022, the team provided input into 44 anti-
corruption risk assessments.

Risk awareness in first-line employees remains a critical preventative measure. Anti-corruption training is required to be provided to all employees and
contractors as part of mandatory annual training on Our Code. Our Compliance function also regularly communicates and engages with identified
higher-risk roles. In FY2022, additional risk-based anti-corruption training was undertaken by 1,578 employees and contractors, as well as employees of
some of our business partners and community partners.

More information on ethics and business conduct is available at bhp.com/ethics.

                                                                            55
7.8   Climate change
We believe the world must pursue the aims of the Paris Agreement with increased levels of national and global ambition to limit the impacts of climate
change.

In September 2021, we published our Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP), which sets out our strategic approach to achieving our long-term GHG
emissions reduction goals. The CTAP, together with more information on our climate positions, actions and performance, is available at
bhp.com/climate.


BHP’s climate change targets and goals1
Following completion of a number of portfolio changes in FY2022, we have taken the opportunity to streamline the expression (without change to the
substance) of the climate change targets and goals we outlined in the CTAP, as set out here.

To support the net zero transition that the world must make, we will continue to pursue sustainable provision of our products, many of which are
essential building blocks of decarbonisation.


For operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 from our operated assets), we have:
•     a medium-term target to reduce operational GHG emissions by at least 30 per cent from FY2020 levels by FY2030
•     a long-term goal to achieve net zero operational GHG emissions by 2050


For value chain greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 3):
•     We are pursuing the long-term goal of net zero Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2050. Achievement of this goal is uncertain, particularly given the
      challenges of a net zero pathway for our customers in steelmaking, and we cannot ensure the outcome alone. To progress towards this goal:2
       •     We will target net zero by 2050 for the operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers.3
       •     We will target net zero by 2050 for GHG emissions from all shipping of BHP products.
       •     We will continue to partner with customers and others to try to accelerate the transition to carbon neutral steelmaking and other
             downstream processes.
•     Our 2030 goals are to:
       •     support industry to develop technologies and pathways capable of 30 per cent emissions intensity reduction in integrated steelmaking, with
             widespread adoption expected post 2030
       •     support 40 per cent emissions intensity reduction of BHP-chartered shipping of BHP products

1     These positions are expressed using terms that are defined in the Glossary to this Report, including the terms ‘target’, ‘goal’, ‘net zero’ and
      ‘carbon neutral’. The baseline year(s) of our targets will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments, and to reflect progressive
      refinement of emissions reporting methodologies. The targets’ boundaries may in some cases differ from required reporting boundaries. The use of
      carbon offsets will be governed by BHP’s approach to carbon offsetting described at bhp.com/climate.
2     The targets are referable to a FY2020 baseline year. Our ability to achieve the targets is subject to the widespread availability of carbon neutral
      solutions to meet our requirements, including low/zero-emissions technologies, fuels, goods and services.
3     Operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers means the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of our direct suppliers included in BHP’s Scope 3
      reporting categories of purchased goods and services (including capital goods), fuel- and energy-related activities, business travel and employee
      commuting.

                                                                             56
Climate Transition Action Plan progress
FY2022 progress on operational decarbonisation targets and goals
To support progress towards our long-term goal to achieve net zero operational GHG emissions by 2050, in FY2022, we achieved our short-term target
due to significant progress made through the execution of Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), particularly in Chile at two of our copper operated assets
but also increasingly across our Australian operations. Meeting our FY2022 target keeps us on track to achieve our FY2030 medium-term target.

    Targets                                                                                       FY2022 progress
    Short-term: Target to maintain operational GHG               We have achieved and exceeded our FY2022 target on the basis of significant progress
    emissions at or below FY2017 levels by FY2022, while         securing renewable energy supply via PPAs, notably in Minerals Americas, with
    we continue to grow our business.                            Escondida and Spence mostly supplied by renewable energy for their electricity in the
                                                                 first half of CY2022.
    Medium-term: Target to reduce operational GHG
    emissions by at least 30 per cent from FY2020 levels by
    FY2030.


FY2022 progress on value chain decarbonisation targets and goals

    Targets and goals                                                                               FY2022 progress
    Steelmaking                                                  •    Announced a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for up to US$10 million
                                                                      investment with POSCO in October 2021 to jointly study optimising coal/coke
    2030 goal: Support industry to develop technologies
                                                                      quality for low-carbon blast furnace operation and Carbon Capture Utilisation and
    and pathways capable of 30 per cent emissions intensity
                                                                      Storage (CCUS).
    reduction in integrated steelmaking, with widespread
    adoption expected post 2030.                                 •    This, together with MOUs announced in FY2021, provides up to US$75 million
                                                                      for steel decarbonisation partnerships with four key customers representing
                                                                      approximately 12 per cent of reported global steel production. For more
                                                                      information refer to our steel decarbonisation framework in Value chain GHG
                                                                      emissions.
                                                                 •    Commenced feasibility studies with Baowu, HBIS, JFE, into CCUS and Direct
                                                                      Reduced Iron (DRI) technologies, use of hydrogen in steelmaking, and iron ore
                                                                      blends suitable for DRI production.
                                                                 •    Invested US$11 million in venture investments in electrolysis technology
                                                                      companies Electrasteel and Boston Metal.
    Maritime                                                     •    In May 2022, we joined the First Mover’s Coalition as a member in the shipping
                                                                      sector, on the basis of committing that 10 per cent of BHP’s products shipped to
    2030 goal: Support 40 per cent emissions intensity
                                                                      our customers, on our time charter vessels, will be on vessels using zero emissions
    reduction of BHP-chartered shipping of BHP products.
                                                                      fuels by 2030.1
    Target: We will target net zero by 2050 for GHG
                                                                 •    Formed a consortium with Rio Tinto, Oldendorff, Star Bulk, and the Global
    emissions from all shipping of BHP products.
                                                                      Maritime Forum to analyse and support the potential to develop an iron ore
                                                                      maritime green corridor, fuelled by green ammonia.
                                                                 •    Chartered the world’s first LNG-fuelled Newcastlemax bulk carriers to transport
                                                                      iron ore from Western Australia to Asia for five years. The fuel, along with
                                                                      improved efficiency of the vessel design, is expected to significantly reduce GHG
                                                                      emissions intensity per voyage.


FY2022 progress on CTAP climate change commitments

    Commitment                                                                                      FY2022 progress
    Assessing capital alignment with a 1.5ºC world – our         •    The impact of our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario on portfolio value was assessed
    approach to strategy and operational and commercial               and reviewed against the portfolio mix and major capital allocation decisions. All
    decision-making in consideration of a range of different          investment decisions now require an assessment of viability under our 1.5°C
    global, sectoral and regional scenarios, including a              scenario. Work continues to determine future climate requirements for planning
    1.5ºC outcome                                                     and capital allocation processes.
    Climate policy engagement – including our                    •    We plan to publish our next formal industry association review in the second half
    strengthened approach to industry associations to ensure          of CY2022.
    our review identifies areas of inconsistency with the
                                                                 •    As part of our normal practice, we intend to analyse the industry association
    Paris Agreement
                                                                      reviews published by our peers and relevant material published by civil society
                                                                      groups and other stakeholders, with the goal of strengthening our own review
                                                                      methodology, where possible.
    Just transition – our approach to dealing with the           •    We have set out our Equitable Change and Transition Position establishing our
    challenges associated with the transition of our                  approach to changes and transitions in our communities. Refer to OFR 7.1.
    communities and workforce as assets come to the end of
    their operating life

1      Subject to the availability of technology, supply, safety standards, and the establishment of reasonable thresholds for price premiums.

                                                                             57
Climate governance and management
Climate change is a material governance and strategic issue for us. Our Board is actively engaged in the governance of climate change issues, including
our strategic approach, oversight of material risk management and performance against our targets, goals and strategies, supported by the Sustainability
Committee and the Risk and Audit Committee.

The Board strengthened the link between executive remuneration and delivery of our climate change strategy in 2020, with performance on
decarbonisation and adaptation now representing 10 per cent of the Cash and Deferred Plan scorecard.

The Board obtains advice from climate change experts, including by seeking the input of management (including Dr Fiona Wild, our Vice President
Sustainability and Climate Change) and independent advisers. In addition, our Forum on Corporate Responsibility (which includes Don Henry, former
CEO of the Australian Conservation Foundation and Changhua Wu, former Greater China Director, the Climate Group) engages with operational
management teams and with the Sustainability Committee and the Board as appropriate.

Below Board level, key decisions in relation to climate change are made by the CEO and management, in accordance with their delegated authority. Our
Executive Leadership Team (ELT) is held to account for a range of measures, including climate-related performance, which are then cascaded through
the organisation. While our Board is ultimately responsible for our strategic approach to climate change issues, management has primary responsibility
for the design and implementation of our climate change strategy with execution overseen by the Climate Change Steering Committee. BHP has a
dedicated Climate Change team responsible for advising the ELT. The team collaborates with BHP’s asset and function teams, external partners and
industry to develop practical climate change solutions, designed to preserve and unlock long-term value for BHP. It regularly prepares information and
advice for the ELT, Sustainability Committee, Risk and Audit Committee and the Board on climate-related strategy, risks (both threats and
opportunities) and performance against climate-related metrics. It also uses key risk indicators to help monitor performance against our appetite for
climate change related risks and monitors relevant signposts through our emerging risk process. Climate-related activity is also undertaken across the
Group, including in our Portfolio Strategy and Development; Commercial; Planning and Technical; and Environment teams.


Climate risk management
BHP applies a single, Group-wide approach to the management of risk, known as the Risk Framework. Risks are assessed to determine their potential
impacts and likelihood, enable prioritisation and determine risk treatment options. We then implement controls designed to prevent, minimise or
mitigate threats, and enable or enhance opportunities. Risks and controls are reviewed periodically and on an ad hoc basis to evaluate performance. For
more information on BHP’s Risk Framework refer to OFR 9.

Climate-related risks can be grouped into two categories:
•     Transition risks arise from policy, regulatory, legal, technological, market and other societal responses to the challenges posed by climate change
      and the transition to a low-carbon economy. For more information refer to Transition risks.
•     Physical risks refer to acute risks that are event-driven, including increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events, and chronic risks
      resulting from longer-term changes in climate patterns. For more information refer to Physical risks.


Transition risks
Transition risks are identified, assessed and managed in line with BHP’s Risk Framework. We consider these across short (up to two years), medium
(two to five years) and long-term (five to 30 years) time horizons.

For more information on risks associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy and why these risks are important to BHP, potential threats and
opportunities, and key management actions refer to OFR 9.1.

                                                                           58
Scenario analysis
When forming strategy, we consider the impact of a range of future pathway scenarios, including our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario,2 and potential
responses to the threats and opportunities presented by climate change. At the time of publication of this Report, signposts do not yet indicate the
appropriate measures are in place to drive decarbonisation at the pace or scale required for us to assess achieving the aims of the Paris Agreement as the
most likely future outcome. However, as governments, institutions, companies and society increasingly focus on addressing climate change, the
potential for a non-linear and/or more rapid transition and the subsequent impact on threats and opportunities increases.

We seek to maximise our exposure to products with significant opportunity under all scenarios and to minimise the risk that capital will be stranded in a
rapidly decarbonising world – through portfolio commodity mix and the position of our operated assets on their cost curves.

Two scenarios (Central Energy View and Lower Carbon View)1 are currently being used as inputs to our operational planning cases, based on our
current estimates of the most likely range of future states for the global economy and associated sub-systems. In addition to our operational planning
scenarios, we utilise a range of scenarios, including our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario when testing the resilience of our portfolio, forming strategy and
making investment decisions. These scenarios are reviewed periodically to reflect new information and are benchmarked against scenarios from the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and third-party energy and resource research organisations (including the International Energy
Agency, IHS Markit, Wood Mackenzie, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and CRU); an update of the scenarios is expected during FY2023.

The energy and resources modelling from BHP’s 1.5°C scenario, which was conducted in 2020, remains consistent with the updated carbon budget
released in the Working Group I report as the first part of the IPCC’s Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) in 2021.


Capital alignment
During FY2022, we systematically integrated our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario2 into our strategy and capital allocation process to test the extent to
which our capital allocation is aligned with a rapidly decarbonising global economy. Specifically, we apply our 1.5°C scenario to assess whether future
demand for our products under that scenario supports ongoing capital investment. Our analysis and that of others, including the International Energy
Agency, have shown that many of the commodities we currently produce are critical for the aims of the Paris Agreement to be met.

The impact of our 1.5°C scenario on our portfolio value was assessed after the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside and the sale of a
number of our coal assets, and was reviewed against portfolio mix and major capital allocation decisions. Our portfolio value increased under the 1.5°C
scenario, consistent with the demand outcomes of the analysis published in the BHP Climate Change Report 20203 that indicated the world would need
around twice as much steel, copper and potash, and four times as much nickel in the next 30 years as it did in the last 30. It also indicated a reduction in
the future demand for oil and energy coal.

Our focus for capital expenditure is now on commodities we assess as having a significant upside through the transition. Furthermore, the internal
allocation of capital under our Capital Allocation Framework and all major investment decisions now require an assessment of investment viability
under our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario.

Through these processes, we demonstrate our commitment to ensuring our capital expenditure plans are not misaligned with the Paris Agreement’s aim
to pursue efforts to limit global warming to 1.5°C. Our total capital and exploration expenditure for Continuing operations in FY2022 was
US$6.1 billion, of which US$73 million or 1 per cent was for our energy coal assets. Spend in FY2022 and all currently approved spend for energy coal
assets is limited to maintenance capital. Additional capital is expected to be required for the proposed life extension of the Mt Arthur Coal mine through
to the end of FY2030, should relevant approvals be received. This is expected to provide certainty for our people and the community about the future of
the mine and time to work together with the community on a plan that contributes to helping the region diversify and strengthen its economy.

In FY2020, we announced a commitment of at least US$400 million to invest in GHG emissions reduction across our operated assets and value chain
over the five-year life of our Climate Investment Program. We spent US$47 million on initiatives consistent with this program in FY2022, targeting
operational, maritime, and steelmaking emissions and BHP Ventures investments. This figure does not include the operating expenditure associated with
renewable electricity arrangements established at a number of our operations, which collectively represented the main source of operational emissions
abatement for BHP in FY2022. More than US$200 million has been included in approved budgets for FY2023 as our decarbonisation programs further
mature, and we will continue expenditure of up to US$75 million over the coming years channelled towards partnerships with our customers in the steel
sector.

1     Central Energy View reflects, and is periodically updated to respond to, existing policy trends and commitments. Lower Carbon View accelerates
      decarbonisation trends and policies, particularly in easier-to-abate sectors such as power generation and light duty vehicles. For more information
      refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com.
2     This scenario aligns with the aims of the Paris Agreement and requires steep global annual emissions reduction, sustained for decades, to stay
      within a 1.5°C carbon budget. 1.5°C is above pre-industrial levels. For more information about the assumptions, outputs and limitations of our
      1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario, refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com.
3     There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which, if any, of the scenarios might eventuate. Scenarios do not
      constitute definitive outcomes for us. Scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may not be, or prove to be, correct and may or may not
      eventuate, and scenarios may be impacted by additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.

                                                                             59
Our capital allocation process is structured to ensure capital expenditure plans are aligned with our FY2030 and 2050 operational emissions reduction
target and goal. We expect to spend around US$4 billion on operational decarbonisation by FY2030, with plans reflecting an annual capital allocation of
between approximately US$200 million and approximately US$600 million per year over the next five years. Going forward, as our climate response is
further integrated into business-as-usual planning, our spending on climate initiatives is expected to become increasingly indistinguishable from normal
business spending.


How we think about and use carbon pricing
Our assets and markets are likely to continue to be subject to variations in regulation and levels of carbon pricing depending on location and industry.
Similarly, the competitiveness of our products and the processes in which they are used will be impacted by the adoption of carbon legislation in
customer countries. We utilise an explicit regulatory carbon price forecast for major BHP operational, competitor and customer countries. In determining
our forecast, we consider factors such as a country’s current and announced climate policies and targets and societal factors such as public acceptance
and demographics.

We have incorporated regional carbon price assumptions in our planning, investment decisions and asset valuations for more than 10 years. They are
used together with our operational planning cases based on the current economic outlook for asset planning, asset valuations and operational decision-
making.

Our carbon price forecasts are also used along with other qualitative and quantitative metrics, such as the outcomes of our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario
analysis (refer to ‘Scenario analysis’ and ‘Capital alignment’), in our assessment of investments under the Capital Allocation Framework and to inform
our portfolio strategy and investment decisions.

When considering initiatives to meet our operational emission medium-term target and long-term goal, we consider a number of additional metrics,
including the initiatives’ position on our internal marginal abatement project cost curve, technology maturity and ultimate abatement potential. This
informs the implied costs and benefits of our decarbonisation initiatives, allowing us to prioritise and rank those initiatives based on an implied price on
carbon.


Physical risks
Our Adaptation Strategy outlines the proactive and collaborative approach we need to take to build the safety, productivity and climate resilience of our
operated assets, investments, portfolio, supply chain, communities and ecosystems by adapting to the physical risks of climate change. We have
analysed specific climate-related hazards and developed a more detailed approach to enable financial and economic evaluation of physical climate risks
and adaptation measures in future years.

BHP requires operated assets and functions to identify and progressively assess potential physical climate change risks (including to our value chain)
and build climate change adaptation into their plans, activities and investments. In FY2022, we progressed our Adaptation Strategy, conducting a
physical climate risk identification process for our operated assets and supply chain. Risks associated with each hazard were prioritised in accordance
with our risk process under BHP’s Risk Framework, including consideration of their materiality. Across our portfolio of operated assets and associated
value chains, we have identified a number of common, high potential impact physical climate risks; where the ‘Highest potential impact physical
climate risks across BHP’s operated assets’ table presents the top eight.1 The risk management column in the table describes our current approach, which
is subject to review for new or additional climate-related measures arising from the subsequent risk evaluation work program planned for our operated
assets (including legacy assets) in FY2023.


Equitable change and transitions
There are communities around the world that rely on mining certain commodities that may therefore be disproportionately impacted by the transition to
a low-carbon economy. Solutions will require a multi-stakeholder approach including the local community, investors, financiers, government at all
levels and, of course, resource companies such as BHP.

We have outlined our approach to equitable change and transition, taking into account the Paris Agreement and the International Labour Organisation’s
(ILO’s) Just Transition Guidelines, in OFR 7.1, recognising the role of BHP through changes and transitions.

The approach to equitable change and transition will inform implementation of our strategy for decarbonisation and adaptation to the potential physical
impacts of climate change, as well as apply to the intended closure of NSWEC.

1     The first seven risks in the table were selected based on the number of operated assets that identified them as material in accordance with BHP’s
      Risk Framework and the average Maximum Foreseeable Loss severity rating assigned to each. The absence of a tick means either the risk was
      identified at the asset, but not rated as material under our Risk Framework, or that it was not identified for that asset. Legacy assets and
      non-operated joint ventures have been excluded from the analysis. Legacy assets are to be included in the risk evaluations planned for FY2023.
      The eighth risk in the table is a collation of material value chain risks with implications across the regions; its position in the table does not
      indicate its level of potential impact relative to the other risks.

                                                                             60
Highest potential impact physical climate risks across BHP’s operated assets

                                  Minerals Australia          Minerals Americas
  Risk                                Nickel Olympic                        Pampa
  description              BMA NSWEC West       Dam  WAIO Escondida Jansen Norte                Risk management1
  Geotechnical instability  ✓    ✓       ✓        ✓   ✓       ✓         ✓           Our approach to TSF failure risk
  and erosion of tailings                                                           management at operated assets is multi-
  storage facility (TSF)                                                            dimensional and includes the following
  landforms and                                                                     key elements: maintenance of dam
  structures under                                                                  integrity; operation, surveillance and
  conditions of extreme                                                             maintenance; emergency preparedness and
  rainfall, leading to TSF                                                          response; TSF governance and standards;
  failure                                                                           and Group-level oversight and assurance.
                                                                                    The Our Requirements for Tailings
                                                                                    Storage Facilities standard is aligned to
                                                                                    the Global Industry Standard on Tailings
                                                                                    Management (GISTM) and we contribute
                                                                                    to efforts to improve TSF management
                                                                                    across the mining industry, including
                                                                                    through the ICMM Tailings Working
                                                                                    Group. For more information on our
                                                                                    management of TSF failure risk refer to
                                                                                    OFR 7.18.
                                                                                    We are working to incorporate climate risk
                                                                                    management into the TSF life cycle and
                                                                                    have conducted a detailed study on the
                                                                                    potential impact of climate change on
                                                                                    Laguna Seca TSF at Escondida.
  Water shortages           ✓        ✓        ✓        ✓        ✓              ✓    We have a range of risk management
  impacting production,                                                             measures for our water-related risks,
  associated activities                                                             including consideration of climate change
  (e.g. dust suppression,                                                           projections as relevant (and where
  ore handling) and                                                                 available), covered in more detail at
  reputation due to                                                                 bhp.com/water.
  changes in average
  rainfall and
  temperature/evaporation
  Flooding of mine and/or   ✓        ✓        ✓                            ✓   ✓    Per above, risk management measures for
  key production                                                                    our water-related risks are covered in more
  infrastructure (e.g.                                                              detail at bhp.com/water.
  plants, conveyor belts
                                                                                    We have developed internal guidance on
  etc.) due to extreme
                                                                                    incorporating climate change projections
  precipitation
                                                                                    into mine water planning, hydrologic
                                                                                    assessment and infrastructure design.
                                                                                    We are conducting a pilot study on
                                                                                    quantifying the potential impact of this
                                                                                    risk, to inform future value-at-risk
                                                                                    assessments. While our methodology is
                                                                                    still under development, our intent is to
                                                                                    support more effective decision-making
                                                                                    when prioritising capital investment in risk
                                                                                    controls.
  Disruption and/or         ✓        ✓        ✓                 ✓              ✓    We maintain response plans for various
  damage to port and                                                                scenarios that could impact our ability to
  coastal infrastructure                                                            access key markets, including physical
  and operations due to                                                             disruptions of outbound supply chain
  higher sea levels,                                                                logistics.
  cyclones, storm surge
                                                                                    Stockpile and capacity management and
  and changes in marine
                                                                                    use of weather forecasts are some of the
  ecosystems
                                                                                    tools that may assist in minimising
                                                                                    operational disruption at our ports from
                                                                                    weather and/or climate-related events.
                                                                                    We are undertaking more detailed
                                                                                    evaluations of the potential climate change
                                                                                    impacts for our port and coastal
                                                                                    infrastructure, including at Port Hedland
                                                                                    and Hay Point.

                                                                      61
                            Minerals Australia          Minerals Americas
    Risk                        Nickel Olympic                        Pampa
    description      BMA NSWEC West       Dam  WAIO Escondida Jansen Norte                                        Risk management1
    Workforce         ✓    ✓       ✓            ✓                 ✓                                 The Our Requirements for Health, Our
    health and                                                                                      Requirements for Safety and Our Requirements for
    safety incidents                                                                                Community standards, together with BHP’s Risk
    due to extreme                                                                                  Framework, govern our health and safety risk
    events (e.g.                                                                                    management approach.
    extreme
                                                                                                    At our operating sites, we have weather detection
    temperature
                                                                                                    monitoring (e.g. wet bulb temperature) and
    causing heat
                                                                                                    associated weather preparation and response plans
    stress)
                                                                                                    (including Trigger Action Response Plans
                                                                                                    (TARPs)) to enable our response to potential
                                                                                                    extreme weather events. Our sites also have
                                                                                                    Emergency Management Plans in place, and
                                                                                                    personnel trained in emergency response.
    Disruption           ✓        ✓         ✓         ✓                                             We aim to operate our critical equipment in
    and/or damage                                                                                   accordance with industry best practice and ensure
    to electrical                                                                                   that critical equipment components are compliant
    infrastructure                                                                                  with relevant design standards. We have extensive
    (e.g. motors,                                                                                   inspection and maintenance routines, hold
    cooling and                                                                                     inventory of critical spares, and undertake detailed
    control                                                                                         contingency planning, in order to remain resilient
    systems) due to                                                                                 in the face of potential equipment failure or
    extreme                                                                                         inefficiencies.
    temperatures
                                                                                                    A number of our sites in FY2023 will evaluate the
                                                                                                    potential impact on electrical infrastructure of
                                                                                                    extreme temperatures under different climate
                                                                                                    scenarios.
    Disruption                                        ✓                     ✓                ✓      Regular maintenance of water infrastructure, such
    and/or damage                                                                                   as treatment plants, pipelines and tanks is critical
    to water supply                                                                                 to ensure that water is adequate for our operated
    infrastructure                                                                                  assets, both in quantity and quality.
    due to extreme
                                                                                                    BHP requires our water infrastructure to be
    precipitation or
                                                                                                    designed and constructed to meet internal and
    flooding
                                                                                                    external standards.
    Disruption in      Identified as value chain risks across the relevant regions                  We assess supply categories according to
    the supply of                                                                                   commercial dependency and supplier risk, both
    critical                                                                                        elements that have informed our selection of key
    production                                                                                      value chain inputs for further evaluation of
    inputs and                                                                                      physical climate risk. This work aims to minimise
    critical                                                                                        potential adverse impacts from physical climate
    infrastructure                                                                                  risk in our value chain.
    due to extreme
                                                                                                    At our Spence copper asset, we have assessed
    weather events
                                                                                                    supply chain resilience in relation to the impact
                                                                                                    that swells, extreme rainfall, earthquakes and
                                                                                                    tsunamis could have on the supply of diesel,
                                                                                                    sulphuric acid and supplies for concentrates. The
                                                                                                    assessment identified specific mitigating controls
                                                                                                    for consideration by the asset.

To underpin the subsequent risk evaluation work program planned across all of our operated assets (including legacy assets) and key supply chain
infrastructure, we have sourced projections of acute and chronic climate variables from a leading climate science consultancy. The risk evaluation
process will be a further step toward identifying and prioritising additional adaptation measures and reporting potential financial impacts in later years,
including a value-at-risk range. We have already allocated US$200 million to studies on physical climate risk prevention and mitigation measures at our
Minerals Americas operated assets.

1      The risk management measures in this column describe our current approach, which is subject to review for new or additional climate-related
       measures arising from the subsequent risk evaluation work program planned across all of our operated assets (including legacy assets) in FY2023.

                                                                                62
We have also identified a number of opportunities to adapt to the potential physical impacts of climate change, primarily related to improving
operational efficiency and innovation, taking collaborative action to grow the resilience of our value chain, and supporting local communities and
ecosystems. In FY2023, we plan to undertake risk evaluations at our operated assets (including legacy assets) including assessment of chronic physical
risks, implement any ‘quick win’ adaptation actions and initiate studies on measures expected to require significant capital investment. We also plan to
further study prioritised value chain risks to understand with more specificity where risk is concentrated. These actions are intended to contribute to
addressing the climate-related risks noted under the Inadequate business resilience risk factor in OFR 9.1. We also intend to continue to build an
understanding of how the communities where we operate may be impacted by future climate events and embed consideration of ecosystem-based
adaptation, to contribute to both climate resilience and BHP’s biodiversity commitments and goals.


Our operational decarbonisation pathway
Decarbonising electricity
Decarbonising electricity by switching to renewables at our operated assets is a priority decarbonisation lever for this decade, in addition to a focus on
preparing the business for widespread diesel displacement in the 2030s. The majority of our electricity supply is delivered via electricity networks and is
accounted for as Scope 2 emissions. We are currently working to reduce Scope 2 emissions via renewable energy PPAs, such as those already executed
in Chile, Queensland, South Australia and grid connected sites in Western Australia. Additionally, work is underway to decarbonise remote power
demands in Western Australia either through PPAs with independent power producers or via ‘behind the meter’ renewable energy installations where we
self-generate electricity in the Pilbara.

Power decarbonisation progressed with key successes in FY2022 including:
•     The Minerals Americas PPAs became operational in August 2021 and January 2022, with Escondida and Spence aiming to use 100 per cent
      renewable electricity by the mid-2020s.
•     BMA’s PPA with CleanCo will deliver approximately 50 per cent of its annual electricity from renewable sources by 2025.1
•     Nickel West signed PPAs to provide its operations with renewable power, with agreements for the Flat Rocks Wind Farm, the Merredin Solar
      Farm and the Northern Goldfields Solar Project.
•     Olympic Dam entered into renewable energy supply arrangements for up to 50 per cent of its electricity by 2025.2


Decarbonising diesel
Diesel displacement represents the largest technical challenge to our decarbonisation pathway for operated assets in terms of the magnitude of GHG
emissions abatement required, predominantly driven by consumption by our haul truck fleet. We are taking steps now to accelerate the essential role that
original equipment manufacturers must play in the development of new equipment to address emissions from our trucks and rail fleet. This includes
partnerships to trial battery-electric locomotives, to develop electrified haul trucks and collaboration such as the ‘Charge On Innovation Challenge’
aimed at developing concepts for large-scale haul truck electrification and charging systems. In addition to progressing the availability of fleet solutions
for zero emission material movement, we are working on readying the business for electrification of material movement by better understanding the
energy balance associated with a fully electrified operation, quantifying future electricity demand and associated infrastructure requirements (e.g.
transmission lines), modelling potential changes to our concept of operations, and evaluating our reliance on supporting infrastructure such as trolley
lines and fast charging capabilities.


Decarbonising fugitive emissions
Although currently relatively small in relation to other emissions sources at BHP’s operated assets, fugitive methane emissions pose considerable
technical and economic challenges for our abatement ambitions. We are working closely with a range of leading organisations in technology, research
and industry across the globe, to develop new approaches and address the issue collectively. This includes investigating opportunities for improving the
comprehensiveness and accuracy of methane emissions measurement. Under current reporting requirements, we use a combination of direct
measurement and default, production-based factors for different coal mine methane sources. While emerging satellite and aerial-based sensing
technology is providing new and potentially valuable perspectives, much more work is required to understand its practical application to geographically
large, diffuse sources of very dilute methane such as open cut coal mines – particularly in crowded neighbourhoods such as the Bowen Basin and Hunter
Valley where numerous mines co-exist in close proximity with a range of other significant industrial and agricultural methane sources.


Project prioritisation
Through studies and our capital allocation process, we seek to optimise the risk and reward proposition for operational decarbonisation projects to
allocate capital and optimise decarbonisation at a portfolio level. We have developed an internal marginal abatement cost curve designed to support the
allocation of capital towards the most economically efficient and effective decarbonisation projects.

We regularly monitor our forecasted operational GHG emissions to check we are on track. As a result of actions taken in recent years, particularly
securing the supply of renewable energy at some operations, we achieved our short-term target, for FY2022, and our currently projected performance in
FY2030 is tracking to plan against our medium-term target. Progression of planned project studies are regularly reviewed.

1     Including the purchase of large-scale generation certificates (LGCs).
2     Including the purchase of LGCs. A portion of the LGCs are to be created from the new Port Augusta Renewable Energy Park.

                                                                              63
Value chain GHG emissions
We recognise the importance of supporting the climate transition in our value chain. In 2020, BHP set Scope 3 emissions goals for 2030 to support
decarbonisation for processing of our steelmaking products and maritime transportation of our products. In 2021, we added to these goals with a long-
term goal and targets for Scope 3, supported by an action plan of working with industry, including our customers and suppliers, to achieve sectoral
decarbonisation. Refer to ‘BHP’s climate change targets and goals’ for our goals and targets for Scope 3 emissions. As a producer of materials that are
essential building blocks of decarbonisation, BHP is supporting the global transition to a more sustainable development trajectory by evolving the
solutions we provide to our customers and the solutions we procure from our suppliers and partners.


Progress in FY2022
Steelmaking
In FY2022, we progressed our work in supporting the steelmaking industry to accelerate decarbonisation. To support positive climate outcomes in both
the near term and long term, we believe it is important to help enable our customers at whatever stage of the ‘steel decarbonisation framework’ they are
in. This ‘steel decarbonisation framework’ is designed by BHP to describe the technology pathways to decarbonising the global integrated iron and steel
industry.

BHP’s customers in steelmaking are diverse, with some integrated steelmakers in the ‘optimisation’ stage, focused on energy and process efficiency,
increasing scrap ratios and raw materials optimisation. Other customers are exploring ‘transition’ stage solutions like alternative fuels, modified blast
furnace (BF) operations, and end-of-pipe solutions like Carbon Capture and Utilisation (CCU) and Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage (CCUS).
Some companies are investigating the viability of ‘green end-state’ technologies, such as hydrogen-based direct reduction iron (DRI) with electric arc
furnace steelmaking and direct electrolysis processes, like molten-oxide electrolysis.


Steel decarbonisation framework

                                              Optimisation stage                       Transition stage                       Green end state
    Potential emissions                            20% CO2                               50-60% CO2                              90% CO2
    intensity reduction                       reduction vs. BAU1                      reduction vs. BAU                     reduction vs. BAU
    Customer                         • HBIS: Enhanced lump utilisation,       • Baowu: Modified BF oxygen and         • HBIS: Hydrogen DRI
    partnerships                       slag recycling                           hydrogen injection
                                                                                                                      • JFE: DRI pathways with BHP
                                     • POSCO: Coke quality                    • Baowu & POSCO: CCUS                     ores
                                       optimisation                             application within integrated
                                                                                steelmaking
                                     • JFE: Coking coal and iron ore
                                       impact on agglomeration                • Tata: Use of biomass and CCU
    Innovation &                     • R&D novel beneficiation                • R&D ultramafic sequestration          • Ventures completed lab trials
    technology                         technologies                                                                     producing metallic iron using
                                                                              • R&D with Hatch and University
                                                                                                                        BHP ores with Boston Metal
                                     • R&D microalgae blending for              of Newcastle on hydrogen
                                                                                                                        and Electra Steel
                                       premium coking coal quality              injection into modified BF
                                                                              • Supported the CCUS Knowledge
                                                                                Centre, as a member of the
                                                                                CO2CRC
    Product &                        • Studying beneficiation at our Jimblebar iron ore operation                     • Testing programs to assess
    portfolio                                                                                                           performance of BHP’s ores in
                                     • Studying improvements of BMA metallurgical coal quality
                                                                                                                        DRI and electric furnace steel
                                                                                                                        production
    Advocacy &                       • Joined the Global Low-Carbon Metallurgy Innovation Alliance, which is led by Baowu and includes World
    standards                          Steel Association and many steel industry stakeholders
                                     • Engage with industry decarbonisation initiatives, including our customers, Responsible Steel, and the Australia
                                       Industry Energy Transition Initiative, by sharing expertise and participating in consultation on emissions
                                       standards and accelerating decarbonisation pathways

1      BAU means business as usual, referring to a trajectory of steelmaking emissions intensity if no changes occur.

                                                                            64
Our strategy to support steelmaking is to partner, innovate, advocate and supply the optimal products across these stages. Access by steelmakers to
higher-quality metallurgical coal and iron ore products, which enables them to be more efficient and lower-emissions intensity, is an important
component of the transition to a low-carbon future. To support this, we are assessing the opportunity to implement beneficiation at our Jimblebar iron
ore operation and metallurgical coal product improvements at our BMA operations.

In FY2022, BHP signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to partner with South Korean steelmaking company POSCO to study optimising
coal/coke quality for low-carbon blast furnace operation and CCUS. This is in addition to our existing partnerships with Baowu, JFE and HBIS. Across
the four partnerships, we are working with companies that represent approximately 12 per cent of reported global steel production capacity, covering
31 per cent of our direct sales in iron ore and 19 per cent in metallurgical coal in FY2022. BHP has committed to invest up to US$75 million in research
and development of steel decarbonisation pathways through these customer partnerships. The goal of these partnerships is to support the maturation and
scaling-up of fit-for-purpose solutions across the steelmaking value-chain in all stages of steel decarbonisation.

We intend to progress our customer partnerships over three phases:
1.    Conduct feasibility studies or lab/bench-scale research and development in priority areas.
2.    Pilot-scale trial, where we jointly test potential solutions to key technical challenges at a larger scale that is sufficient to understand the impact of
      raw material and operational parameters.
3.    Trial at a customer plant, where we focus on optimal, high impact decarbonisation solutions for deployment on a limited basis at select sites.

In FY2023, we intend to progress a subset of existing customer partnerships on projects that in aggregate have the potential to deliver 30 per cent
emissions intensity reduction if adopted at scale post-2030. We will also continue exploring other partnerships that are complementary to our geographic
or technology priorities, or that can help make existing projects more effective and efficient. For instance, on 20 July 2022, we announced a new MOU
with Tata Steel to collaborate on the use of biomass as a source of energy and the application of CCU in steel production.


Maritime
Our strategy for supporting the maritime industry’s climate transition includes advocacy, adoption of low- and zero-emissions fuels or other efficiency
technologies (like wind-assisted propulsion) and deploying real-time data analytics to optimise vessel and route selection to improve operational
efficiency. For example, in FY2022:
•     Advocacy: We signed the industry call to action with more than 150 other organisations urging governments to commit to decarbonising
      international shipping by 2050, surpassing the levels of ambition set out in the International Maritime Organisation’s Initial GHG Strategy. This is
      in addition to the advocacy work we do with the Global Centre for Maritime Decarbonisation in Singapore, of which we became a founding
      member in FY2021.
•     Zero-emission fuels: We joined the US Government’s First Mover’s Coalition, launched at COP26 in Glasgow, as a member in the shipping
      sector. This means we commit to 10 per cent of BHP’s products shipped to our customers on our time charter vessels being on vessels using
      zero-emissions fuels by FY2030.1 BHP has also formed a consortium with Rio Tinto, Oldendorff, Star Bulk and the Global Maritime Forum to
      analyse and support the development of an iron ore maritime green corridor, fuelled by green ammonia.
•     Transition fuels: We progressed use of LNG as a transitional fuel. BHP has chartered the world’s first LNG-fuelled Newcastlemax bulk carriers
      to transport iron ore from Western Australia to Asia from Eastern Pacific Shipping (EPS) for five years and awarded the LNG fuel contract to
      Shell. The fuel, along with improved efficiency of the vessel design, is expected to reduce GHG emissions intensity by up to 30 per cent on a per
      voyage basis. We have already operationalised two vessels and expect to deliver another three vessels in FY2023. BHP is also exploring biofuels
      as an interim GHG emission abatement option for shipping. In FY2022, we issued a Request for Proposal for procurement of sustainable-certified
      (REDII or ISCC)2 biodiesel.

1     Subject to the availability of technology, supply, safety standards and the establishment of reasonable thresholds for price premiums.
2     Renewable Energy Directive or International Sustainability and Carbon Certification.

                                                                               65
Procurement
In FY2022, we conducted a survey and assessment of the climate positions of our top 500 direct suppliers, representing approximately 76 per cent of our
spend.1 Through this study, we found that 27 per cent of the suppliers surveyed have Scope 1 and Scope 2 targets and/or goals aligned with our own. In
the coming years, we intend to systematise our tracking and engagement of suppliers in relation to their public climate strategies.

In order to engage and incentivise our suppliers, we integrated climate commitments into our sourcing document and evaluation criteria. We intend to
continue to refine and integrate metrics related to incentivising positive climate outcomes from our suppliers going forward.


Natural climate solutions
Investing in natural ecosystems is a cost-effective and immediately available solution to mitigate climate change that often provides sustainability
co-benefits, such as biodiversity conservation, improved water quality or support for local communities. We support the development of market
mechanisms that channel private sector finance into projects that increase carbon storage or avoid GHG emissions through conservation, restoration and
improved management of terrestrial landscapes, wetlands and coastal and marine ecosystems. We focus on project support, governance, knowledge and
innovation, and market stimulation for carbon credits generated by these projects. For example, in FY2022 we launched a new A$3 million grants
program to help drive the development of the Australian blue carbon market by providing funding and support to emerging blue carbon projects.2


Governance
BHP advocates for the development of efficient global carbon markets that facilitate high-quality offsetting that is both cost-effective and delivers
broader sustainability co-benefits. We are an active member on several international carbon markets bodies including the International Emissions
Trading Association and the Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets.


Use of carbon credits or offsets
BHP prioritises emissions reduction at our operated assets to achieve our Scope 1 and 2 target and goal, with investments in external carbon offset
projects considered complementary to this ‘structural abatement’. Although we prioritise internal emission reduction, we acknowledge a role for offsets
in a temporary or transitional capacity while abatement options are being studied, as well as for ‘hard to abate’ emissions with limited or no current
technological solutions, and where access to renewable energy is constrained.

BHP has five potential ‘use cases’ for carbon offsets, to complement the structural emissions abatement that we prioritise (refer to the ‘BHP Carbon
Offset Use Cases’ table). This includes contributing to our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emission reduction targets and goals and complying with emissions
regulations (e.g. under the Australian Safeguard mechanism) as we work to decarbonise our business. We use our social investment to fund research into
new and emerging natural carbon offsetting methodologies, and to fund offsets projects with social value co-benefits in line with our social value
framework.3 We also explore commercial opportunities to work with organisations in our value chain to supply offsets to supplement their focus on
emissions abatement, including the bundling of offsets into product transactions.4

1     This percentage is calculated as a share of our total spend in FY2021, and total spend is defined as the categories of spend that are relevant to
      Scope 3 emissions reporting categories, which excludes intra-company payments, internal payroll, community and charitable donations, and
      expenses associated with regulatory compliance and taxation.
2     For more information refer to bhp.com/news/articles/2022/06/new-bhp-grants-to-support-blue-carbon-market.
3     For more information refer to bhp.com/sustainability/communities/social-investment.
4     For example, we undertook a pilot carbon neutral commodity transaction with US copper cable and wire manufacturer, Southwire. We did not
      retire any of the offsets tied to that transaction against our own voluntary targets or goals. For more information refer to
      bhp.com/news/media-centre/releases/2021/10/bhp-and-southwire-collaborate-for-first-carbon-neutral-copper-cathode-delivery.

                                                                             66
Sourcing
We perform due diligence designed to ensure we invest in carbon offsets that adhere to the following minimum quality standards:1
•     Registered under an internationally recognised standard that independently verifies and issues voluntary carbon credits and/or satisfies
      national carbon offset standards for compliance offsets.
•     Adheres to a robust emission reduction accounting methodology to provide assurance of the volume of emissions reduced through a project.
•     Demonstrates that the emissions reductions are additional to ensure that the emissions would not have been reduced in the absence of a carbon
      offset market.
•     Has a high likelihood of permanence to ensure the emissions reduction are ongoing and not reversed (e.g. in the case of forestry projects, the
      trees are not cut down or destroyed by a natural disaster).
•     Provides robust mitigation against leakage ensuring an offsetting project does not increase emissions elsewhere (e.g. an area is protected from
      deforestation through offsetting but another forest area is destroyed).
•     Demonstrates high environmental and social integrity ensuring no broader social or environmental harm (e.g., hydropower projects that require
      forest clearing and community displacement).
•     Restrict early vintage years to avoid claiming emissions reduction from activities that occurred a long time ago; typically this means not
      purchasing offsets with a vintage greater than five years.

BHP’s carbon offsets are from a variety of sources including (but not limited to) spot markets and project origination. We see a role for offsets from
solutions that remove atmospheric carbon as well as avoid emissions. While we prioritise offsets from nature-based solutions, we also consider the
sourcing of offsets from engineered solutions.

BHP is committed to transparently disclosing the carbon offsets that we retire towards meeting our own climate change targets and goals. We did not
retire any offsets for this purpose in FY2022.


Engagement and disclosure
Achieving the aims of the Paris Agreement will require supportive policy across jurisdictions globally. The policy-making process is complex, and
change is unlikely to be smooth or linear. We believe BHP can best support policy development by ensuring we meet our own climate targets, goals and
strategies, continuing to make the case for the economic opportunities arising from the energy transition, and focusing on those policy areas where we
are likely to have the greatest ability to influence change.

Our Global Climate Policy Standards clarify how our policy positions on climate change should be reflected in our own advocacy and the advocacy of
the associations we belong to. Over the past five years, we have introduced a range of measures to strengthen governance of our membership of industry
associations and monitor their climate change advocacy.

More information on our approach to industry associations is available at bhp.com/about/operating-ethically/industry-associations.

1     For more information refer to bhp.com/sustainability/climate-change/carbon-offsets.

                                                                            67
BHP was one of the first companies to align its climate-related disclosures with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s TCFD, of which
our Vice President Sustainability and Climate Change, Dr Fiona Wild, has been a member since its inception in late 2015. We published our Climate
Change Report in 2020, and also participate in the CA100+ Net Zero Carbon Benchmark (NZCB), which assesses the world’s largest corporate GHG
emitters on their progress in the transition to the net zero future.

In September 2021, we published the CTAP, which sets out the steps BHP intends to take to reduce GHG emissions to net zero within our own
operations and to pursue net zero in our value chain. The CTAP received approval from 84.9 per cent of shareholders in the ‘Say on Climate’ advisory
vote at our AGMs in 2021.

We also engage on policy matters directly with government and through our membership of industry associations and issue-specific coalitions and
initiatives. Examples of these engagements are provided at bhp.com and in the ’Climate policy engagement’ section of our CTAP.

Our TCFD-aligned disclosures and information in support of our NZCB assessment can be found throughout this Report, in our BHP Climate Change
Report 2020 and CTAP and at bhp.com. For a navigator showing where to find relevant information in relation to the TCFD recommendations refer to
‘TCFD index’ in OFR 7.1.


7.9 Value chain sustainability
Our role as both a supplier and a customer means it is important we have a coordinated and integrated approach to sustainability across the value chain.
We strive to work with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders in the value chain to create social value through sustainable practices across the
full life cycle of our products.

BHP takes a systems approach to value chain sustainability, designed to assess and work with others to improve the sustainability impacts of our
upstream supply chains, inbound and outbound logistics, and our products as they move through extraction, processing and use.

In FY2022, BHP developed a sustainability standards strategy that defines our pathway for the implementation of responsible mining and sourcing
standards. The strategy is focused on the foundations needed to enable a more efficient adoption of standards to better position BHP’s participation in
the sustainability standards landscape. We also established a global sustainability standards team to enhance our systems and processes, integrate
planning and enable a more strategic approach to the governance and implementation of sustainability standards across BHP’s operated assets. This team
also has accountability for sustainability reporting and disclosure, bringing together our work on sustainability standards and further strengthening our
approach to transparency and standards across the value chain.

The standards that form part of our strategy are:
•     the Copper Mark
•     the London Metal Exchange (LME) Policy on Responsible Sourcing of LME-Listed Brands
•     the ICMM Mining Principles and associated Performance Expectations
•     the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management
•     Towards Sustainable Mining (TSM)

                                                                            68
Accreditations
Our Chilean operations Escondida and Spence, and Olympic Dam in Australia were awarded the Copper Mark during FY2022 to recognise their
responsible production practices. The Copper Mark is a voluntary assurance framework that independently assesses participants in 32 critical areas,
including environment, community, human rights and governance issues for mining, smelting and refining operations.

Escondida, Spence and Olympic Dam also completed independent third-party verification of self-assessments against the ICMM Mining Principles and
associated Performance Expectations. The ICMM Mining Principles require member companies to conduct a prioritisation process to determine which
assets will be subject to third-party validation across a three-year cycle. All BHP’s operated assets have completed their self-assessments and the
external validation sequence has been determined in consideration of commitments made by BHP to other standards, such as Copper Mark and the LME
Policy on Responsible Sourcing of LME-Listed Brands, to enable operational efficiencies.

We recognise the importance of engaging in the sustainability standards ecosystem and we support simplification of the standards landscape and
convergence of standards. Integrating multiple global and commodity-specific standards is a complex task and in FY2022 we engaged in a number of
forums focused on sustainability standards – through the ICMM, the Minerals Council of Australia and the Mining Association of Canada as well as
with standard-setting bodies like the Copper Mark, and the OECD and LME.

In FY2022, BHP disclosed aspects of our sustainability performance through the LMEpassport, which is the LME’s new digital credentials register to
enable companies that trade LME-listed brands to disclose their sustainability metrics and certifications at corporate, asset and brand levels. BHP added
information related to our copper and nickel LME-registered products from Olympic Dam, Escondida, Pampa Norte and Nickel West.


Due diligence
In FY2022, a cross-functional team defined a clear scope and began developing a due diligence management system for our minerals and metals supply
chain that aligns with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas
(OECD Guidance). This means that, for our operated assets and our inbound supply chain of minerals and metals, BHP intends to adopt the OECD
Guidance’s Annex I five-step, risk-based due diligence framework in the form of a new due diligence management system. The new system will involve
updating policies and procedures, and ensuring appropriate resources designed to identify, assess and manage risks in our minerals and metals supply
chain where there is any origin, transport or trade association with conflict-affected and/or high-risk areas.

Alignment with the OECD Guidance is a reflection of better practice supply chain due diligence and it is also a requirement under the responsible
sourcing standards of leading mining and metals industry bodies, including the LME, the Copper Mark, the ICMM and TSM. In FY2023, we aim to
finalise our OECD-aligned due diligence management system and commence implementation of that system for our minerals and metals supply chain.
For more information about the scope of our OECD-aligned due diligence refer to our Modern Slavery Statement 2022 at bhp.com.


Emerging sustainability initiatives
We also continue to identify sustainability-related opportunities in BHP’s value chain.

We see traceability as a key enabler to lifting sustainability standards across the value chain. In FY2022, BHP and leading US copper cable and wire
manufacturer, Southwire, completed their first ‘carbon neutral’1 copper transaction, involving delivery from BHP’s mines in Chile to Southwire’s
processing activities in Georgia, United States. The pilot forms part of a collaboration for BHP that reflects our Climate Transition Action Plan
commitment to support industry to develop technologies for improved traceability and the pursuit of carbon-neutral production.

Additionally, circular economy principles are an increasingly critical consideration for building sustainable supply chains in relation to our commodities
that meet growing demand for our products, support goals to reduce GHG emissions and minimise the impact of mining and downstream processing on
the environments and communities where we operate. Across the business, we are working to identify opportunities that leverage our capabilities to
create solutions that can contribute towards a circular economy.

1     ‘Carbon neutral’ is not intended to imply certification under any standard or application of a particular methodology and includes all those
      greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.

                                                                            69
7.10    Community
Making a positive contribution to the social and economic wellbeing of the communities where we operate requires long-term partnerships based on
respect, transparency and trust. Our approach to community and Indigenous engagement, social investment, cultural heritage and human rights are
governed by the Our Requirements for Community standard and Our Code of Conduct.


Community understanding
We understand our activities have the potential to create social, cultural, environmental and human rights impacts, both positive and negative. To analyse
the potential risks to communities where we operate, we conduct due diligence to better understand social and human rights contexts, work
collaboratively with our community stakeholders, and look for opportunities to create social value.

As part of our due diligence processes, we conduct community perception research in local host communities for each of our operated assets every two
years. In FY2022, quantitative and qualitative surveys at all operated assets provided insights into the public’s general concerns and priorities as well as
perceptions of mining sector and BHP performance. Globally, community perceptions of our overall performance is positive, being on par or above
average when compared to others in the sector in most markets. We tend to be perceived as being safety driven, behaving in a way that promotes
diversity and inclusion, having a positive relationship with the community, and providing opportunities for local employment and procurement. The
areas where people perceive room for improvement include exceeding regulatory requirements, doing the right thing by the environment, being a leader
in water management and taking a more active role in the global response to climate change.

Our operated assets are also required to maintain annual stakeholder engagement plans and conduct regular engagement activities, including one-on-one
meetings, multi-stakeholder roundtables, issue-based consultation and written communications. These engagements provide a valuable space for more
open and in-depth dialogues with stakeholders on issues such as those raised in our community perception research, exploring mutually beneficial
solutions and building trust.


Community events, complaints and grievances
With no significant community events recorded as resulting from BHP operated activities in FY2022, our five-year target of no significant community
events between FY2018 and FY2022 has been met.1 There were 50 community concerns and 106 complaints (five of which were classified as
grievances)2 received globally across our operated assets through our local complaints and grievance mechanisms. This represented a total increase of
8 per cent from FY2021 figures. The increase is attributable in large part to an overall rise in the level of community reporting, which we consider to be
a positive sign that provides earlier opportunities to seek to address issues and understand sentiment to avoid or reduce the adverse impact and risk of
escalation.

These concerns, complaints and grievances included:
•      The two most common themes across BHP operated assets were concerns regarding: (i) the continued impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and
       associated recovery initiatives; and (ii) local employment.
•      In Chile, community concerns focused on environmental impacts and the overall sustainability of the mining industry, the development of local
       communities and the impacts of automation. Complaints about contractor behaviour included claims that certain commitments were not honoured
       and some local Indigenous community stakeholders raised concerns about water resources in the high Andean wetlands and greater employment
       opportunities at Escondida.
•      In Canada, community concerns and complaints related to the increase in activity at the Jansen Potash Project, including routes of haul trucks and
       greater community support and local procurement opportunities.
•      In Australia, key community issues centred on local employment and associated skills and labour shortages, the impact on local procurement from
       supply chain delays, and our COVID-19 vaccination mandate with particular mental health and wellbeing concerns raised by Traditional Owners.
       Community complaints also related to operational impacts, largely lighting, dust, noise, odour, emissions, blasting overpressure and vibration.
•      Following the announcement of the divestment of our interest in BMC, some local stakeholders focused on whether community support would
       continue under new ownership and the local Traditional Owners sought assurance that the Indigenous Land Use Agreement would be honoured by
       the new owners.
•      The announcement that BHP would retain New South Wales Energy Coal and intends to proceed with a managed process to cease mining at the
       asset by the end of FY2030 was received in a neutral to positive manner overall, with community stakeholders generally expressing support for
       BHP retaining the asset to a managed closure rather than selling to new owners.

1      A significant event resulting from BHP operated activities is one with an actual severity rating of four or above, based on our internal severity
       rating scale (tiered from one to five by increasing severity) as defined in our mandatory minimum performance requirements for risk management.
2      An event or community complaint relating to an adverse impact/event that has escalated to the point where a third-party intervention or
       adjudication is required to resolve it.

                                                                             70
While we have collected information and sought to understand community issues for some time, in FY2022 we identified opportunities to enhance the
visibility and representation of community issues across BHP, including:
•    broadening our community data sets to create a more integrated and multidimensional understanding of community issues, including the
     incorporation of inputs received via Indigenous-specific engagement channels
•    greater data triangulation and the overlay of regional, national, global and industry emerging trends analysis with local insights
•    implementing an enterprise-wide stakeholder management system with linkages to our local community complaint and grievance mechanisms
•    enhancing internal understanding of reporting processes, systems and requirements




More information is available at bhp.com/community.

                                                                           71
7.11    Human rights
Governance and capability
The basis for BHP’s human rights approach is an ongoing commitment to operate in a manner consistent with the UN Guiding Principles on Business
and Human Rights (UNGPs) and the 10 UN Global Compact Principles.

Our Human Rights Policy Statement (HRPS) details our commitment, including the additional issue-specific frameworks we adhere to as well as the
standards and processes set out for our people, business partners and other relevant parties. Updates to the HRPS commenced in FY2022 to more clearly
articulate how our human rights governance and due diligence approach is organised.

Our Code of Conduct (Our Code), which applies to everyone who works for us, with us, or on our behalf, includes a section on human rights. Annual
training on Our Code is mandatory and we provide an additional introductory human rights training video on our internal learning system and our
website. Teams within Corporate Affairs and Commercial who lead our operational and supply chain human rights practices completed further human
rights training with an external expert to better support their capabilities to identify and manage human rights risks and potential impacts. Our Directors
also participated in human rights training, led by an external expert.


Due diligence
In FY2022, we used human rights impact assessments completed in FY2021 to conduct a gap analysis of each operated assets’ material risk profile (as
recorded in our enterprise risk management system) and identified opportunities for improvement, including:
•      better representing the human rights context and potential impacts to human rights for existing material risks, including labour conditions (such as
       sexual harassment and mental health) and environment (such as climate change, water and biodiversity)
•      improving representation of specific human rights risks in our risk profile, such as risks in local procurement programs that operate independently
       of our global procurement process, the risk of violating consultation and consent frameworks that respect the rights of Indigenous peoples, the risk
       of lacking accessible and effective complaints and grievance mechanisms, and analysis regarding potential impacts specific to vulnerable groups
       (such as Indigenous peoples, women and LGBT+ community)

We are reflecting these learnings in our internal governance standards and processes, which are planned to be updated in FY2023.

In FY2023, relevant risk owners and regional teams will work with our human rights subject matter experts to progress these opportunities for
improvement. We intend to also pursue opportunities to improve our overall due diligence process, such as enhancing our external human rights
research, better highlighting stakeholder voices throughout our due diligence and better integrating human rights analysis into business planning cycles
and our Risk Framework.

Our Modern Slavery Statement 2022, prepared under the Australian Modern Slavery Act (2018) and UK Modern Slavery Act (2015), provides
additional information regarding the management of modern slavery risks for our operations and global supply network and is available at bhp.com.


Response and remedy
In FY2022, we continued to evaluate feedback from our stakeholders, external experts, and internal teams on how to make our complaints and grievance
mechanisms more accessible and our internal culture and processes more effective in identifying concerns that have a human rights connection. We plan
to embed this feedback in our approach by the end of FY2023.

We recognise our business activities create human rights risks and potential impacts across several different areas. In FY2023, we will continue to
integrate a human rights perspective when designing, implementing and evaluating our ways of working related to these issues. The human rights
signpost table highlights the priority areas identified by our human rights impact assessments and where key updates may be found in this Report.

                                                                             72
Reporting and disclosure
During FY2023, we intend to develop a refreshed human rights reporting framework that will:
•    better align to the UNGP Reporting Framework Index
•    include quantitative metrics for our operations and our supply chain, as well as qualitative commentary and the voices of rights holders
•    focus on mid- to long-term outcomes in addition to short-term outputs

                                                                          73
7.12 Security services
Security risk management
Identifying, understanding and managing physical security risks is critical to the protection of BHP’s people, assets and reputation.

The security risks we face are complex, constantly evolving and differ across the jurisdictions where we operate. We seek to understand the physical
security threats we face, to inform the development of security programs that protect our people within a dynamic and constantly changing external
environment. We use security controls and mandatory minimum performance requirements to reduce the likelihood of security risks materialising and
mitigate their impact if they do. We support this with external environment monitoring, including through our enterprise emerging risk process, to
identify changes in the external environment that could shift our exposure to security threats across the jurisdictions where we operate.

BHP is committed to aligning with the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights and sets mandatory minimum performance requirements for
our operated assets, to support implementation of these principles.


Responding to a rapidly changing external environment
We are operating in an increasingly volatile, uncertain world, where the physical security risks we face are evolving from local criminal activity and
asset protection risks to more complex transnational threats, which transcend traditional asset and jurisdictional boundaries. Key emerging themes
include social activism, international criminal enterprise, global terrorism and war. We are also seeing the increasingly integrated nature of physical
security with other risk areas, including the physical security threats that stem from cybersecurity risks or climate-related risks. These threats are
developing against a backdrop of increasing anti-government sentiment, inequality and political polarisation across the globe; challenges that have been
exacerbated by COVID-19.

To respond to this shifting external landscape, in FY2022 we established a new Group Security function, to provide additional expertise and support to
the business and conduct assurance over security risk management globally.

Priorities for the function include revising our security framework, to refresh BHP’s mandatory minimum global security requirements and developing a
consistent taxonomy for defining and categorising security threats. This is designed to support robust security risk identification across our operated
assets and functions. The team will also build upon its existing network of intelligence sources in FY2023, by establishing an integrated approach to
threat intelligence. This will provide decision-makers with a tailored and consolidated view of security insights and support risk-informed decisions.

We are also enhancing BHP’s understanding of the key intersecting security risks that could impact us to provide an integrated view of potential
vulnerabilities. This will be complemented by the implementation of a structured global assurance program.

                                                                            74
7.13    Indigenous peoples
We respect the distinct identities and perspectives of Indigenous peoples and recognise the rights, cultures, insights, aspirations and needs that result
from those identities and perspectives. We also recognise our responsibility to develop partnerships based on respect and to pursue mutually beneficial
outcomes. These responsibilities are central to BHP’s Global Indigenous Peoples Framework.




The Global Indigenous Peoples Framework consists of three key elements:
1      BHP Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement
2      BHP Indigenous Peoples Strategy and Good Practice Guidance
3      Regional Indigenous Peoples Plans

First adopted in FY2015, this Framework has played a key part in guiding BHP towards being an organisation that engages meaningfully and
respectfully with Indigenous peoples. However, it has been several years since it was developed and during this time the external environment and
BHP’s own purpose, strategy and operating footprint have significantly evolved. Accordingly, BHP has undertaken a review of the Framework,
informed by an extensive process of internal and external research and consultation, including extensive engagement with Traditional Owners and First
Nations representative organisations, leading external experts, BHP employees and leaders, and several investors.

                                                                            75
This review has identified a number of opportunities for BHP to further strengthen the Framework, so that it continues to be aligned with our purpose,
advances across our mandatory minimum requirements for community and human rights, and our social value framework and new 2030 goals.

BHP agreement-making processes are built on the core principles of good faith negotiation aimed at achieving consent, with a focus on understanding
the historical, legal, social, cultural and political contexts relevant to Indigenous peoples in the areas where we operate or seek to operate; and how our
activities might impact the rights of potentially affected Indigenous peoples.

The newly established Global Indigenous Engagement and Community team continues to progress immediate opportunities for alignment and
improvement initiatives across our operated assets and functions, globally. New senior Indigenous leaders have been appointed and are actively working
with the regional teams to support our approach to cultural heritage management, agreement-making, procurement, employment and social investment –
all of which are core components of our Global Indigenous Peoples Framework.


Minerals Australia
Indigenous cultural heritage protections are a key component of our relationships with Indigenous peoples and our ability to operate sustainably. We
seek to ensure our standards are best practice and forward looking. On 18 October 2021, the Commonwealth Joint Standing Committee on Northern
Australia handed down its report into the destruction of Indigenous heritage sites at Juukan Gorge. While there were no adverse findings or
recommendations made specifically in relation to BHP, we are committed to understanding the lessons available from this extensive body of work.

Significantly, the finalisation of the Committee’s Report has coincided with important law reform in Western Australia. The Aboriginal Cultural Heritage
Act 2021 (WA) provides a revised framework for the recognition, protection, conservation and preservation of Western Australian Aboriginal cultural
heritage. The new Act repeals the outdated Aboriginal Heritage Act 1972 (WA) and removes the former section 18 approvals process.

In advance of this law reform, in FY2021, BHP confirmed to Traditional Owners that we would not act on existing section 18 approvals from the
Western Australian Government without further extensive consultation with the Traditional Owners. In the case of the South Flank project, BHP and the
Banjima people established a Heritage Advisory Council. In the period since, the Heritage Advisory Council has met many times to consider appropriate
heritage management practices in the Central Pilbara and to record this common understanding in the form of Cultural Heritage Management Plans that
will guide BHP’s operations at those locations.

We are committed to the making of land use agreements to formalise relationships in a manner that is responsive to the aspirations of Traditional
Owners and in compliance with the law. These agreements create partnerships designed to realise mutually beneficial outcomes.

Further to the Indigenous Land Use Agreement reached between BMC and the Barada Barna people in FY2021, in April 2022, BMC and the Widi
people entered into a native title project agreement for shared country where both the Barada Barna and Widi peoples hold determined native title rights
in the vicinity of BMC’s South Walker Creek Mine. In assuming majority ownership and operational control of BMC, Stanmore Resources will be
subject to this agreement and its commitments.

With our existing Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) having concluded in FY2022, we commenced the development of a new FY2023–FY2027 RAP. In
a commitment to moving beyond consultation, BHP has been co-developing this new RAP with our stakeholders including, Traditional Owners,
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander organisations, community partners and our employees across Australia. This process has involved nine separate
RAP forums held across Australia. The new RAP will also align to and embed the principles of our Global Indigenous Peoples Framework.

BHP’s spend with Indigenous businesses has steadily increased over the past four years. In FY2022, Minerals Australia saw a 75 per cent increase, to
US$149.9 million, in our direct spend with Indigenous businesses across our operated assets compared to FY2021 levels. Compared to FY2021 levels,
we also increased the number of Indigenous businesses we directly procure from by 53 per cent.

In May 2022, we announced that WAIO intends to more than double its spend with Indigenous vendors to more than US$300 million by the end of
FY2024, as it looks to create more opportunities for Indigenous businesses. We also achieved a significant milestone in FY2022 by reaching our
Australian Indigenous employment target of 8 per cent, three years ahead of schedule.

                                                                             76
Indigenous community investment1

                                                                                                                    Performance
RAP target deliverable or metric2                                                     FY2018        FY2019            FY2020    FY2021      FY2022
Indigenous spend3                                                                     US$42.8m      US$57.5m         US$67.4m US$85.5m     US$149.9m
Indigenous community investment4                                                      US$11.1m       US$8.2m         US$16.6m US$12.5m       US$29m

1    Data includes BMC up to the date of completion of the sale (3 May 2022), operated assets in our Petroleum business up to the date of the merger
     with Woodside (1 June 2022) and Onshore US assets up to the date of completion of the sale (31 October 2018), as applicable.
2    These RAP targets concluded 31 December 2021.
3    RAP target – The identification of specific opportunities for business development and engagement for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
     communities in Local Procurement Plans and associated targets.
4    RAP target – Australian operations engage and consult with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples in social research that is conducted to
     understand local and regional contexts, that then informs social investment planning and outcomes.

In FY2022, in support of efforts to ensure COVID-19 vaccination was accessible to Indigenous Australians, BHP provided A$2 million to Aboriginal
Community Controlled Health Organisations (ACCHOs) across Australia. These funds enabled Queensland, Western Australian, New South Wales and
South Australian ACCHOs each to receive A$500,000 to distribute to their local Aboriginal Medical Service members or to collective programs that
help local medical services accommodate demand. This contribution builds on a donation of A$3.9 million in FY2021, which laid the foundation for
partnerships between BHP and organisations in the Indigenous-led health sector as COVID-19 emerged.


Minerals Americas
In line with our Indigenous Peoples Plan for South America, we seek to work closely with the communities where we operate to make a positive
contribution, including through reaching agreements with local communities.

In FY2022:
•    We created and resourced a new Minerals Americas Indigenous Engagement team to centralise accountability for Indigenous engagement. This
     promotes alignment across our regions of operation and enables us to share standards and processes designed to support Indigenous communities
     affected by our existing operations.
•    We delivered against our commitment to strengthen our cultural heritage practices within the Americas. Commencing with a particular emphasis
     on our operations in Chile, we:
     {       established new critical controls and procedures to manage cultural heritage values within and around our operations
     {       introduced new information systems and geospatial tools to track and protect cultural heritage sites
     {       created a dedicated team within our HSE function to administer cultural heritage management activities at the asset level
     {       reinforced the consideration of cultural heritage management dimensions within our agreement-making practices
     {       engaged independent experts to analyse existing practice against the emerging Indigenous policy landscape

At Escondida, we continued to advance the implementation of the agreement concerning the environmental sustainability of the Salar de Punta Negra,
signed at the end of FY2021 between Escondida, the Chilean Attorney General’s Office, the Peine Atacameño Indigenous community and the Council of
Atacameño Peoples. Key governance mechanisms have been established and the terms of reference for the conduct of technical studies are currently
under development.

                                                                            77
At Cerro Colorado, as part of the Indigenous consultation process for operational continuity of this asset, we reached agreement with the San Isidro de
Quipisca Indigenous agricultural association. Within the framework provided by the Opportunity Agreement Development Plans, FY2022 saw BHP
support the advancement of electrical infrastructure that benefits approximately 80 rural families within the Parca Aymara Indigenous community.

Across our Chilean assets, FY2022 delivered steady increases in our levels of Indigenous workforce participation – with representation reaching 8.7 per
cent at year-end. In total, BHP’s regional annual spend with Indigenous business for the period was US$9.2 million.

In Canada, following the approval of our Jansen Potash Project in Saskatchewan, we continued our commitment to strengthening our Indigenous
relationships and engagement practices with those Indigenous communities impacted by the project. There are six primary First Nations in the vicinity
of the Jansen Potash Project. BHP has entered into Opportunity Agreements with all six. Two of these agreements were targeted for refresh in FY2022.
In the period, we finalised the review of our Opportunity Agreement with the Fishing Lake First Nation and reached an agreement in principle with
regards to refreshing our Opportunity Agreement with the Beardy’s & Okemasis’ Cree Nation. The Opportunity Agreements we have entered with our
Indigenous partners continue to provide a governance framework and a platform to enable economic participation.

In support of the Canadian Government Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s calls to advance the process of reconciliation in Canada, we plan to
develop our first RAP for Canada in FY2023. The RAP will be designed to enable BHP to address the needs and interests of Indigenous communities
within our direct area of influence. The RAP is expected to be co-developed with the stakeholders we seek relationships with, using similar principles to
the process undertaken in Australia.


Resolution Copper
Resolution Copper Mining is owned by Rio Tinto (55 per cent) and BHP (45 per cent) and managed by Rio Tinto.

We acknowledge the Resolution Copper project area includes areas of cultural significance for Native American Tribes and their members. Development
of the project continues to be studied and remains subject to regulatory reviews by federal, state and local governments. Resolution Copper Mining
continues to cooperatively engage in these regulatory processes and has publicly stated its commitment to deepening ongoing engagement with, Native
American Tribes and other stakeholders to understand and seek to mitigate potential negative impacts. We are monitoring and supporting Resolution
Copper Mining’s engagement processes.

7.14    Social investment
Social investment is a further tool to create social value and contribute to the resilience of communities and the environment, in line with our broader
business priorities. Our long-standing commitment is to invest not less than 1 per cent of pre-tax profits1 in voluntary social and environmental
initiatives. For FY2023–FY2030, our social investment will be assessed as a total over the seven-year goals period to FY2030, rather than calculated as
an average of the previous three years’ pre-tax profit. Our social investment performance in the last five years saw BHP fund US$681.4 million in
projects with a continued focus on good governance, human capability, social inclusion and environment. For more information on our performance
against these and other targets refer to OFR.7.3.

In FY2022, our voluntary social investment totalled US$186.4 million, an increase of 7 per cent compared with FY2021. This investment consisted of
US$99.4 million in direct community development and environmental projects and donations, US$14.5 million equity share to non-operated joint
venture social investment programs, a US$52.4 million donation to the BHP Foundation and US$1.5 million under the Matched Giving Program.
Administrative costs2 to facilitate direct social investment activities totalled US$16.1 million and US$2.5 million supported the operations of the BHP
Foundation.

1      To date, our voluntary social investment has been calculated as 1 per cent of the average of the previous three years’ pre-tax profit.
2      The direct costs associated with implementing social investment activities, including labour, travel, research and development, communications
       and costs to facilitate the operation of the BHP Foundation.

                                                                              78
                                                             Social investment framework
Theme                        Aim                                          FY2022
Future of work               We aim to enhance human capability           •        Through our support, 22,401 people completed education or training
                             and social inclusion through education                courses in digital, technology, leadership and/or problem-solving
                             and vocational training and skills                    initiatives. Over 10,469 of these participants were Indigenous people and
                             development.                                          7,583 were women.
                                                                          •        426 education institutions aligned course content to business needs to
                                                                                   better prepare participants for future work readiness.
                                                                          •        1,249 participants found paid employment following completion of their
                                                                                   training.
Future of environment        We aim to contribute to environmental        •        We made 131 investments in nature-based solutions.
                             resilience through biodiversity
                                                                          •        We contributed to improved management of approximately 8 million
                             conservation, ecosystem restoration,
                                                                                   hectares.
                             water stewardship and climate change
                             mitigation and adaptation.                   •        77 scientific or thought leadership papers or specific knowledge sharing
                                                                                   events were supported.
Future of communities        We aim to contribute to the                  •        Through our support, 940 organisations enhanced their internal capability
                             understanding, development and                        to be able to support and deliver solutions that contribute to building
                             sustainable use of resources to support               efficient and sustainable communities.
                             communities to be more adaptive and
                                                                          •        1,168 organisations planned or delivered initiatives that increase/improve
                             resilient.
                                                                                   infrastructure, use of technology and/or use resources that enhance
                                                                                   community resilience, including 171 initiatives specific to Indigenous
                                                                                   peoples.

More information on social investment, including case studies and other initiatives to support communities where we operate is available at bhp.com.

With our most recent five-year sustainability targets completing in FY2022, BHP developed new 2030 goals to further lift our ambitions as we look to
the end of the decade. They represent a shift towards partnership, listening and co-creation, and recognise that addressing challenges like community
and environment resilience requires close community and stakeholder collaboration. For more information on our 2030 goals refer to OFR 2.2.

The 2030 goals are intended to be complemented by a continued commitment to social investment of at least 1 per cent of pre-tax profit1 in addition to
our direct operational decision-making and financial contributions.

We intend to continue to report annually our contribution to social value through our social investment.


The BHP Foundation
The BHP Foundation is a charitable organisation established and funded by BHP that blends ambition, transformational partnerships and business
acumen to catalyse new solutions to some of the world’s most complex social and environmental challenges. The BHP Foundation partners with NGOs
and international institutions with the goal of driving systemic change. Globally the Foundation focuses on the governance of natural resources,
environmental resilience and education equity. These global programs are complemented by the Foundation’s country programs in Australia, Canada,
Chile and the United States which work towards improving long-term, economic, social and environmental sustainability at a national level.

The Foundation’s focus is complementary to the social investment work of BHP. Its partnerships include:
•     Healthy environment: the Great Barrier Reef Foundation’s Resilient Reefs Initiative has been recognised by UNESCO as a model for successful
      resilience-based coral reef management and will be promoted as a global model for the management of all World Heritage listed reefs.
•     Safe, inclusive and future-ready workforce: UN Women’s Second Chance Education project is providing more than 90,000 marginalised women
      access to quality learning, entrepreneurship and employment opportunities.
•     Thriving, empowered communities: Open Contracting Partnership works with governments and key stakeholders to ensure money flowing from
      natural resource wealth is converted into better outcomes for citizens, for example, the implementation of open contracting in Chile has reduced
      the cost of some medicines.
•     Indigenous partnerships: Reconciliation Australia’s Narragunnawali: Reconciliation in Education program has resources and tools for schools and
      early learning services to contribute to the reconciliation movement. Approximately 10,000 Australian schools and early learning services
      registered to develop a Reconciliation Action Plan on the Narragunnawali platform.

1     For FY2023–FY2030, our social investment will be assessed as a total over the seven-year goal period to FY2030, rather than calculated as an
      average of the previous three-years’ pre-tax profit.

                                                                              79
7.15    Environment
We are committed to preventing or minimising our adverse environmental impacts and contributing to the resilience of the natural environment. Our
operations and growth strategy depend on obtaining and maintaining the right to access environmental resources. However, with growing pressure on
and competition for these resources, and with climate change amplifying certain sensitivities of our natural systems, our environmental performance and
management of our environmental impacts on the communities where we operate is critical to creating social value. This is recognised in our social
value framework where the objective under our healthy environment goal is to create nature-positive outcomes by having at least 30 per cent of the land
and water we steward under conservation, restoration or regenerative practices by 2030.

At every stage in the life cycle of our operated assets, we seek to avoid, minimise and mitigate our adverse environmental impacts in line with our
defined risk appetite.

We recognise our activities have an environmental footprint and commit to making voluntary contributions to support environmental resilience across
the regions where we operate. Our Group-wide approach to environmental management is set out in the Our Requirements for Environment and Climate
Change standard and our mandatory minimum performance requirements for risk management. These standards have been designed taking account of
the ISO management system requirements, including ISO14001 for Environmental Management Systems and set the basis for how we manage risk,
including realising opportunities, to achieve our environmental objectives.

The Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard requires us to take an integrated, risk-based approach to managing any actual or
reasonably foreseeable adverse and positive impacts (direct, indirect and cumulative) on biodiversity, land, water and air. This includes establishing and
implementing environmental risk monitoring and reviewing practices throughout our business planning and project evaluation cycles. In addition to the
broader environment-specific components, the standard includes climate change related requirements for our operated assets.

To support continuous improvement, each of our operated assets is required to have an Environmental Management System (EMS) that aligns with
ISO14001 standards and set target environmental outcomes for biodiversity, land, air and water resources that are consistent with the assessed risks and
potential impacts. Target environmental outcomes are included in the life-of-asset plan and approved by the relevant Asset President or equivalent. We
verify our EMS by ISO14001 certification (for sites currently holding ISO14001 certification) or through our internal assurance processes.

In FY2022, no significant environmental events resulting from BHP operated activities were recorded, resulting in our five-year public target of no
significant environmental events between FY2018 and FY2022 being met.

During FY2022, we successfully delivered the full suite of five-year environment-related sustainability targets. We also continued work to:
•      develop a more integrated nature-positive approach and healthy environment goal as part of our 2030 goals
•      refresh our Water Stewardship Strategy and formalise our biodiversity strategy
•      invest in voluntary conservation projects as part of BHP’s contribution to environmental resilience more broadly

BHP joined the Taskforce for Nature-related Financial Disclosure (TNFD) Forum (a group of organisations that support the TNFD Member Group) in
recognition of the increasing awareness and understanding needed on nature-related risk and the implications for the resilience of economies and
society.

More information on our environmental approach, the Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard and our environmental
management and governance processes is available at bhp.com/sustainability.


Contributing to a resilient environment
Biodiversity is essential to maintain healthy ecosystems and the clean air, water and productive landscapes and seascapes we all need to survive and
thrive. We are seeing an increasing societal focus on the urgent need to reverse current trends in biodiversity loss and protect vital ecosystems that are
the foundation of the world’s economic security. As a global resources company, we acknowledge we have a role to play in contributing to
environmental resilience both inside and outside our footprint. We do this through our Group-wide water stewardship and biodiversity strategies, our
social investment strategy and our work with strategic partners and communities. In June 2022, we expressed our aspiration via our 2030 healthy
environment goal (described above) to create nature-positive outcomes. ‘Nature positive’ is a high-level goal and a concept describing a future state of
nature (e.g. biodiversity, ecosystem services and natural capital) which is greater than the current state. This definition comes from the TNFD.

Our collaborative work with strategic partners, including Conservation International, and local communities is focused on contributing to enduring
environmental and social benefits through biodiversity conservation and ecosystem restoration, water stewardship and climate change mitigation and
adaptation. Our preference is to invest our voluntary social investment funds in projects that contribute to cultural, economic and community benefits in
addition to environmental resilience.

Since FY2011, we have invested more than US$95 million of our social investment funds in voluntary environmental resilience initiatives outside our
operational area. This funding is in addition to our investment in day-to-day environmental management activities relating to our operations.

More information on the environment and our environmental projects is available at bhp.com/environment.

Our focus on environmental resilience is complementary to the work of the BHP Foundation under its Environmental Resilience Global Program.

More information is available at bhp.com/foundation.

                                                                             80
7.16 Water
Access to safe, clean water is a basic human right and essential to maintaining healthy ecosystems. Water is also integral to what we do and we cannot
operate without it. In FY2017, we adopted a Water Stewardship Strategy to improve our management of water, increase transparency and contribute to
the resolution of shared water challenges. Our Water Stewardship Position Statement was developed in FY2019 and outlines our 2030 vision. In
FY2022, we made minor updates to our Water Stewardship Position Statement and Strategy to align with the ambitions of our business and society, and
developed our new 2030 healthy environment goal.

More information is available at bhp.com/water.

We recognise our responsibility to effectively manage our interactions with and prevent or minimise our adverse impacts on water resources. Effective
water stewardship begins within our operations. We use water in many ways, including but not limited to:
•    extracting it for ore processing and to access ore
•    dust suppression
•    processing mine tailings
•    providing drinking water and sanitation facilities
•    using marine water for desalination

We work to reduce stress on water resources from our operations and to collaborate with others on challenges and opportunities like water scarcity or
high variability in water supply.

We have achieved our public sustainability target to reduce FY2022 freshwater withdrawal1 by 15 per cent from FY2017 levels2 across our operated
assets. Our FY2022 result demonstrated a 29 per cent reduction on our adjusted FY2017 baseline. Achievement of the target is primarily due to the
gradual replacement of groundwater sources with desalinated water for our Escondida operations. This resulted in the cessation of groundwater
withdrawal for operational water consumption from the Salar de Punta Negra aquifer in 2017 and from the Monturaqui aquifers in FY2020. This
cessation was 10 years ahead of schedule and involved an investment of around US$4 billion in large-scale desalination capability. For more
information refer to bhp.com/news/case-studies/2020/09/breaking-the-water-energy-nexus.

1    Where ‘withdrawal’ is defined as water withdrawn and intended for use (in accordance with ‘Water Reporting, Good Practice Guide (2nd Ed),
     ICMM (2021)). ‘Fresh water’ is defined as waters other than seawater, wastewater from third parties and hypersaline groundwater. Freshwater
     withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses. These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s
     intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources of potential value to other users or the environment.
2    The FY2017 baseline data has been adjusted to account for: the materiality of the strike affecting water withdrawals at Escondida in FY2017 and
     improvements to water balance methodologies at WAIO and BMA, and exclusion of hypersaline, wastewater, entrainment, supplies from
     desalination and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets and Petroleum) and the divestment of BMC.

                                                                           81
Our global freshwater withdrawals from FY2017 to FY2022 are shown in the chart below.




While minimisation of freshwater withdrawal will remain important for us, in some of the regions where we operate it may not be the key water-related
risk. In recognition of the variation of challenges and opportunities across the regions where we operate, we committed in our Water Stewardship
Position Statement to developing context-based water targets (CBWTs). These CBWTs are intended to contribute more effectively to addressing the
shared water challenges in our operating regions.

During FY2022, we engaged third parties to review publicly available information and engage with stakeholders to identify shared water challenges
through Water Resource Situation Analyses (WRSAs). We also began development of CBWTs for each of our operated assets, which are informed by
BHP’s view of water-related risks in the catchments and by the shared water challenges identified in the WRSAs. The WRSAs are expected to be made
publicly available to support continued collaboration between stakeholders in the shared water resources of our operating regions. More information on
the WRSAs is available at bhp.com/water. During FY2023, we intend to publicly release CBWTs for our operated assets and from FY2023 we will
report publicly on progress against the CBWTs.


Water accounting and reporting
We report on water metrics and on the management of water-related risks on our water webpage, in line with the ICMM’s Water Reporting, Good
Practice Guide (2nd Ed) (ICMM guidance) and the Minerals Council of Australia’s Water Accounting Framework (WAF). Generally, these reporting
frameworks align with the reporting requirements of the GRI Standards and the CEO Water Mandate.1 More information on water accounting and
reporting of metrics required by the ICMM guidance is available at bhp.com/water and in our BHP ESG Standards and Databook available at
bhp.com/sustainability.

In FY2022, we continued to report on water volumes for those operated assets classed by the World Wildlife Fund Water Risk Filter as being located in
areas of high or extremely high water stress. The disclosure of water data in high-stress areas is required by several reporting frameworks, including the
ICMM guidance. In FY2022, freshwater withdrawal from those operating assets in high or extremely high water stress areas made up approximately
15 per cent of our total freshwater withdrawals.

1     The CEO Water Mandate is a UN Global Compact initiative that mobilizes business leaders on water, sanitation, and the Sustainable Development
      Goals. Endorsers of the CEO Water Mandate commit to continuous progress against six core elements of stewardship and in so doing understand
      and manage their own water risks. Companies that endorse the Mandate agree to continuous improvement in six core areas of their water
      stewardship practice: Direct Operations, Supply Chain & Watershed Management, Collective Action, Public Policy, Community Engagement and
      Transparency. BHP is an active signatory of the Mandate

                                                                            82
During FY2021, BHP contributed to improving mining sector water reporting through participation in the ICMM Water Working Group to strengthen
the ICMM guidance and align it with the GRI requirements. The most significant change for BHP of applying the 2021 update of the ICMM guidance
was that the guidance recommends (non-mandatory) reporting of the annual change in water storage volumes. We have taken the first step to implement
this recommendation by including changes in water storage volumes in our asset water accounts for those operated assets where water storage changes
are considered material. In FY2022, we assessed which sites may have changes in water storage volumes that were material to their water management;
our coal operated assets (where changes in water storage are the most material within BHP) were a particular focus. In line with our commitment for
continuous improvement of our water accounts and data, we continued to review assumptions for accounting for water storage, and other metrics, in
asset water models and water balances, recognising that water modelling and balances contains a degree of uncertainty which must be understood. We
have now included reporting of material water storage changes across BHP, but note the accuracy of this metric (as for other metrics that we reported for
many years) is expected to continue to improve in the forthcoming years as our knowledge and understanding grows.

We continue to seek to minimise our withdrawal of high-quality water. In FY2022, seawater continued to be our largest source of water withdrawal,
representing 61 per cent of total withdrawals, predominantly for desalination at Escondida. Groundwater remained our most significant non-sea water
source in FY2022, at close to one-fifth of total water withdrawals. In FY2022, approximately 75 per cent of our water withdrawals consisted of water
classified as low quality. The definitions for water quality types is available in section 2.2.4 of the WAF.


Stakeholder engagement and legal matters
Beyond our operational activities, we have committed to engaging across communities, government, business and civil society with the aim of
catalysing actions to improve water governance, increase recognition of water’s diverse values and advance sustainable solutions. We continue to
collaborate with the CEO Water Mandate to support the development of catchment-scale resilience as part of our commitment to strengthen transparency
and collaboration across all sectors for improved water governance. We also continue our collaboration with the University of Notre Dame (United
States of America) to develop an approach to water management that considers the human rights to access water.

As reported in our Annual Report 2021, in August 2021 an individual commenced an environmental damage action against Cerro Colorado alleging that
Cerro Colorado’s water extraction from the Lagunillas aquifer has damaged the aquifer and a nearby lagoon and wetlands. Following a series of
injunctions in February 2022, new orders were received that permit water extraction, subject to ongoing monitoring of aquifer water levels. If the
conditions are complied with, the orders permit four staged and gradual increases through to the expiry of the current environment licence in FY2024.
The hearing for the environmental damage action was held in April 2022 with the outcomes still pending.

In March 2022, the Chilean Environmental Regulator (SMA) sanctioned Escondida, concluding it had breached its environmental permit from 2005
until 2019, causing irreparable environmental damage due to its water extraction from the Monturaqui aquifer. Escondida’s infraction was classified as
‘very serious’, and the SMA imposed a fine of approximately US$8.3 million. Escondida has lodged a reconsideration motion before the SMA. A
decision on the reconsideration motion before the SMA is expected in the second half of 2022. Appeal rights remain an option following the decision.

An environmental damage claim was lodged by the Attorney General’s Office (AGO) against Escondida, Albemarle and Compañía Minera Zaldívar (the
latter two being other companies that extract water (or previously extracted) from the Monturaqui aquifer) before the First Environmental Court of
Antofagasta during FY2022. The AGO alleges the defendants’ extraction of water from the Monturaqui aquifer has caused environmental damage. The
Peine Community (an Indigenous community) has lodged a claim against Escondida based on the same facts. Both claims have been consolidated into a
single proceeding. Escondida filed its answer to the claims on 15 June 2022.

More information on our approach to water stewardship, progress against our Water Stewardship Strategy, water performance in FY2022 and case
studies on activities we are undertaking to progress towards meeting our water stewardship vision is available at bhp.com/water.

                                                                           83
7.17    Biodiversity and land
The nature of our activities means we have a significant responsibility for biodiversity and land management. As at 30 June 2022, we owned or managed
more than 8 million hectares of land and sea; however, just under 2 per cent is disturbed (physical or chemical alteration that substantially disrupts the
pre-existing habitats and land cover) for our operational activities. The area we own or manage has decreased by 8 per cent from FY2021,
predominantly due to the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside.

At each of our operated assets, we look to manage threats and opportunities to achieve our environmental objectives. We apply the mitigation hierarchy
(avoid, mitigate, rehabilitate and, where appropriate, apply compensatory measures) to any potential or residual adverse impacts on marine or terrestrial
ecosystems.

We respect legally designated protected areas and commit to avoiding areas or activities where we consider the environmental risk is outside our risk
appetite. As part of our commitments:
•      We do not explore or extract resources within the boundaries of World Heritage listed properties.
•      We do not explore or extract resources adjacent to World Heritage listed properties, unless the proposed activity is compatible with the outstanding
       universal values for which the World Heritage property is listed.
•      We do not explore or extract resources within or adjacent to the boundaries of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)
       Protected Areas Categories I to IV, unless a plan is implemented that meets regulatory requirements, takes into account stakeholder expectations
       and contributes to the values for which the protected area is listed.
•      We do not operate where there is a risk of direct impacts to ecosystems that could result in the extinction of an IUCN Red List Threatened Species
       in the wild.
•      We do not dispose of mined waste rock or tailings into a river or marine environment.

Our operated assets are required to have plans and processes that reflect local biodiversity risks and regulatory requirements. We revised and formalised
a global-level biodiversity strategy in FY2022 that outlines our purpose and strategic priorities, and is designed to inform operational decision-making
across the full life cycle of mining operations at our operated assets. The global-level strategy provides a clear direction that aligns asset-level
biodiversity and land objectives and supports delivery of the new 2030 healthy environment goal. For more information on our 2030 goals refer to OFR
2.2 and 7.1.

In FY2022, we delivered our most recent five-year sustainability target related to biodiversity. This was to improve marine and terrestrial biodiversity
outcomes by developing a framework to evaluate and verify the benefits of our actions, in collaboration with others, which has been tested at all our
operated assets, and contribute to the management of areas of national or international conservation significance exceeding our disturbed land footprint,
also known as the ‘area conserved’ target. The application of the biodiversity framework is intended to enable us to monitor the impacts of our activities
and the effect of our management responses on biodiversity in a consistent way across BHP’s operated assets. The biodiversity framework was
developed with the support of Conservation International and Proteus, a cross-sector partnership between the UN Environment Programme World
Conservation Monitoring Centre (UNEP WCMC) and business.

For our ‘area conserved’ target, the total land set aside for conservation on land where we operate and other land we steward was 65,870 hectares in
FY2022. In addition to these conservation areas, we made several voluntary investments over the target period, including to the Terrebonne Biodiversity
Resilience Project (a coastal restoration project in Louisiana) and the Martu Living Desert Project in Australia (support for management and
conservation activities on Martu Country). Under the Conservation International and BHP alliance, Conservation International supported an assessment
of whether these projects could contribute towards achievement of this target and found that the area that could reasonably be claimed was 4,465,260
hectares. Given BHP’s FY2022 total disturbed land footprint was 149,312 hectares, our ‘area conserved’ target has been achieved by our operational and
voluntary conservation investments over the target period.

In addition, we signed a grant agreement in FY2022 with Conservation International to pilot a framework to improve marine and coastal protections and
enhance resilience (known as the ‘Seascape Approach’) in Fiji, with the aim of enhancing resilience of coastal Indigenous communities and Lau’s
marine and coastal ecosystems. This is expected to be a significant investment in marine biodiversity conservation in Fiji’s eastern islands of the Lau
Province and its surrounding waters. The agreement is aligned with the longer-term goal released in FY2018 of supporting actions aligned with the UN
Sustainable Development Goals 14 and 15.

More information on our approach to biodiversity and land management and current performance is available at bhp.com/biodiversity.

                                                                            84
7.18 Tailings storage facilities
Ensuring the integrity of our tailings storage facilities (TSFs) is a primary focus across our business. Our aspiration is to achieve zero harm from tailings
and we will continue to work with others and share our progress in an effort to make this a reality.

In 2015, after the tragic failure of the Fundão dam at Samarco, BHP initiated a Dam Risk Review to assess the management of major TSFs. The
catastrophic failure of the Brumadinho dam at Vale’s operation in Brazil in January 2019 further strengthened our resolve to reduce TSF failure risk. For
information about the Samarco tragedy and our progress with the response refer to OFR 8.


Governance and the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management
We are committed to the 2020 Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) and are working to implement the requirements in line with
the timelines outlined by the ICMM. Our Tailings Storage Facility Policy Statement has been published on our website, outlining our commitment to the
safe management of TSFs, emergency preparedness and response, recovery in the event of a failure and transparency.

Delivery of the GISTM implementation plans was a priority in FY2022 and we made notable progress across our operated assets, which was tracked and
reported to the Sustainability Committee. As part of our commitment to GISTM and continuous improvement in tailings management, we conducted a
mid-implementation review that confirmed we are on track to achieve conformance in line with the ICMM timelines. We also implemented our
Accountable Executive (AE) model, whereby AEs are direct reports of the BHP Chief Executive Officer and answerable to the Sustainability Committee
as stipulated in GISTM’s requirements. The AEs cover both direct operational accountability for BHP’s TSFs, as well as an AE accountable for
oversight of BHP’s TSF governance framework. AEs are accountable for the safety, environmental and social impacts of TSFs. Front line employees are
the first line (under our three lines risk management model) and manage the day-to-day operations and safety at site, while connected via regular
communication to the relevant AE.

We continued to progress work on TSF failure risk management in FY2022 with a focus on the delivery of the risk remediation plans completed in
FY2021. These plans are in addition to the range of ongoing governance activities we have in place to ensure effective management of TSF failure risk,
including Dam Safety Reviews, Independent Tailings Review Boards and project-specific Independent Peer Reviews. Key risk indicators (KRIs) set by
management help to monitor performance of our TSFs in dam integrity and design, overtopping/flood management and emergency response planning.
These KRIs have been updated to align to the GISTM. For more information on BHP’s approach to risk management including KRIs refer to OFR 9.


Strategy
Our short-term strategy continues to focus on improving KRI performance in line with defined targets. We are completing studies at our operated assets
focused on reducing and mitigating potential downstream impacts particularly to populations at risk (PAR). The studies resulted in a diverse range of
options to reduce PAR exposure at our TSFs or mitigate TSF failure risk. With this information our assets optimised the design and execution of their
risk remediation plans, which collectively are intended to materially reduce PAR across the portfolio in the short to medium term.

Our medium- and long-term strategies focus on the development of technologies to improve tailings management and storage, which we believe are
important in our aspiration of zero harm from tailings. Asset-specific strategies have been developed for all our operated assets (including legacy assets)
and seek long-term alternative tailings solutions. In addition, while our non-operated joint ventures (NOJVs) are independently controlled and have their
own operating and management standards, we encourage NOJVs to consider long-term alternative tailings solutions as an option in asset planning.


Industry collaboration
As part of our commitment to achieving zero harm from tailings, we are accelerating transformative approaches and technologies through a wide range
of initiatives in collaboration with external industry partners. In FY2022, Future Tails (which is an initiative focused on training, education, research and
best-practice guides in the tailings management space that is supported by BHP, Rio Tinto and the University of Western Australia) established training
programs tailored to executives, operators and technical tailings engineers. These have been positively received by the industry.

A consortium of industry peers was formed in FY2022, to jointly conduct focused research on tailings innovation solutions and share results and
learnings. Expansion of the program is planned for the coming years to bring in additional industry partners and represents a significant opportunity for
industry knowledge and capability uplift. As part of this program, we have created partnerships with Rio Tinto and the University of Melbourne
designed to both develop novel tailings dewatering technologies and mitigate the risk involved in the large-scale application of known tailings
dewatering technologies. Dewatering is a sustainable approach to tailings processing that supports our public commitment to reduce water usage. The
BHP Tailings Challenge received over 150 applications from 19 countries in FY2022 and following a rigorous assessment process, two finalists were
selected to progress solutions for repurposing tailings into fertiliser and construction material. The program will continue through FY2023 culminating
in an on-site pilot ahead of full solution development.

                                                                             85
Transparency
We fully support the GISTM and are working towards implementation at our sites. We have prioritised and actioned a phased disclosure approach
towards conformance, starting with an update to our previously published Church of England Disclosure.1 We have contributed to improvements in
tailings storage management across the mining industry, including through the ICMM Tailings Working Group. We are participants in other tailings
working groups globally, including those associated with the Canadian Dam Association, Australian National Committee on Large Dams, Australasian
Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Minerals Council of Australia, Mining Association of Canada, Society for Mining, Metallurgy and Exploration, and
Fundación Chile. We have continued to participate in the Investor Mining and Tailings Safety Initiative, an investor-led engagement convening
institutional investors active in extractive industries, including major asset owners and asset managers.

We continued our work to fulfil our commitment to provide detailed, transparent and integrated disclosure of TSF management in FY2022. In addition
to our work with industry partners to support the development of credible and meaningful disclosure standards, we have sought to enable the consistent
application of these in our own business through the development and rollout of our Sustainability Standards Portal. The portal is a data platform to
integrate multiple ESG standards, simplify data management for our assets and further strengthen the process, data quality and governance
improvements achieved to date.


Operated and non-operated tailings portfolio
The classifications described in this Report align to the Canadian Dam Association (CDA) classification system. The TSF classification is one element
of TSF risk management, but does not represent risk itself. It reflects the modelled, hypothetical most significant possible failure and consequences
without controls. It does not reflect the current physical stability of the TSF and it is possible for TSF classifications to change over time, for example,
following changes to the operating context of a dam. The TSF classification informs the design, surveillance and review components of risk
management. Therefore, TSFs with a higher-level classification will have more rigorous requirements than TSFs that have a lower level of classification.

As at 30 June 2022, there were 71 TSFs2 at our operated assets, 28 of which are of upstream design. Of the 71 operated facilities, none are extreme and a
further 20 are classified as very high. The three facilities classified as extreme in FY2021 have been reclassified to a lower-consequence classification
following the completion of risk mitigation works this year. In FY2022, two TSFs were removed from the operated TSF portfolio following the
divestment of our interest in BMC and one new active TSF, a low-consequence, upstream facility, at Olympic Dam, has been added. A substantial
portion of our inactive portfolio (56) at our assets is due largely to the number of historic tailings facilities associated with our North American legacy
assets portfolio. More information on the risk reduction work underway for high-consequence classification facilities is provided earlier in the
Governance and Strategy sections and online, including in our case studies.

There are 10 TSFs at our NOJVs, which are all located in the Americas. The three active TSFs are located at Antamina in Peru, which is of downstream
construction, and two TSFs at Samarco in Brazil, Alegria Sul TSF, which is co-mingled dry stack, and Alegria Sul Pit, an in-pit TSF. In addition, there
are seven inactive facilities. These include two upstream facilities at Samarco (Germano) in Brazil (that are being decommissioned following the
February 2019 rulings by the Brazilian Government on upstream dams); three upstream inactive facilities and one inactive modified centreline facility at
Resolution Copper in the United States; and one downstream inactive facility at Bullmoose in Canada. In FY2022, two NOJV TSFs at Cerrejón in
Colombia were removed from our TSF portfolio following the sale of the asset.

1     In April 2019, the Church of England Pensions Board and the Council on Ethics Swedish National Pension Funds wrote to approximately 700
      mining firms to request specific disclosures of their tailings facilities.
2     The number of tailings storage facilities (TSFs) is based on the definition agreed to by the ICMM Tailings Advisory Group at the original time of
      submission and expanded to align with the TSF definition established in the Global Industry Standard for Tailings Management (GISTM). We
      keep this definition under review. In FY2022, four TSFs were removed from the BHP TSF portfolio following the sale of our interests in two
      assets: two TSFs at Cerrejón (NOJV) in January 2022 and two TSFs at BMC (operated joint venture) in May 2022. One new, active TSF, TSF 6 at
      Olympic Dam, has been included.

                                                                            86
7.19   Independent Assurance Report to the Management and Directors of BHP Group Limited (BHP)
Not required for US reporting.

                                                           87
8   Samarco
The Fundão dam failure
On 5 November 2015, the Fundão tailings dam operated by Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) failed. Samarco is a non-operated joint venture (NOJV)
owned by BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda (BHP Brasil) and Vale S.A. (Vale), with each having a 50 per cent shareholding.

A significant volume of tailings (39.2 million cubic metres) resulting from the iron ore beneficiation process was released. Tragically, 19 people died –
five community members and 14 people who were working on the dam. The communities of Bento Rodrigues, Paracatu de Baixo and Gesteira were
flooded and other communities and the environment downstream in the Rio Doce basin were also affected.

Samarco restarted its operations at a reduced production level in December 2020. For information on Samarco’s operations refer to OFR 5.2.


Our response and support for Fundação Renova
BHP Brasil has been and remains fully committed to supporting the extensive ongoing remediation and compensation efforts of Fundação Renova in
Brasil.

The Framework Agreement entered into between Samarco, Vale and BHP Brasil and the relevant Brazillian authorities in March 2016 established
Fundação Renova, a not-for-profit, private foundation that is implementing 42 remediation and compensatory programs. BHP Brasil provides support to
Fundação Renova, including through representation on the foundation’s governance structures.

To 30 June 2022, BHP Brasil has provided US$1.8 billion to fund Framework Agreement programs when Samarco has been unable to do so.


Fundação Renova
Compensation and financial assistance
Fundação Renova continues to provide fair compensation to people impacted by the dam failure.

Compensation and financial assistance of approximately R$11.2 billion (approximately US$2.3 billion)1 has been paid to support approximately
388,000 people affected by the dam failure up until 30 June 2022. This includes:
•     More than 22,000 general damages claims (including loss of life, injury, property damage, business impacts, loss of income and moral damages)
      have been resolved, and more than 290,000 people have been paid a total of approximately R$305 million (approximately US$69 million)1 for
      temporary water interruption as at 30 June 2022.
•     Approximately R$7.1 billion (approximately US$1.4 billion)1 has been paid to more than 66,000 people under the court-mandated simplified
      indemnity system (known as the ‘Novel’ system) as at 30 June 2022. The Novel system is designed to provide compensation for informal workers
      who have had difficulty proving the damages they suffered, such as cart drivers, sand miners, artisanal miners and street vendors. More than
      166,000 people have applied to join the Novel system to 30 June 2022.

Updates on the progress of Fundação Renova’s compensation program are available at
fundacaorenova.org/en/repair-data/indemnities-and-productive-resumption.


Resettlement
One of Fundação Renova’s priorities is the resettlement of the communities of Bento Rodrigues, Paracatu de Baixo and Gesteira. This involves ongoing
engagement and consultation with a large number of stakeholders, including the affected community members, their technical advisers, state
prosecutors, municipal leaders, regulators and other interested parties.

The resettlement process for Bento Rodrigues and Paracatu de Baixo involves designing new towns on land chosen by the communities, to be as close
as possible to the previous layout, attending to the wishes and needs of the families and communities, while also meeting permitting requirements.

Mandated COVID-19 workforce restrictions and suspensions of works on-site, increases to the technical scope for resettlement of the communities and
permitting delays have impacted the timeline for completion. Ongoing efforts to accelerate completions continued throughout FY2022.

1     USD amount is calculated based on actual transactional (historical) exchange rates related to Renova funding.

                                                                            88
A total of 48 houses have been completed and 158 are under construction and mobilisation at Bento Rodrigues and Paracatu de Baixo as at 30 June
2022. Plans for families to move into their completed houses are progressing.

Infrastructure at Bento Rodrigues is complete, including roads, power, water and sewer networks. Public services are also complete, including the health
and services centres, a municipal school and sewage treatment station. Infrastructure at Paracatu de Baixo is complete, including roads, power, treated
water pipeline, storm water and sewer networks. Public services are under construction, including an elementary school, kindergarten, health centre,
water treatment station and sewage treatment station.

At Gesteira, Fundação Renova offered the families a payment solution in which they would be able to purchase property through a ‘letter of credit’.
Most families of Gesteira have chosen this option and the 12th Federal Court has ratified their agreements.

Some families have chosen not to join the resettlement of their previous community and instead resettle elsewhere. For these families, 88 houses and
plots have been purchased, built and/or renovated, and 13 are under construction or renovation as at 30 June 2022. Other families have opted for a cash
payment in lieu of any of the other resettlement solutions offered by Fundação Renova.

Updates on the progress of Fundação Renova’s resettlement program are available at fundacaorenova.org/en/repair-data/resettlement-and-infrastructure.


Other socio-economic programs
Fundação Renova continues to implement a wide range of socio-economic programs in addition to the compensation and resettlement programs. These
programs cover health and infrastructure projects in the Rio Doce basin, promotion of economic development in the impacted communities and sewage
treatment facilities to improve the water quality in the Rio Doce.


Environmental remediation
Since December 2019, the riverbanks and floodplains have been vegetated, river margins stabilised and in general, water quality and sediment qualities
have returned to historic levels. Long-term remediation work is continuing to re-establish agriculture and native vegetation.

A ban on fishing activities along the coast of Espírito Santo and a precautionary conservation restriction preventing fishing for native fish species in the
Rio Doce in Minas Gerais remain in place. Fundação Renova continues to support the recovery of habitats and aquatic ecology and engage with the
authorities with the goal of lifting the restrictions.

Updates on the progress of Fundação Renova’s environmental remediation programs are available at fundacaorenova.org/en/repair-data/socio-
environmental-repairs.


Legal proceedings
BHP Group Limited, BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly BHP Group Plc) and BHP Brasil are involved in legal proceedings relating to the Samarco dam
failure. For more information on the significant legal proceedings involving BHP refer to Additional information 8.

                                                                             89
9   How we manage risk
Risk management helps us to protect and create value, and is central to achieving our purpose and strategic objectives. Our Risk Framework has four
pillars: risk strategy, risk governance, risk process and risk intelligence.

Risk strategy
Risk classification
We classify all risks to which BHP is exposed using our Group Risk Architecture. This is a tool designed to identify, analyse, monitor and report risk,
which provides a platform to understand and manage risks. Similar risks are considered together in groups and categories. This gives the Board and
management visibility over the aggregate exposure to risks on a Group-wide basis and supports performance monitoring and reporting against BHP’s
risk appetite.


Risk appetite
BHP’s Risk Appetite Statement is approved by the Board and is a foundational element of our Risk Framework. It provides guidance to management on
the amount and type of risk we seek to take in pursuing our objectives.

Key risk indicators
Key risk indicators (KRIs) are set by management to help monitor performance against our risk appetite. They also support decision-making by
providing management with information about financial and non-financial risk exposure at a Group level. Each KRI has a target, or optimal level of risk
we seek to take, as well as upper and lower limits. Where either limit is exceeded, management will review potential causes to understand if BHP may
be taking too little or too much risk and to identify whether further action is required.

Risk culture
Our risk management approach is underpinned by a risk culture that supports decision-making in accordance with BHP’s values, objectives and risk
appetite. We use a common foundation across BHP to build the tools and capabilities required to enable us to understand, monitor and manage our risk
culture. These include tailored second-line cultural reviews, Group-wide risk culture dashboards and the inclusion of risk culture assessments as part of
our internal audit plan.

Strategic business decisions
Strategic business decisions and the pursuit of our strategic objectives can inform, create or affect risks to which BHP is exposed. These risks may
represent opportunities as well as threats. Our Risk Appetite Statement and KRIs assist in determining whether a proposed course of action is within
BHP’s risk appetite.

Our focus when managing risks associated with strategic business decisions is to enable the pursuit of high-reward strategies. Therefore, as well as
having controls designed to protect BHP from threats, we seek to implement controls to enable and/or enhance opportunities.

Risk governance
Three lines model
BHP uses the ‘three lines model’ to define the role of different teams across the organisation in managing risk. This approach sets clear accountabilities
for risk management and provides appropriate ‘checks and balances’ to support us in protecting and growing value.

The first line is provided by our frontline staff, operational management and people in functional roles – anyone who makes decisions, deploys resources
or contributes to an outcome is responsible for identifying and managing the associated risks.

The Risk team and other second-line teams are responsible for providing expertise, support, monitoring and challenge on risk-related matters, including
by defining Group-wide minimum standards.

The third line, our Internal Audit team, is responsible for providing independent and objective assurance over the control environment (governance, risk
management and internal controls) to the Board and Executive Leadership Team. Additional assurance may also be provided by external providers, such
as our External Auditor.

As of 1 August 2022, the Risk team and Internal Audit team were combined to form a Risk and Internal Audit sub-function, led by a Chief Risk and
Audit Officer. This reflects the maturity of our Risk Framework and risk management capability across the first and second lines. The integration of
these areas in one sub-function is designed to improve overall effectiveness of both teams, including through further alignment of second and third line
assurance activities across BHP. The Risk team and Internal Audit team will continue to operate in the second and third lines respectively.

                                                                            90
BHP Board and Committees
The Board reviews and monitors the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of financial and non-financial risk management and internal control. The
broad range of skills, experience and knowledge of the Board assists in providing a diverse view on risk management. The Risk and Audit Committee
(RAC) and Sustainability Committee assist the Board by reviewing and considering BHP’s material risk profile (covering operational, strategic and
emerging risks) on a biannual basis.

Performance against risk appetite is monitored and reported to the RAC, as well as the Sustainability Committee for HSEC matters, supporting the
Board to challenge and hold management to account.

Second line risk-based reviews are undertaken to provide greater oversight and enhance our understanding and management of the Group’s most
significant risks, with outcomes reported to management, the RAC and the Sustainability Committee. These outcomes may be used to develop
remediation plans, adjust BHP’s Risk Appetite Statement or KRIs, enhance our Risk Framework or inform strategic decisions.

For information on other Board Committee activities that support risk governance at BHP refer to Corporate Governance Statement 5.


Risk process
Our Risk Framework requires identification and management of risks (both threats and opportunities) to be embedded in business activities through the
following process:
•     Risk identification – threats and opportunities are identified and each is assigned an owner, or accountable individual.
•     Risk assessments – risks are assessed using appropriate and internationally recognised techniques to determine their potential impacts and
      likelihood, prioritise them and inform risk treatment options.
•     Risk treatment – controls are implemented to prevent, minimise and/or mitigate threats, and enable and/or enhance opportunities.
•     Monitoring and review – risks and controls are reviewed periodically and on an ad hoc basis (including where there are high-potential events or
      changes in the external environment) to evaluate performance.
•     Communication – relevant information is recorded in our enterprise risk management system to support continuous improvement and share risk
      intelligence across the Group.

Our Risk Framework includes requirements and guidance on the tools and process to manage current and emerging risks.


Current risks
Current risks are risks that could impact BHP today or in the near future and comprise current operational risks (risks that have their origin inside BHP
or occur as a result of our activities) and current strategic risks (risks that may enhance or impede the achievement of our strategic objectives).

Current risks include material and non-material risks (as defined by our Risk Framework). The materiality of a current risk is determined by estimating
the maximum foreseeable loss (MFL) if that risk was to materialise. The MFL is the estimated impact to BHP in a worst-case scenario without regard to
probability and assuming all risk controls, including insurance and hedging contracts, are ineffective.

For a description of our risk factors refer to OFR 9.1.

Our focus for current risks is to prevent their occurrence or minimise their impact should they occur, but we also consider how to maximise possible
benefits that might be associated with strategic risks (as described in the ‘Risk strategy’ section). Current material risks are required to be evaluated once
a year at a minimum to determine whether our exposure to the risk is within our risk appetite.

                                                                             91
Emerging risks
Emerging risks are newly developing or changing risks that are highly uncertain and difficult to quantify. They are generally driven by external
influences and often cannot be prevented.

BHP maintains a ‘watch list’ of emerging themes and monitors associated signals to interpret external events and trends, providing an evolving view of
the changing external environment and how it might impact our business. We use the watch list and signal monitoring to support the identification and
management of emerging risks, as well as to inform and test our corporate strategy.

Once identified, our focus for emerging risks is on structured monitoring of the external environment, advocacy efforts to reduce the likelihood of the
threats manifesting and identifying options to increase our resilience to these threats.


Risk intelligence
The Risk team provides the RAC, Sustainability Committee and senior management with insights on risk management across BHP. Risk reports may
include trends and aggregate exposure for our most significant risks, performance against risk appetite, updates on the Risk Framework and risk
management priorities, an overview of (and material changes in) BHP’s material risk profile and updates on emerging risk themes and signals, and risk
culture. In FY2022, risk reports were supported by an opinion from the Chief Risk Officer.

We maintain a risk insights dashboard designed to provide current, data-driven and actionable risk intelligence to our people at all levels of the business
to support decision-making. This tool empowers the business to manage risks more effectively, with increased accuracy and transparency.

The Board, RAC and Sustainability Committee also receive reports from other teams to support the Board to review and monitor the effectiveness of
BHP’s systems of financial and non-financial risk management. These include internal audit reports, ethics and investigations reports, compliance
reports and the Chief Executive Officer’s report.

For information on our risk factors refer to OFR 9.1.

                                                                            92
9.1   Risk factors
Our risk factors are described below and may occur as a result of our activities globally, including in connection with our operated and non-operated
assets, third parties engaged by BHP or through our value chain. These risks, individually or collectively, could threaten our viability, strategy, business
model, future performance, solvency or liquidity and reputation. They could also materially and adversely affect the health and safety of our people or
members of the public, the environment, the communities where we or our third-party partners operate, or the interests of our stakeholders, which could
in each case lead to litigation, regulatory investigation or enforcement action (including class actions or actions arising from contractual, legacy or other
liabilities associated with divested assets), or a loss of stakeholder and/or investor confidence. References to ‘financial performance’ include our
financial condition and liquidity, including due to decreased profitability or increased operating costs, capital spend, remediation costs or contingent
liabilities. BHP is also exposed to other risks that are not described in this section.


  OPERATIONAL EVENTS
  Risks associated with operational events in connection with our activities globally, resulting in significant adverse impacts on our people,
  communities, the environment or our business.

  Why is this important to BHP?
  We engage in activities that have the potential to cause harm to our people and assets, communities, other stakeholders and/or the environment,
  including serious injuries, illness and fatalities, loss of infrastructure, amenities and livelihood, and damage to sites of cultural significance. An
  operational event at our operated or non-operated assets or through our value chain could also cause damage or disruptions to our assets and
  operations, impact our financial performance, result in litigation or class actions and cause long-term damage to our licence to operate and
  reputation. The potential physical impacts of climate change could increase the likelihood and/or severity of risks associated with operational
  events. Impacts of operational events may also be amplified if we fail to respond in a way that is consistent with our corporate values and
  stakeholder expectations.

  Examples of potential threats

  •    Failure of a water or tailings storage facility, such as the tragic failure of the Fundão dam at Samarco in 2015 or a failure at one of our facilities
       in Australia, Chile, Peru, the United States, Canada or Brazil.
  •    Unplanned fire events or explosions (on the surface and underground).
  •    Geotechnical instability events (such as failure of underground excavations, unexpected large wall instabilities in our open pit mines, or
       potential interaction between our mining activities and community infrastructure or natural systems), including at our underground or open pit
       mines in Australia, Chile, Peru, the United States, Canada or Brazil.
  •    Air, land (road and rail) and marine transportation events (such as aircraft crashes or vessel collisions, groundings or hydrocarbon release) that
       occur while transporting people, supplies or products to exploration, operation or customer locations, which include remote and
       environmentally sensitive areas in Australia, South America, Asia, the United States and Canada.
  •    Critical infrastructure or hazardous materials containment failures, other occupational or process safety events or workplace exposures.
  •    Operational events experienced by third parties, which may also result in unavailability of shared critical infrastructure (such as railway lines or
       ports) or transportation routes (such as the Port Hedland channel in Western Australia).

                                                                              93
ACCESSING KEY MARKETS
Risks associated with market concentration and our ability to sell and deliver products into existing and future key markets, impacting our
economic efficiency.

Why is this important to BHP?
We rely on the sale and delivery of the commodities we produce to customers around the world. Changes to laws, international trade arrangements,
contractual terms or other requirements and/or geopolitical developments could result in physical, logistical or other disruptions to our operations in,
or the sale or delivery of our commodities to, key markets. These disruptions could affect sales volumes or prices obtained for our products,
adversely impacting our financial performance, results of operations and growth prospects.

Examples of potential threats

•   Government actions, including economic sanctions, tariffs or other trade restrictions, imposed by or on countries where we operate or into
    which we sell or deliver our products may prevent BHP from trading or make it more difficult for BHP to trade in key markets. For example,
    the Ukraine conflict and corresponding implementation of economic sanctions, export controls and other restrictive measures by the United
    States, United Kingdom, European Union and other jurisdictions against Russia contributed to increased volatility for some of the commodities
    we sell and some of the key supplies we buy (including diesel and ammonia).
•   Physical disruptions to the delivery of our products to customers in key markets, including due to the disruption of shipping routes, closure or
    blockage of ports or land logistics (road or rail) or military conflict. In some cases, physical disruptions may be driven or intensified by
    weather, climate variability or other manifestations of climate change.
•   Legal or regulatory changes (such as royalties or taxes, port or import restrictions or customs requirements, shipping/maritime regulatory
    changes, restrictions on movements or imposition of quarantines, or changing environmental restrictions or regulations, including measures
    with respect to carbon-intensive industries or imports) and commercial changes (such as changes to the standards and requirements of
    customers) may adversely impact our ability to sell, deliver or realise full market value for our products.
•   Failure to maintain strong relationships with customers or changes to customer demands for our products may reduce our market share or
    adversely impact our financial performance.
•   Increasing geopolitical tensions (such as the escalation of events relating to the Ukraine conflict) may adversely affect our strategic and
    business planning decisions and/or increase the time it takes us to manage our access to key markets, particularly if we fail to detect or
    anticipate deviations in the geopolitical environment in a timely manner.



OPTIMISING GROWTH AND PORTFOLIO RETURNS
Risks associated with our ability to position our asset portfolio to generate returns and value for shareholders, including through acquisitions,
mergers and divestments.

Why is this important to BHP?
We make decisions and take actions in pursuit of our strategy to optimise our asset portfolio and to secure and create growth options in future facing
commodities (such as copper, nickel and potash). These may include active portfolio changes (such as divestment of our interests in BMC and
Cerrejón, and merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside), as well as maturing organic growth options across our existing portfolio. A
strategy that does not support BHP’s objectives and/or ill-timed execution of our strategy (including as a result of not having sector-leading talent
and capabilities) or other circumstances may lead to a loss of value that impacts our ability to deliver returns to shareholders and fund our
investment and expansion opportunities. It may also result in our asset portfolio being less resilient to movements in commodity prices, which are
determined by or linked to prices in world markets. In the short term, this may reduce our cash flow, ability to access capital and our dividends. A
failure to optimise our asset portfolio for structural movements in commodity prices over the long term may result in asset impairments and could
adversely affect the results of our operations, financial performance and returns to investors.

Examples of potential threats

•   Failure to optimise our portfolio through effective and efficient acquisitions, exploration, large project delivery, mergers, divestments or
    expansion of existing assets (including due to sub-optimal capital prioritisation) may adversely impact returns to investors. For example, a
    scarcity of growth options that align with our strategy could require us to mine deeper, lower-grade deposits, which may lead to higher
    operating and capital costs.
•   Failure to identify potential changes in commodity attractiveness and missed entry or commodity exit opportunities may result in decreased
    return on capital spend for, or overpayment to acquire or invest in, new assets or projects, stranded assets or reduced divestment proceeds.
•   Failure to achieve expected commercial objectives from assets or investments, such as cost savings, sales revenues or operational performance
    (including as a result of inaccurate commodity price assumptions or resources and reserves estimates), may result in returns that are lower than
    anticipated and loss of value. Impacts could be exacerbated by effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and Ukraine conflict, including supply chain
    disruptions (for example, disruption in the energy sector impacting our end-user markets), labour shortages, inflationary pressures on raw
    materials and unfavourable exchange rates, creating operational headwinds and challenging on-time and on-budget project delivery.

                                                                          94
•   Renegotiation or nullification of permits, inability to secure new permits or approvals, increased royalties, expropriation or nationalisation of
    our assets, or other legal, regulatory, political, judicial or fiscal or monetary policy instability or changes (for example, legislation, regulations
    or government policies implemented in Australia by the new federal government, which may include new rules governing the pay of
    contractors) may increase our costs or adversely impact our ability to achieve expected commercial objectives from assets or investments,
    access reserves, develop, maintain or operate our assets, enter new jurisdictions, or otherwise optimise our portfolio.
•   Inability to predict long-term trends in the supply, demand and price of commodities and optimise our asset portfolio accordingly may restrict
    our ability to generate long-term returns from the portfolio. For example, slowing economic growth in China due to factors such as the
    COVID-19 pandemic, political and trade tensions or the market volatility and uncertainty resulting from the Ukraine conflict may result in
    lower demand and prices for our products, which would adversely impact our portfolio returns.
•   Commodity prices have historically been and may continue to be subject to significant volatility, including due to global economic and
    geopolitical factors, industrial activity, commodity supply and demand (including inventory levels), technological change, product substitution,
    tariffs, interest rate movements and exchange rate fluctuations. Our usual policy and practice is to sell our products at prevailing market prices
    and, as such, movements in commodity prices may affect our financial performance. Long-term price volatility or sustained low prices may
    adversely impact our financial performance as we do not generally have the ability to offset costs through price increases.



SIGNIFICANT SOCIAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS
Risks associated with significant impacts of our operations on and contributions to communities and environments throughout the life cycle of our
assets and across our value chain.

Why is this important to BHP?
The long-term viability of our business is closely connected to the wellbeing of the communities and environments where we have a presence. At
any stage of the asset life cycle, our activities and operations may have or be seen to have significant adverse impacts on communities and
environments. In these circumstances, we may fail to meet the evolving expectations of our stakeholders (including investors, governments,
employees, suppliers, customers and Indigenous peoples and other community members) whose support is needed to realise our strategy and
purpose. This could lead to loss of stakeholder support or regulatory approvals, increased taxes and regulation, enforcement action, litigation or
class actions, or otherwise impact our licence to operate and adversely affect our reputation, ability to attract and retain talent, ability to access
capital, operational continuity and financial performance.

Examples of potential threats

•   Engaging in or being associated with activities (including through non-operated joint ventures and our value chain) that have or are perceived
    to have individual or cumulative adverse impacts on the environment, biodiversity and land management, water access and management,
    human rights or cultural heritage.
•   Failing to meet stakeholder expectations in connection with our legal and regulatory obligations, relationships with Indigenous peoples,
    community wellbeing and the way we invest in communities or our approach to environment, climate change, biodiversity and land
    management, water access and management, human rights or cultural heritage priorities.
•   Political, regulatory and judicial developments (such as constitutional reform in Chile that could lead to adjustments to water and other
    resource rights) could increase uncertainty in relation to our operating environment, requiring us to adjust our business plans or strategy. For
    example, changes to regulations may require us to modify mine plans, limit our access to reserves and resources, delay the timing or increase
    costs associated with closure and rehabilitation of assets, or expose BHP to unanticipated environmental or other legacy liabilities.
•   Failing to identify and manage potential physical climate change risks to communities, biodiversity and ecosystems. For example, changes to
    species habitat or distribution as a result of sustained higher temperatures could result in land access restrictions or litigation, or limit our
    access to new opportunities.

                                                                            95
INADEQUATE BUSINESS RESILIENCE
Risks associated with unanticipated or unforeseeable adverse events and a failure of planning and preparedness to respond to, manage and recover
from adverse events (including potential physical impacts of climate change).

Why is this important to BHP?
In addition to the threats described in our other risk factors, our business could experience unanticipated, unforeseeable or other adverse events
(internal or external) that could harm our people, disrupt our operations or value chain, or damage our assets or corporate offices, including our
non-operated assets in which BHP has a non-controlling interest. A failure to identify or understand exposure, adequately prepare for these events
(including maintaining business continuity plans) or build wider organisational resilience may inhibit our (or our third-party partners’) ability to
respond and recover in an effective and efficient manner. This could cause material adverse impacts on our business, such as reduced ability to
access resources, markets and the operational or other inputs required by our business, reduced production or sales of commodities, or increased
regulation, which could adversely impact our financial performance, share price or reputation and could lead to litigation (including class actions).

Examples of potential threats

•   Geopolitical, global economic, regional or local developments or adverse events, such as social unrest, strikes, work stoppages, labour
    disruptions, social activism, terrorism, bomb threats, economic slowdown, acts of war or other significant disruptions in areas where we
    operate or have interests. For example, production at Escondida in FY2022 was impacted by public road blockades associated with social
    unrest.
•   Natural events, including earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, cyclones, fires, solar flares and pandemics. For example, continued COVID-19
    related absences contributed to a fall in production volumes in the March 2022 quarter for copper, iron ore, nickel and energy coal.
•   Potential physical impacts of climate change, such as acute risks that are event driven (including increased frequency and severity of extreme
    weather events) and chronic risks resulting from longer-term changes in climate patterns. Hazards and impacts may include changes in
    precipitation patterns, water shortages, rising sea levels, increased storm intensity, prolonged extreme temperatures and increased drought, fire
    and tidal flooding.
•   Failure by suppliers, contractors or joint venture partners to perform existing contracts or obligations (including due to insolvency), such as
    construction of large projects or supply of key inputs to our business (for example, consumables for our mining equipment).
•   Failure of our risk management or other processes (including controls) to prepare for or manage any of the risks discussed in this ‘Risk factors’
    section may inhibit our (or our third-party partners’) ability to manage any resulting adverse events and may disrupt our operations or
    adversely impact our financial performance or reputation.

                                                                          96
LOW-CARBON TRANSITION
Risks associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy.

Why is this important to BHP?
Transition risks arise from policy, regulatory, legal, technological, market and other societal responses to the challenges posed by climate change
and the transition to a low-carbon economy. As a world-leading resources company, BHP is exposed to a range of transition risks that could affect
the execution of our strategy or our operational efficiency, asset values and growth options, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial
performance, share price or reputation, including litigation. The complex and pervasive nature of climate change means transition risks are
interconnected with and may amplify our other risk factors. Additionally, the inherent uncertainty of potential societal responses to climate change
may create a systemic risk to the global economy.

Examples of potential threats

•   Introduction or improvement of low-carbon technologies or changes in customer preference for products that support the transition to a
    low-carbon economy may decrease demand for some of our products (which may be abrupt or unanticipated), increase our costs or decrease
    the availability of key inputs to production. For example:
      •   ‘Green steel’ technologies may reduce demand for our metallurgical coal or iron ore.
      •   Increased scrap-based steel production may reduce demand for our metallurgical coal and iron ore by limiting production that is required
          globally.
      •   New battery technologies that use less nickel could enter the market and reduce demand for our nickel products.
•   Failure to address investor concerns on the potential impact of climate change on and from BHP’s portfolio and operations may result in
    reduced investor confidence.
•   Social concerns around climate change may result in investors divesting our securities or pressure on financial institutions not to provide
    financing for our fossil fuel assets, which could limit our ability to access capital markets and potentially result in reduced access to financing
    or increased financing costs, or otherwise adversely impact our ability to optimise our portfolio.
•   Perceived or actual misalignment of BHP’s climate actions (goals, targets and performance) with societal and investor expectations, or a failure
    to deliver our climate actions, may result in damage to our reputation, climate-related litigation (including class actions) or give rise to other
    adverse regulatory, legal or market responses.
•   Sub-optimal selection, implementation or effectiveness of technology that is intended to contribute towards the delivery of our climate targets,
    goals and strategies, or unavailability of that technology (including due to a failure of external equipment manufacturers to deliver on schedule
    or competition for limited supply) could delay or increase costs in achieving our plans for operational decarbonisation.
•   Changes in laws, regulations, policies, obligations, government actions and our ability to anticipate and respond to such changes, including
    GHG emission targets, restrictive licencing, carbon taxes, carbon offset regulations, border adjustments or the addition or removal of subsidies,
    may give rise to adverse regulatory, legal or market responses. For example, the implementation of regulations intended to reduce GHG
    emissions in the steel industry in China could adversely impact demand for our metallurgical coal and/or iron ore.



ADOPTING TECHNOLOGIES AND MAINTAINING DIGITAL SECURITY
Risks associated with adopting and implementing new technologies, and maintaining the effectiveness of our existing digital landscape (including
cyber defences) across our value chain.

Why is this important to BHP?
Our business and operational processes across our value chain are increasingly dependent on the effective application and adoption of technology,
which we use as a lever to deliver on our current and future operational, financial and social objectives. This exposes BHP to risks originating from
adopting or implementing new technologies, or failing to take appropriate action to position BHP for the digital future, which may impact the
capabilities we require, the effectiveness and efficiency of our operations and our ability to compete effectively. We may also fail to maintain the
effectiveness of our existing and future digital landscape, including cyber defences, exposing us to technology availability, reliability and
cybersecurity risks. These could lead to operational events, commercial disruption (such as an inability to process or ship our products), corruption
or loss of system data, misappropriation or loss of funds, unintended loss or disclosure of commercial or personal information, enforcement action
or litigation. An inability to adequately maintain existing technology or implement critical new technology, or any sustained disruption to our
existing technology, may also adversely affect our licence to operate, reputation, results of operations and financial performance.

Examples of potential threats

•   Failure to invest in appropriate technologies or to keep pace with advancements in technology that support the pursuit of our objectives may
    adversely impact the effectiveness or efficiency of our business and erode our competitive advantage. For example, a failure to implement
    appropriate technologies that support our assets to produce higher-grade commodities or less waste from existing resources could limit our
    ability to sell our commodities or reduce costs.
•   Failing to identify, access and secure necessary infrastructure and key inputs (including electricity, internet bandwidth, data, software, licences
    or other rights in intellectual property, hardware and talent) to support new technology innovations and advanced technologies may adversely
    affect our ability to adopt, operate or retain access to those technologies. This includes artificial intelligence and machine learning, process
    automation, robotics, data analytics, cloud computing, smart devices and remote working solutions. For example, adopting new technology to
    reduce GHG emissions through the use of alternative energy sources may require new infrastructure, while effective implementation of new
    digital technologies may be heavily dependent on access to relevant data.
•   Failure or outage of our information or operational technology systems.
•   Cyber events or attacks on our information or operational technology systems, including on third-party partners and suppliers (such as our
    cloud service providers). For example, a cyber attack could result in a failure of business-critical technology systems at one or more of our
    assets, which may reduce operational productivity and/or adversely impact safety.


                                                                          97
ETHICAL MISCONDUCT
Risks associated with actual or alleged deviation from societal or business expectations of ethical behaviour (including breaches of laws or
regulations) and wider or cumulative organisational cultural failings, resulting in significant reputational impacts.

Why is this important to BHP?
Actual or alleged conduct of BHP or our people or third-party partners that deviates from the standard of ethical behaviour expected of us could
result in reputational damage or a breach of law or regulations. Such conduct includes fraud, corruption, anti-competitive behaviour, money
laundering, breaching trade or financial sanctions, market manipulation, privacy breaches, ethical misconduct and wider organisational cultural
failings. A failure to act ethically or legally may result in negative publicity, investigations, public inquiries, regulatory enforcement action,
litigation or other civil or criminal proceedings, or increased regulation. It could also threaten the validity of our tenements or permits, or adversely
impact our reputation, results of operations, financial performance or share price. Impacts may be amplified if our senior leaders fail to uphold
BHP’s values or address actual or alleged misconduct in a way that is consistent with societal and stakeholder expectations. Our workplace culture
may also be eroded, adversely affecting our ability to attract and retain talent. Risks and impacts are also heightened by the complex and
continuously evolving legal and regulatory frameworks that apply to the jurisdictions where we operate and potentially conflicting obligations under
different national laws.

Examples of potential threats

•   Failing to prevent breaches of international standards, laws, regulations or other legal, regulatory, ethical, environmental, governance or
    compliance obligations, such as external misstatements, inaccurate financial or operational reporting or a breach of our continuous disclosure
    obligations.
•   Corruption (for example, due to the acquisition of early-stage options in non-OECD countries), market conduct or anti-competitive behaviour,
    including in relation to our joint venture operations.
•   Failing to comply with trade or financial sanctions (which are complex and subject to rapid change and may potentially result in conflicting
    obligations), health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, native title and other land right or tax or royalty obligations.
•   Failing to protect our people from harm (including to mental and physical health) due to misconduct that takes place in connection with their
    work, such as discrimination or sexual harassment.

                                                                           98
9.2   Management of risks

Each risk factor may present opportunities as well as threats. We take certain risks for strategic reward in the pursuit of our strategy and purpose,
including to grow our asset portfolio and develop the right capabilities for the future of our business. Potential threats and opportunities associated with
each of our risk factors are described below, along with the key controls to manage them. These controls are not exhaustive and many Group-wide
controls (such as Our Code of Conduct, Risk Framework, mandatory minimum performance requirements for risk management, health, safety and other
matters, dedicated non-operated joint venture teams and our Contractor Management Framework) help to support effective and efficient management of
all risks in line with our risk appetite. While we implement preventative and/or mitigating controls designed to reduce the likelihood of a threat from
occurring and minimise the impacts if it does, these may not be effective.


Operational events
Examples of potential opportunities
•     Our focus on safety and the wellbeing of our people, communities and the environment may increase operational resilience and stakeholder
      confidence, enhancing our ability to attract and retain talent and access (or lower the cost of) capital.
•     Collaborating with industry peers and relevant organisations on minimum standards (such as the internationally recognised Flight Safety
      Foundation’s Basic Aviation Risk Standard, Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management, Large Open Pit Project guidelines on open-pit
      mining design and management, and the Cave Mining 2040 Consortium on deep mining design and management) supports improvements to wider
      industry management of operational risks and may also identify opportunities to improve our own practices.


Key management actions
•     Planning, designing, constructing, operating, maintaining and monitoring surface and underground mines, water and tailings storage facilities, and
      other infrastructure and equipment in a manner designed to maintain structural integrity, prevent incidents and protect our people, assets,
      communities, the environment and other stakeholders.
•     Specifying minimum requirements and technical specifications, such as for transportation (including high-occupancy vehicles, aircraft and their
      operators) and geotechnical (including characterisation, design, ground control and monitoring), and compliance with operating specifications,
      industry codes and other relevant standards, including BHP’s mandatory minimum performance requirements.
•     Defining key governance roles, such as a dam owner (an internal BHP individual who is accountable for maintaining effective governance and
      integrity of each tailings storage facility) and providing training and qualifications for our people.
•     Inspections, technical reviews, audits and other assurance activities, such as independent dam safety reviews and geotechnical review boards.
•     Maintaining evacuation routes, supporting equipment, crisis and emergency response plans and business continuity plans.
•     Incorporating future climate projections into risks associated with operational events through ongoing assessment of potential physical climate
      change risks.


FY2022 insights
Our exposure to risks associated with operational events decreased in FY2022 as the divestment of our interests in Cerrejón and BMC, and the merger of
our Petroleum business with Woodside, removed associated risks (including the risk of an offshore well blow out) from BHP’s risk profile. Otherwise,
our exposure to risks associated with operational events remained relatively unchanged.


Further information
•     OFR 7.4 – Safety
•     OFR 7.18 – Tailings storage facilities
•     OFR 8 – Samarco
•     bhp.com/sustainability

                                                                             99
Accessing key markets
Examples of potential opportunities
•     Monitoring macroeconomic, societal, geopolitical and policy developments and trends may reveal new markets or commodities, or identify
      opportunities to strengthen secondary markets for existing products.
•     Developing strategic partnerships and strong, mutually beneficial relationships with our customers may enable us to create value.
•     Building a deep understanding of geopolitical threats and opportunities and their potential impacts on global trade flows and our business could
      enhance our strategy, business planning and response, providing a potential competitive advantage.
•     Identifying the potential for weather, climate variability or climate change to disrupt delivery of products and implementing management measures
      may increase the resilience of our operations and value chain.
•     Signal monitoring and building relationships with and understanding the perspectives of influential stakeholders may improve our ability to
      understand and provide input to policy development, and to respond to and manage any impacts from policy changes (such as trade policies).


Key management actions
•     Monitoring and assessing our ability to access key markets, and maintaining sales plans, product placement and business resilience strategies and
      relationships with relevant stakeholders.
•     Maintaining response plans for various scenarios (including physical disruptions of logistics) to mitigate disruptions to our ability to access key
      markets.
•     Monitoring geopolitical and macroeconomic developments and trends, including through signal monitoring and our enterprise-level watch list of
      emerging themes, to provide an early indication of events that could impact our ability to access key markets.
•     Identifying weather and/or climate-related vulnerabilities and implementing controls to mitigate disruptions to our ability to physically access key
      markets.
•     Diversifying our asset and commodity portfolio, such as our ongoing investment in potash through the Jansen Potash Project, to reduce exposure
      to market concentration risks.


FY2022 insights
Exposure to risks associated with our access to key markets increased in FY2022 due to changes in our external environment, over which we have
limited influence. The Ukraine conflict and the corresponding international response has significantly increased volatility and uncertainty in the
international trading, business and financial environment. Escalation or expansion of the conflict or the international response could cause greater
disruption of global supply chains and affect macroeconomic conditions and our ability to sell to particular customers or markets. In addition, strategic
competition between the United States and China continued.


Optimising growth and portfolio returns
Examples of potential opportunities
•     Acquisition of new resources or acceleration of organic growth options in future facing commodities may strengthen and diversify our portfolio
      and protect and grow value over the long term.
•     Ability to predict long-term commodity demand, supply and price trends may lead to BHP being able to identify and acquire new future facing
      commodities and assets ahead of our competitors or exit from declining commodities in a timely manner, strengthening our portfolio and leading
      to long-term, higher portfolio returns.
•     BHP may be perceived as a welcome and valued or preferred partner for the development of new resource opportunities, enabling us to secure
      new assets or exploration opportunities to create long-term optionality in the portfolio.

                                                                            100
Key management actions
•     Strategies, processes and frameworks to grow and protect our portfolio and to assist in delivering ongoing returns to shareholders include:
       •     our exploration and business development programs, which focus on replenishing our resource base and enhancing our portfolio (including
             creating and securing more options in future facing commodities)
       •     our long-term strategic outlook and ongoing strategic processes to assess our competitive advantage and enable the identification of threats
             to, or opportunities for, our portfolio through forecasting and scenario modelling
       •     monitoring signals to interpret external events and trends, and designing commodity strategies and price protocols that are reviewed by
             management and the Board
       •     our Capital Allocation Framework, corporate planning processes, investment approval processes and annual reviews (including resilience
             testing) of portfolio valuations
       •     our balance sheet and liquidity framework, which is designed to maintain a robust balance sheet with sufficient liquidity and access to
             diverse sources of funding
•     Pursuing a considered approach to new country entry, including development of capability to operate in higher-risk jurisdictions, in order to
      support portfolio opportunities.
•     Further developing BHP’s social value proposition to position BHP as a preferred partner for the development of resource opportunities in line
      with the expectations of local communities, host governments and other global stakeholders.
•     Managing commodity price exposure through the diversity of commodities, markets, geographies and currencies provided by our portfolio, as well
      as our financial risk management practices in relation to our commercial activities.


FY2022 insights
Our exposure to risks associated with optimising growth and portfolio returns increased in FY2022 as a result of volatility and uncertainty across global
economies, fiscal regimes and industrial relations, licencing-regulatory uncertainty and escalating social value expectations. The ongoing conflict in
Ukraine has contributed to inflationary pressures for key inputs across our value chain (such as diesel, acid, ammonia and explosives). In FY2022, we
completed the divestment of our interests in BMC and Cerrejón, and the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside, which are intended to
optimise and consolidate our portfolio to align with BHP’s long-term strategy.


Further information
•     OFR 3 – Positioning for the future
•     OFR 10 – Performance by commodity
•     Financial Statements note 23 ‘Financial risk management’


Significant social or environmental impacts
Examples of potential opportunities
•     Our support for responsible stewardship of natural resources may enhance the resilience of environments and communities to potential threats
      (including the potential physical impacts of climate change). For example, BHP has commenced a pilot study on developing a Natural Capital
      Account at a restored mine site to understand how we can better incorporate nature-related threats and opportunities into our strategic planning,
      risk management and asset allocation decisions.
•     Strong social performance, including sustainable mining and a focus on the wellbeing of communities, could generate competitive advantage in
      the jurisdictions where we operate. For example, BHP was recognised for our contribution to the development of female leaders in the Chilean
      mining sector (Inspirational Women in Mining Awards), which may enhance our attractiveness as a place to work and support talent retention.
•     Our global social value strategy may improve stakeholder relations, enhance community trust and increase investor confidence and demand for
      our commodities.
•     Greater clarity, transparency and standards associated with regulatory regimes that support and protect communities and the environment may
      increase requirements across our sector, generating competitive advantage for companies that have already invested in social and environmental
      performance.
•     Building our reputation for sustainable and responsible operating practices (such as through the Copper Mark, which was awarded to three of our
      copper assets in FY2022) may increase demand for some of our commodities and improve our access to talent and capital.

                                                                           101
Key management actions
•    The Our Requirements for Community and Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standards provide requirements and practices
     that are designed to strengthen our social, human rights and environmental performance. Our Human Rights Policy Statement, Water Stewardship
     Position Statement, Climate Transition Action Plan 2021 and Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement set out our targets, goals, commitments and/or
     approach to these matters.
•    Engaging in regular, open and transparent dialogue with stakeholders to better understand their expectations, concerns and interests, and
     undertaking research to better understand stakeholder perceptions.
•    Building social value into our decision-making process, along with financial considerations, including through our new social value framework
     and 2030 People, Planet and Prosperity goals.
•    Building stakeholder trust and contributing to environmental and community resilience, including through collaborating on shared challenges
     (such as climate change and water stewardship), enhanced external reporting of our operated assets’ potential impacts on biodiversity and
     maximising the value of social investments through our social investment strategy.
•    Conducting regular research and impact assessments for operated assets to better understand the social, environmental, human rights and
     economic context. This supports us to identify and analyse stakeholder, community and human rights impacts, including modern slavery risks and
     emerging issues. We also complete due diligence screening on suppliers through our Ethical Supply Chain and Transparency program.
•    Integrating closure into our planning, decision-making and other activities through the life cycle of our operated assets, as set out in our mandatory
     minimum performance requirements for closure.


FY2022 insights
Our exposure to risks with potentially significant social or environmental impacts increased in FY2022 due to environmental, political and regulatory
developments, and increasing societal expectations, including of regulators and other stakeholders on Indigenous peoples’ rights, climate change and the
potential impacts of our operations throughout the asset life cycle. We have continued to focus on improving engagement with Indigenous peoples,
including the protection of cultural heritage. The economic importance of biodiversity is increasingly at the forefront of investor considerations
(particularly following the Dasgupta Review in the United Kingdom in FY2021) and is expected to be strengthened through the development of
institutional frameworks, including the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures. The opportunity for BHP in measuring and ascribing value to
natural assets is to gain a better understanding of the value of environmental impacts and dependencies, and the risks they may pose to delivery of our
strategy, purpose and public targets, goals and commitments.


Further information
•    OFR 6 – People and culture
•    OFR 7.8 – Climate change
•    OFR 7.10 – Community
•    OFR 7.11 – Human rights
•    OFR 7.13 – Indigenous peoples
•    OFR 7.14 – Social investment
•    OFR 7.15 – Environment
•    OFR 7.16 – Water
•    OFR 7.17 –Biodiversity and land
•    bhp.com/sustainability


Inadequate business resilience
Examples of potential opportunities
•    Risk identification and management supports proactive, focused and prioritised deployment of resources to reduce exposure to adverse events. It
     may be used to inform priorities and strategies across BHP, supporting a proportionate and cost-effective response, which could provide a
     competitive advantage at a regional or global level.
•    Building wider organisational resilience may enable us to maintain dividends to shareholders amid adverse external events and make growth-
     generating, counter-cyclical investments, as well as to help us mitigate the impacts of unforeseeable adverse events. For example, we have
     developed new agile and remote ways of working in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which may also increase our resilience to other adverse
     events.
•    Adapting to climate change across our operations and value chain could enhance the safety, productivity and climate resilience of our operated
     assets, position BHP as a supplier of choice and provide competitive advantage (for example, by fulfilling our commitment to security of supply).
     Support for climate vulnerable communities and ecosystems may also improve our social value proposition.

                                                                           102
Key management actions
•     Implementing Group-wide controls to enhance business resilience, including BHP’s mandatory minimum performance requirements for security,
      crisis and emergency management and business continuity plans, and seeking to maintain an investment grade credit rating.
•     Monitoring our current state of readiness (preparedness, redundancy and resilience), including through scenario analysis and business resilience
      exercises, supporting organisational capability in our operations, functions and senior management to effectively and efficiently respond to and
      recover from adverse events should they materialise.
•     Monitoring the external environment, including political and economic factors, through signal monitoring, our geopolitical monitoring and public
      policy frameworks and our enterprise-level watch list of emerging themes, to support early identification of policy changes or adverse events for
      which we may need to increase preparedness.
•     Identifying security threats that could directly or indirectly impact our operations and people in countries of interest to BHP.
•     Implementing our Adaptation Strategy with respect to the physical risks of climate change, including requiring operated assets and functions to
      identify and progressively assess potential physical climate change risks (including to our value chain) and build climate change adaptation into
      their plans, activities and investments.
•     Sourcing quality, centralised climate data covering each of our operating locations so that our operated assets and functions have access to
      appropriate data to support climate studies that will inform investment decisions around enhancing our operational resilience.


FY2022 insights
Our exposure to risks associated with inadequate business resilience continued to grow in FY2022, with the external environment becoming increasingly
volatile. Key emerging themes (including social activism, international criminal enterprise, global terrorism, cyber threats and war) signal heightened
levels of global uncertainty and an increased likelihood of unexpected shocks or disruptions. At the same time, crisis events are increasing in frequency
and scale. Some of these events directly impacted our business during FY2022, including the emergence of new COVID-19 variants and flooding in
eastern and southern Australia (which flooded the road to Olympic Dam and impacted inbound critical consumables). In addition to continuing to build
organisational resilience to such threats, adaptation of our business to the potential physical impacts of climate change continues to be at the forefront of
our thinking, with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 6th Assessment Report noting the increased frequency and magnitude of climatic
events.


Further information
•     BHP Climate Change Report 2020
•     BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2021
•     OFR 7.8 – Climate change
•     OFR 7.12 – Security services
•     bhp.com/sustainability


Low-carbon transition
Examples of potential opportunities
•     Our copper, nickel, iron ore and metallurgical coal provide essential building blocks for renewable power generation and electric vehicles, and can
      play an important part in the transition to a low-carbon economy.
•     Our potash fertiliser options can promote more efficient and profitable agriculture and alleviate the increased competition for arable land.
•     Increased collaboration with customers, suppliers and original equipment manufacturers, such as BHP’s partnerships with HBIS Group, China
      Baowu, JFE, POSCO and Tata Steel to explore technologies to reduce GHG emissions across the steel value chain, can provide opportunities for
      the development of new products and markets.


Key management actions
•     Establishing public positions on, and mandatory minimum performance requirements for managing, climate change threats and opportunities,
      which are set out in our Climate Change Report 2020, our Climate Transition Action Plan 2021 and the Our Requirements for Environment and
      Climate Change standard.
•     Using climate-related scenarios (including our Paris-aligned 1.5°C scenario), themes and signposts (such as monitoring policy, regulatory, legal,
      technological, market and other societal developments) to evaluate the resilience of our portfolio and inform our strategy.
•     Considering transition risks (including carbon prices) when making capital expenditure decisions or allocating capital through our Capital
      Allocation Framework, supporting the prioritisation of capital and investment approval processes.
•     Seeking to mitigate our exposure to risks arising from policy and regulation in our operating jurisdictions and markets by reducing our operational
      GHG emissions and taking a product stewardship approach to GHG emissions in our value chain.
•     Advocating for the introduction of an effective, long-term policy framework that can deliver a measured transition to a low-carbon economy.

                                                                            103
FY2022 insights
Our exposure to transition risks decreased in FY2022 due to portfolio changes involving the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside and
divestment of our interests in BMC and Cerrejón. However, societal pressure for change continued to increase with many governments and
organisations making commitments to achieve GHG emissions targets within specified timeframes, including commitments at the United Nations
Climate Change Conference (COP 26) in November 2021. Investor and other stakeholder interest in understanding how climate change might impact
our strategy and portfolio continued to grow in FY2022, and stakeholder expectations of BHP regarding disclosure of climate-related information have
increased accordingly.


Further information
•    BHP Climate Change Report 2020
•    BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2021
•    OFR 3 – Positioning for the future
•    OFR 7.8 – Climate change
•    bhp.com/sustainability/climate-change


Adopting technologies and maintaining digital security
Examples of potential opportunities
•    Applying digital solutions across our operations and value chain may unlock greater productivity and safety performance. For example, using
     predictive analytics to enable operations to identify asset condition and efficiencies may improve safety, production and equipment availability,
     and reduce maintenance and other costs.
•    Technology solutions to reduce GHG emissions may support BHP, our suppliers and customers in achieving climate action targets. For example,
     BHP has become a founding partner of Komatsu’s GHG Alliance in the ongoing development of zero GHG emissions haul trucks.
•    Developing and applying artificial intelligence in mine planning, remote operation and advanced robotic technologies may identify or provide
     access to previously unknown or inaccessible deposits and development of end-to-end autonomous mining systems.
•    Using digital simulations and predictive trend modelling may enable us to optimise the deployment of new technologies, such as automation and
     electrification, support early identification of process variances and faults, and support the marketing of our products to customers.


Key management actions
•    Our assets, functions and projects are responsible for managing localised or project-specific exposure to technology and cyber risks, including
     risks associated with business- critical technology systems. Enterprise-level risks that are specific to technology, such as those that pose a greater
     threat to our wider business and strategic opportunities, are generally managed by our global Technology team and other relevant stakeholders to
     support delivery of our technology strategy.
•    We collaborate with industry and research partners to develop technological solutions.
•    Our Technology Risk Committee oversees the management and improvement of technology risks and controls, and supports the embedment of a
     sustainable risk culture in our Technology team.
•    We employ a number of measures designed to protect against, detect and respond to cyber events or attacks, including BHP’s mandatory minimum
     performance requirements for technology and cybersecurity, cybersecurity performance requirements for suppliers, cybersecurity resilience
     programs, an enterprise security framework and cybersecurity standards, cybersecurity risk and control guidance, security awareness programs
     and training to build capability, security assessments and continuous monitoring, restricted physical access to hardware and crisis management
     plans.


FY2022 insights
As we continued to leverage technology and enable digital transformation in FY2022, our exposure to associated risks increased. In particular, a
continued increase in the frequency and sophistication of cyber attacks against companies, as well as on supply chains and critical infrastructure (for
example, cyber attacks affecting South Africa Transfer Port Terminals and the Toronto Transit Commission) highlighted the importance of our ongoing
focus to strengthen management of cybersecurity risk across the Group. We continued to adopt digital technologies where appropriate, including through
the use of greater automation at our operations.


Further information
•    OFR 2.2

                                                                            104
Ethical misconduct
Examples of potential opportunities
•    Our capability to manage ethical misconduct risks may expand portfolio growth options by providing greater assurance that we can operate legally
     and ethically in high-risk jurisdictions.
•    Managing ethical misconduct risks in line with societal and stakeholder expectations may distinguish BHP from competitors and enhance our
     ability to raise capital, attract and retain talent, engage with governments and communities in new jurisdictions, obtain permits, partner with
     external organisations or suppliers, or market our products to customers.
•    Playing a leading role in the management of ethical misconduct risks, such as sexual harassment risks, may help BHP to increase ethical and
     behavioural standards across the resources industry.


Key management actions
•    Setting the ‘tone from the top’ through Our Charter, which is central to our business and describes our purpose, values and how we measure
     success.
•    Implementing internal policies, standards, systems and processes for governance and compliance to support an appropriate culture and prioritise
     respectful behaviours at BHP, including:
     {       Our Code of Conduct and BHP’s mandatory minimum performance requirements for business conduct, market disclosure and other
             matters
     {       training on Our Code of Conduct and in relation to anti-corruption, market conduct and competition
     {       ring fencing protocols to separate potentially competing businesses within BHP
     {       governance and compliance processes, including classification of sensitive transactions, as well as accounting, procurement and other
             internal controls, and tailored monitoring of control effectiveness
     {       oversight and engagement with high-risk areas by our Ethics and Investigations, Compliance and Internal Audit teams, and the Disclosure
             Committee
     {       review and endorsement by our Compliance team of the highest-risk transactions, such as gifts and hospitality, engagement of third parties,
             community donations and sponsorships above defined thresholds
     {       automated counterparty and transaction screening against lists of entities subject to trade sanctions
     {       our EthicsPoint anonymous reporting service, supported by an ethics and investigations framework and central investigations team
     {       our ‘Together we can stop sexual harassment’ campaign, launched across all our offices and sites in Australia, and ‘Stop for Safety’
             sessions held globally by our leaders to set expectations around racism, sexual harassment and other disrespectful behaviours
•    Continuing to enforce Our Code of Conduct via appropriate investigations and responses including disciplinary action, in addition to deployment
     of appropriate safety controls to prevent harm.
•    Requiring anti-corruption and human rights risks to be considered as part of our new country entry approval process.


FY2022 insights
Our exposure to ethical misconduct risks increased in FY2022, including due to continued exploration of, and investment in, potential growth options in
high-risk or less economically developed jurisdictions. Societal expectations regarding respectful behaviours in the workplace continued to grow. We
continued to implement and improve controls designed to create a safe and respectful workplace and prevent sexual harassment from occurring. The
ongoing conflict in Ukraine triggered the introduction of trade and financial sanctions by the United States, United Kingdom, European Union and other
jurisdictions against Russia, underscoring the importance of continued management of associated risks across our global operations.


Further information
•    Our Charter and Our Code of Conduct
•    OFR 7.5 – Sexual harassment
•    OFR 7.7 – Ethics and business conduct
•    Corporate Governance Statement

                                                                           105
10     Performance by commodity
Management believes the following information presented by commodity provides a meaningful indication of the underlying financial and operating
performance of the assets, including equity accounted investments, of each reportable segment. Information relating to assets that are accounted for as
equity accounted investments is shown to reflect BHP’s share, unless otherwise noted, to provide insight into the drivers of these assets.

For more information as to the statutory determination of our reportable segments, refer to Financial Statements note 1 ‘Segment reporting’.

Unit costs is one of our non-IFRS financial measures used to monitor the performance of our individual assets and is included in the analysis of each
reportable segment. For the definition and method of calculation of our non-IFRS financial measures, including Underlying EBITDA and Unit costs,
refer to OFR 11.


10.1    Copper
Detailed below is financial and operating information for our Copper assets comparing FY2022 to FY2021.

Year ended 30 June
US$M                                                                                                                                    2022      2021
Revenue                                                                                                                                 16,849    15,726
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                        8,565     8,489
Net operating assets                                                                                                                    27,420    26,928
Capital expenditure                                                                                                                      2,528     2,180
Total copper production (kt)                                                                                                             1,574     1,636
Average realised prices
  Copper (US$/lb)                                                                                                                         4.16       3.81


Key drivers of Copper’s financial results
Price overview
Our average realised sales price for FY2022 was US$4.16 per pound (FY2021: US$3.81 per pound). Copper prices spent much of FY2022 trading
around historic highs, buoyed by robust demand, low visible inventories, delays to new copper projects and Russian supply risks. However, prices fell in
two stages in the June quarter. The first decline was due to the demand impact of China’s COVID-19 lockdowns. The second was due to recession
speculation in advanced economies. We believe mine supply and scrap collection will grow in the coming few years, covering near-term demand
growth. Longer term, traditional end-use demand is expected to be solid, while broad exposure to the electrification megatrend offers attractive upside.


Production
Total Copper production for FY2022 decreased by 4 per cent to 1,574 kt.

Escondida copper production decreased by 6 per cent to 1,004 kt primarily due to concentrator feed grade decline of 4 per cent, public road blockades
affecting access to site for both workers and supplies, and the impact of a reduced operational workforce from COVID-19. Despite these challenges,
Escondida achieved record material mined for FY2022 and near record concentrator throughput of 367 ktpd.

Pampa Norte copper production increased by 29 per cent to 281 kt reflecting the ramp up of the Spence Growth Option (SGO), partially offset by the
impact of lower cathode production as a result of a 14 per cent decline in Pampa Norte stacking feed grade.

Olympic Dam copper production decreased by 33 per cent to 138 kt as a result of the major smelter maintenance campaign (SCM21) completed in
January 2022 which was delayed due to COVID-19 impacts on the availability of the workforce. Near record production in the June 2022 quarter
followed the successful ramp up of the smelter to full capacity in April 2022. Average copper grade of 2.14 per cent was achieved in FY2022 as the
majority of material mined is from the Southern Mine Area.

Antamina copper production increased by 4 per cent to 150 kt, reflecting higher copper head grades. Zinc production decreased by 15 per cent to 123 kt
reflecting lower zinc head grades.

                                                                           106
Financial results
Copper revenue increased by US$1.1 billion to US$16.8 billion in FY2022 due to higher average realised Copper prices offset by lower production.

Underlying EBITDA for Copper increased by US$76 million to US$8.6 billion. Price impacts, net of price-linked costs, increased Underlying EBITDA
by US$1.0 billion. Lower volumes decreased Underlying EBITDA by US$652 million.

Controllable cash costs increased by US$107 million, due to higher costs at Escondida in line with record material mined and workforce bonus
payments for renewal of a collective bargaining agreement, and also at Spence from a ramp up of concentrate volumes. In addition, controllable costs
increased at both Escondida and Pampa Norte due to costs associated with the implementation of COVID-19 preventative measures (reported as an
exceptional item in the prior year). This was partially offset by favourable inventory movements at Escondida and Spence as well as lower costs at
Olympic Dam reflecting favourable inventory movements due to reduced operational activity during the major smelter maintenance campaign. In the
prior year, costs benefited from a one-off gain from cancelled power contracts at Escondida and Spence.

Inflation and higher input prices for diesel, acid and consumables negatively impacted Underlying EBITDA by US$408 million and US$295 million
respectively, partially offset by favourable foreign exchange rate movements of US$497 million. Equity accounted investment profits attributable to
Antamina increased by US$97 million due to higher realised prices for both copper and zinc.

Escondida unit costs increased by 20 per cent to US$1.20 per pound at realised exchange rates. This reflected strong cost discipline despite higher prices
for consumables, workforce bonus payments following renewal of a new collective bargaining agreement and a one-off gain recorded in the prior year
due to cancelled power contracts as part of Escondida’s transition to renewable electricity. Costs associated with a planned material mined increase of
approximately 20 per cent, incremental costs associated with COVID-19 preventative measures and lower by-product credits also contributed to higher
unit costs. These increases were partially offset by lower power prices achieved by Escondida’s transition towards 100 per cent renewable electricity.

The calculation of Escondida unit costs is set out in the table below.

Escondida unit costs
(US$M)                                                                                                                             FY2022        FY2021
Revenue                                                                                                                              9,500         9,470
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                    6,198         6,483
Gross costs                                                                                                                          3,302         2,987
Less: by-product credits                                                                                                               430           478
Less: freight                                                                                                                          230           162
Net costs                                                                                                                            2,642         2,347
Sales (kt)                                                                                                                           1,001         1,066
Sales (Mlb)                                                                                                                          2,206         2,350
Cost per pound (US$)1,2,3                                                                                                             1.20          1.00

1     FY2022 based on average exchange rates of USD/CLP 811.
2     FY2022 includes COVID-19 related costs of US$0.02 per pound, which was reported as an exceptional item in FY2021 (FY2021: US$0.03 per
      pound).
3     FY2021 includes a one off gain from the optimised outcome from renegotiation of cancelled power contracts of US$0.04 per pound.

Outlook
Total Copper production of between 1,635 and 1,825 kt is expected in FY2023. Escondida production of between 1,080 and 1,180 kt is expected in
FY2023, reflecting an expected increase in concentrator feed grade compared to FY2022. Production at Pampa Norte is expected to be between 240 and
290 kt in FY2023, reflecting a forecast decline in stacking feed grade at Pampa Norte, the commencement of plant design modifications at SGO and the
continued transition towards the planned closure of Cerro Colorado at the end of CY2023. At Olympic Dam, production is expected to be between 195
and 215 kt in FY2023.

Antamina Copper production is expected between 120 and 140 kt in FY2023.

Escondida unit costs in FY2023 are expected to be between US$1.25 and US$1.45 per pound (based on an exchange rate of USD/CLP 830). This
largely reflects inflationary pressures, including expected further price increases for consumables, and planned higher costs to study the potential to
increase optionality at Escondida longer term. In the medium term, unit cost guidance for Escondida has been revised to less than US$1.15 per pound
from less than US$1.10 per pound (based on an exchange rate of USD/CLP 830), reflecting inflation, the impact of higher power consumption and
increased water costs. Medium-term production guidance for Escondida of 1.2 Mtpa on average over the next five years remains unchanged.

The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 20-F and can be found in our
Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2021, filed on 21 September 2021.

                                                                           107
10.2   Iron Ore
Detailed below is financial and operating information for our Iron Ore assets comparing FY2022 to FY2021.

Year ended 30 June
US$M                                                                                                                                   2022     2021
Revenue                                                                                                                                30,767   34,475
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                      21,707   26,278
Net operating assets                                                                                                                   16,823   18,663
Capital expenditure                                                                                                                     1,848    2,188
Total iron ore production (Mt)                                                                                                            253      254
Average realised prices
  Iron ore (US$/wmt, FOB)                                                                                                              113.10   130.56


Key drivers of Iron Ore’s financial results
Price overview
Iron Ore’s average realised sales price for FY2022 was US$113.10 per wet metric tonne (wmt) (FY2021: US$130.56 per wmt). The iron ore market was
firm for much of the second half of FY2022, supported by resilient demand, constrained supply of competing scrap in China, and lower than expected
seaborne supply from some low-cost and swing suppliers. As a result, Chinese port stocks declined steadily for much of the period. Near the close of the
year, weakening sentiment within the steel value chain fed back into lower prices for iron ore. Looking ahead, the key near-term uncertainties are the
pace of steel end-use sector recovery in China, how the Chinese authorities will administer steel production cuts in the remainder of CY2022, and the
performance of seaborne supply. In the medium term, China’s demand for iron ore is expected to be lower than it is today as crude steel production
plateaus and the scrap-to-steel ratio rises. In the long term, prices are expected to be determined by high-cost production, on a value-in-use adjusted
basis, from Australia or Brazil. It is imperative that we continue to compete on both quality and operational effectiveness.


Production
Total Iron Ore production was in line with the prior period.

WAIO production of 249 Mt (283 Mt on a 100 per cent basis) was in line with the prior period, reflecting continued strong supply chain performance
and favourable weather compared to the prior period, offset by the impacts of temporary labour constraints relating to COVID-19, planned major
maintenance including the Jimblebar train load out and car dumper one. Our preventative maintenance programs continue to underpin the strength of the
WAIO supply chain, delivering increased car dumper, reclaimer and ship loader availability year on year and enabling record sales volumes of 284 Mt
(100 per cent basis).

South Flank ramp up to full production capacity of 80 Mtpa (100 per cent basis) is ahead of schedule with an average rate of 67Mtpa achieved in the
June 2022 quarter contributing to record production from the Mining Area C hub and record lump sales.

Samarco production of 4.1 Mt (BHP share) reflected the ramp up of production to capacity, following the recommencement of iron ore pellet production
at one concentrator in December 2020.


Financial results
Total Iron Ore revenue decreased by US$3.7 billion to US$30.8 billion in FY2022 reflecting lower average realised prices.

Underlying EBITDA for Iron Ore decreased by US$4.6 billion to US$21.7 billion primarily due to lower average realised prices, net of price linked
costs, of US$4.0 billion and higher operating cash costs of US$431 million. The higher cash costs are primarily a result of South Flank operational ramp
up spend, increased rail maintenance, incremental costs associated with COVID-19 (mainly higher demurrage costs due to delays, reported as an
exceptional item in the prior year) and inventory movements to support the supply chain. Other items such as inflation and higher fuel and energy costs
negatively impacted Underlying EBITDA by US$392 million. This was partially offset by favourable foreign exchange rate impacts of US$332 million.

WAIO unit costs increased by 13 per cent to US$16.81 per tonne at realised exchange rates. The increase in unit cost was mainly due to higher diesel
prices, costs associated with the ramp up of South Flank, higher rail track maintenance costs, and costs associated with COVID-19 of approximately
US$0.50 per tonne, which has been taken to unit costs in this period but reported as an exceptional item in the prior period. The cost increase was
partially offset by the impact of favourable exchange rate movements.

                                                                          108
The calculation of WAIO unit costs is set out in the table below.

WAIO unit costs
(US$M)                                                                                                                               FY2022     FY2021
Revenue                                                                                                                               30,632     34,337
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                     21,788     26,270
Gross costs                                                                                                                            8,844      8,067
Less: freight1                                                                                                                         2,497      1,755
Less: royalties                                                                                                                        2,134      2,577
Net costs                                                                                                                              4,213      3,735
Sales (kt, equity share)                                                                                                             250,688    252,052
Cost per tonne (US$)2,3                                                                                                                16.81      14.82

1     Year on year increase of freight costs driven by higher diesel prices and vessel demand increases from global supply chain pressures relating to
      COVID-19.
2     FY2022 based on an average realised exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.73.
3     FY2022 includes COVID-19 related costs of US$0.50 per tonne (including US$0.22 per tonne relating to operations and US$0.28 per tonne
      relating to demurrage). FY2021 excluded COVID-19 related costs of US$0.51 per tonne (including US$0.25 per tonne relating to operations and
      US$0.26 per tonne relating to demurrage) that was reported as an exceptional item. In FY2021 an additional US$0.12 per tonne relating to capital
      projects was also reported as an exceptional item.


Outlook
WAIO production for FY2023 is expected to increase to between 246 and 256 Mt (278 and 290 Mt on a 100 per cent basis) reflecting the tie-in of the
port debottlenecking project (PDP1) and the continued ramp up of South Flank.

Samarco production of between 3 and 4 Mt (BHP share) is expected in FY2023.

Unit costs in FY2023 are expected to be between US$18 and US$19 per tonne (based on an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.72). In the medium term, unit
costs have been revised to less than US$17 per tonne reflecting updated guidance exchange rates (based on an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.72) and
inflationary pressures, and our plan to creep production to greater than 300 Mtpa.

The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 20-F and can be found in our
Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2021, filed on 21 September 2021.

                                                                           109
10.3   Coal
Detailed below is financial and operating information for our Coal assets comparing FY2022 to FY2021.

Year ended 30 June
US$M                                                                                                                                      2022       2021
Revenue                                                                                                                                   15,549      5,154
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                          9,504        288
Net operating assets                                                                                                                       7,650      7,512
Capital expenditure                                                                                                                          621        579
Total metallurgical coal production (Mt)                                                                                                      37         41
Total energy coal production (Mt)                                                                                                             18         19
Average realised prices
  Metallurgical coal (US$/t)                                                                                                              347.10    106.64
     Hard coking coal (HCC) (US$/t)                                                                                                       366.82    112.72
     Weak coking coal (WCC) (US$/t)                                                                                                       296.51     89.62
  Thermal coal (US$/t)                                                                                                                    216.78     58.42


Key drivers of Coal’s financial results
Price overview
Metallurgical coal
Our average realised sales price for FY2022 was US$366.82 per tonne for hard coking coal (HCC) (FY2021: US$112.72 per tonne) and US$296.51 per
tonne for weak coking coal (WCC) (FY2021: US$89.62 per tonne). Metallurgical coal prices surged to record highs in the second half of FY2022 on
firm rest of world demand, uncertainty over Russia and multi-regional, multi-causal supply disruptions. The deterioration in rest of world steelmaking
profitability late in the June quarter saw prices descend from their extreme highs. The industry faces a difficult and uncertain period ahead. Natural trade
flows are impaired, including uncertainty around China’s import policy and Russian coal supply. The regulatory environment has also become less
conducive to long-life capital investment. Long term, we believe that a wholesale shift away from blast furnace steelmaking is still decades in the future.
That assessment is based on our bottom-up analysis of likely regional steel decarbonisation pathways, as discussed in our Climate Transition Action
Plan. Demand for seaborne Hard Coking Coals (HCC) is expected to expand alongside the growth of the steel industry in hard coking coal importing
countries such as India.


Energy coal
Our average realised sales price for FY2022 was US$216.78 per tonne (FY2021: US$58.42 per tonne). The Newcastle 6,000 kcal/kg price reached a
record high in May 2022 due to very strong demand and constrained supply. Trade flow redirection from Asia to Europe due to the Russian invasion of
Ukraine, gas-to-coal switching as LNG prices spiked upwards, and hot weather in major importing regions, all contributed to the swift run-up in pricing.
Longer term, total primary energy derived from coal (power and non-power) is expected to be challenged, particularly under deep decarbonisation
scenarios, where demand is expected to decline in absolute terms.


Production
Metallurgical coal
Metallurgical coal production consisted of BMA production and BMC production up to 3 May 2022 when the divestment of our interest in BMC
completed.

BMA production decreased by 9 per cent to 29 Mt (58 Mt on a 100 per cent basis). Record production at the Broadmeadow mine was more than offset
by significant wet weather impacts across most BMA operations and labour constraints, including COVID-19 related absenteeism which impacted
stripping and mine productivity.

BMC production decreased by 9 per cent to 8 Mt due to the divestment of our 80 per cent interest in BMC to Stanmore Resources Limited on 3 May
2022.


Energy coal
Energy coal production consisted of NSWEC production and Cerrejón production up to 11 January 2022 when the divestment of our interest in Cerrejón
completed.

NSWEC production decreased by 4 per cent to 14 Mt, reflecting lower volumes due to an increased proportion of washed coal to capitalise on higher
margins for higher-quality coals, COVID-19 related labour constraints which impacted stripping performance and mine productivity, and wet weather.
Higher-quality coals made up almost 90 per cent of sales compared to approximately 60 per cent of sales in the prior year.

Cerrejón production decreased by 15 per cent to 4 Mt due to the divestment of our interest on 11 January 2022.

                                                                            110
Financial results
Coal revenue increased by US$10.4 billion to US$15.5 billion in FY2022 mainly due to higher average realised prices.

Underlying EBITDA for Coal increased by US$9.2 billion to US$9.5 billion. Price impacts, net of price-linked costs, increased Underlying EBITDA by
US$8.1 billion combined with the higher contribution of BMC of US$1.4 billion, mainly due to higher realised prices, prior to the divestment of our
80 per cent interest. Lower volumes decreased Underlying EBITDA by US$341 million and other items such as inflation and fuel and energy costs also
negatively impacted Underlying EBITDA by US$279 million. This was partially offset by favourable foreign exchange rate impacts of US$268 million.

BMA unit costs1 increased by 8 per cent to US$89 per tonne primarily due to lower volumes following significant wet weather impacts across most
BMA operations and labour constraints, including COVID-19 related absenteeism which impacted stripping and mine productivity, and higher diesel
and electricity prices. This was partially offset by cost reduction initiatives and favourable exchange rate movements.

NSWEC unit costs increased by 10 per cent to US$71 per tonne reflecting lower volumes due to an increased proportion of washed coal to capitalise on
higher margins for higher-quality coals and COVID-19 related labour constraints which impacted stripping performance and mine productivity
combined with higher diesel and electricity prices. This was partially offset by cost reduction initiatives and favourable exchange rate movements.

The calculation of BMA and NSWEC unit costs is set out in the table below:

                                                                                                            BMA unit costs1        NSWEC unit costs
US$M                                                                                                       FY2022   FY2021         FY2022  FY2021
Revenue                                                                                                     10,254     3,537         3,034      839
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                            6,335       567         1,807     (169)
Gross costs                                                                                                  3,919     2,970         1,227    1,008
Less: freight                                                                                                   50        54             –         –
Less: royalties                                                                                              1,282       275           227       66
Net costs                                                                                                    2,587     2,641         1,000      942
Sales (kt, equity share)                                                                                    29,049    31,958        14,124   14,626
Cost per tonne (US$)2,3                                                                                      89.06     82.64         70.80    64.41

1     Queensland Coal unit costs no longer reported as the divestment of BHP’s 80 per cent interest in BMC to Stanmore Resources Limited was
      completed on 3 May 2022.
2     FY2022 based on an average realised exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.73.
3     FY2022 includes COVID-19 related costs of US$0.24 per tonne and US$0.57 per tonne, which was reported as an exceptional item in FY2021
      (FY2021: US$0.98 and US$0.40 per tonne) relating to BMA and NSWEC respectively.


Outlook
BMA coal production for FY2023 is expected to be between 29 and 32 Mt (58 and 64 Mt on a 100 per cent basis).

NSWEC production for FY2023 is expected to be between 13 and 15 Mt reflecting a continued focus on higher-quality coals.

BMA unit costs in FY2023 are expected to be between US$90 and US$100 per tonne (based on an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.72) as a result of
continued higher diesel and electricity prices. We remain focused on cost reduction and productivity initiatives, however given the ongoing uncertainty
regarding restrictions on coal imports into China and the announcement of the change to the Queensland royalty regime, we are unable to provide
medium-term volume and unit cost guidance. We are seeking to preserve low-cost incremental growth optionality in our portfolio with a focus on
higher-quality coking coals.

NSWEC unit costs in FY2023 are expected to be between US$76 and US$86 per tonne (based on an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.72) reflecting
inflationary pressures, higher port toll charges at the NCIG coal export terminal and a continued focus on higher-quality coals, offset by mine plan
optimisation, productivity improvements and cost reduction initiatives.

The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 20-F and can be found in our
Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2021, filed on 21 September 2021.

                                                                           111
10.4     Other assets
Detailed below is an analysis of Other assets’ financial and operating performance comparing FY2022 to FY2021.


Nickel West
Key drivers of Nickel West’s financial results
Price overview
Our average realised sales price for FY2022 was US$23,275 per tonne (FY2021: US$16,250 per tonne). The nickel market was in deficit across the
2021 calendar year and early 2022. Visible inventories were drawn down steeply, putting upward pressure on prices. These tight fundamentals emerged
due to a combination of strong demand from conventional end-use sectors, rapid growth in the electric vehicle value chain, uncertainty over the actual
and potential loss of supply from Russia, and constrained Class-1 supply in the 2021 calendar year. These forces culminated in a dramatic spike in LME
prices in March 2022. Prices have since fallen back to levels before the Russian invasion of Ukraine due to recession fears, alongside other exchange-
traded metals. Longer term, we believe nickel will be a core beneficiary of the electrification mega-trend and that nickel sulphides will be particularly
attractive.


Production
Nickel West production in FY2022 decreased by 14 per cent to 77 kt due to the significant impacts of COVID-19 related labour absenteeism and
workforce shortages, and unplanned downtime at the oxygen plant leading to a 15-day smelter outage in the June 2022 quarter.


Financial results
Higher average realised sales prices resulted in revenue increasing by US$381 million to US$1.9 billion in FY2022.

Nickel West’s Underlying EBITDA increased from US$259 million in FY2021 to US$420 million in FY2022, reflecting higher average realised prices
and favourable exchange rate movements. This was partially offset by lower volumes mainly due to the significant impacts of COVID-19 related labour
absenteeism and workforce shortages, unplanned downtime at the oxygen plant leading to a 15-day smelter outage in the June 2022 quarter, and the
adverse impacts of the stronger nickel price on third-party concentrate purchase costs.


Outlook
Nickel West production for FY2023 is expected to be between 80 and 90 kt, weighted to the second half of the year due to planned smelter maintenance
in the first half.


Potash
Potash recorded an Underlying EBITDA loss of US$147 million in FY2022, and a loss of US$167 million in FY2021.

The comparison for the year ended 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 20-F and can be found in our
Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2021, filed on 21 September 2021.


10.5     Impact of changes to commodity prices
The prices we obtain for our products are a key driver of value for BHP. Fluctuations in these commodity prices affect our results, including cash flows
and asset values. The estimated impact of changes in commodity prices in FY2022 on our key financial measures is set out below.

                                                                                                  Impact on profit
                                                                                                 after taxation from                    Impact on
                                                                                                     Continuing                         Underlying
                                                                                                 operations (US$M)                    EBITDA (US$M)
US¢1/lb on copper price                                                                                            22                              31
US$1/t on iron ore price                                                                                          160                             228
US$1/t on metallurgical coal price                                                                                 16                              23
US$1/t on energy coal price                                                                                         9                              13
US¢1/lb on nickel price                                                                                             1                               1

                                                                           112
11   Non-IFRS financial information
We use various non-IFRS financial information to reflect our underlying financial performance.

Non-IFRS financial information is not defined or specified under the requirements of IFRS, but is derived from the Group’s Consolidated Financial
Statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. The non-IFRS financial information and the below reconciliations included in this document are
unaudited. The non-IFRS financial information presented is consistent with how management review financial performance of the Group with the Board
and the investment community.

Sections 1.1 and 1.2 outline why we believe non-IFRS financial information is useful and the calculation methodology. We believe non-IFRS financial
information provides useful information, however should not be considered as an indication of, or as a substitute for, statutory measures as an indicator
of actual operating performance (such as profit or net operating cash flow) or any other measure of financial performance or position presented in
accordance with IFRS, or as a measure of a company’s profitability, liquidity or financial position.

Comparative periods have been adjusted for the effects of applying IFRS 5 ‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations’ and
discloses them on the same basis as the current period figures.

The following tables provide reconciliations between non-IFRS financial information and their nearest respective IFRS measure.


Exceptional items
To improve the comparability of underlying financial performance between reporting periods, some of our non-IFRS financial information adjusts the
relevant IFRS measures for exceptional items. For more information on exceptional items refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

Exceptional items are those gains or losses where their nature, including the expected frequency of the events giving rise to them, and impact is
considered material to the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements. The exceptional items included within the Group’s profit from Continuing and
Discontinued operations for the financial years are detailed below.

                                                                                                                                    2021         2020
                                                                                                                       2022         US$M         US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                     US$M        Restated     Restated
Continuing operations
Revenue                                                                                                                      –            –            –
Other income                                                                                                               840           34          489
Expenses excluding net finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairments                                          (494)        (545)      (1,019)
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                –            –            –
Net impairments                                                                                                              –       (2,371)        (409)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                                                  (676)      (1,456)        (508)
Profit/(loss) from operations                                                                                             (330)      (4,338)      (1,447)
Financial expenses                                                                                                        (290)         (85)         (93)
Financial income                                                                                                             –            –            –
Net finance costs                                                                                                         (290)         (85)         (93)
Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                                                             (620)      (4,423)      (1,540)
Income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                                              (454)      (1,057)         239
Royalty-related taxation (net of income tax benefit)                                                                         –            –            –
Total taxation (expense)/benefit                                                                                          (454)      (1,057)         239
Profit/(loss) after taxation from Continuing operations                                                                 (1,074)      (5,480)      (1,301)
Discontinued operations
Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations                                                                8,159         (317)          (4)
Profit/(loss) after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                 7,085       (5,797)      (1,305)
     Total exceptional items attributable to non-controlling interests                                                       –          (24)        (201)
     Total exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders                                                            7,085       (5,773)      (1,104)
Exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders per share (US cents)                                                  140.0       (114.2)       (21.9)
Weighted basic average number of shares (Million)                                                                        5,061        5,057        5,057

                                                                           113
Non-IFRS financial information derived from Consolidated Income Statement
Underlying attributable profit

                                                                                                                 2022      2021   2020
Year ended 30 June                                                                                               US$M      US$M US$M
Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations attributable to BHP shareholders               30,900    11,304 7,956
Total exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders1                                                        (7,085)    5,773 1,104
Underlying attributable profit                                                                                   23,815    17,077 9,060

1    For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

Underlying basic earnings per share

                                                                                                      2022           2021         2020
Year ended 30 June                                                                                   US cents       US cents     US cents
Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                                       610.6         223.5        157.3
Exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders per share1                                          (140.0)        114.2          21.9
Underlying basic earnings per ordinary share                                                            470.6         337.7        179.2

1    For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations

                                                                                                                    2021     2020
                                                                                                           2022     US$M     US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                        US$M     Restated Restated
Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations attributable to BHP shareholders         30,900   11,304    7,956
(Profit)/loss after taxation from Discontinued operations attributable to members of BHP                  (10,655)     225     (108)
Total exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders1                                                  (7,085)   5,773    1,104
Total exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders for Discontinued operations2                       8,159     (317)       (4)
Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations                                                     21,319   16,985    8,948

1    For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.
2    For more information refer to Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’.

Underlying basic earnings per share – Continuing operations

                                                                                                                       2021       2020
                                                                                                          2022         US$M       US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                        US$M        Restated   Restated
Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations                                                    21,319       16,985      8,948
Weighted basic average number of shares (Million)                                                          5,061        5,057      5,057
Underlying attributable earnings per ordinary share – Continuing operations (US cents)                     421.2        335.9      176.9

Underlying EBITDA

                                                                                                                  2021     2020
                                                                                                           2022   US$M     US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                         US$M Restated Restated
Profit from operations                                                                                     34,106 25,515   13,683
Exceptional items included in profit from operations1                                                         330   4,338   1,447
Underlying EBIT                                                                                            34,436 29,853   15,130
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                       5,683   5,084   4,667
Net impairments                                                                                               515   2,507     482
Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1                                        –  (2,371)   (409)
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                          40,634 35,073   19,870

1    For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

                                                                           114
Underlying EBITDA – Segment

                                                                                                                      Group and
                                                                                                                      unallocated
Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                  items/
US$M                                                                             Copper      Iron Ore      Coal      eliminations2       Total Group
Profit from operations                                                             6,249       18,823      9,582              (548)            34,106
Exceptional items included in profit from operations1                                 81          648       (849)               450               330
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                              1,765        2,203        762                953             5,683
Net impairments                                                                      470           33          9                  3               515
Underlying EBITDA                                                                  8,565       21,707      9,504                858            40,634

                                                                                                                        Group and
Year ended 30 June 2021                                                                                                 unallocated
US$M                                                                                                                       items/
Restated                                                                          Copper     Iron Ore       Coal       eliminations2     Total Group
Profit from operations                                                             6,665       22,975      (2,144)            (1,981)         25,515
Exceptional items included in profit from operations1                                144        1,319       1,567              1,308            4,338
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                              1,608        1,971         845                660            5,084
Net impairments                                                                       72           13       1,077              1,345            2,507
Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1               –            –      (1,057)            (1,314)          (2,371)
Underlying EBITDA                                                                  8,489       26,278         288                 18          35,073

                                                                                                                        Group and
Year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                 unallocated
US$M                                                                                                                       items/
Restated                                                                           Copper      Iron Ore     Coal       eliminations2     Total Group
Profit from operations                                                              1,362        12,310       793               (782)         13,683
Exceptional items included in profit from operations1                               1,228           614        18               (413)          1,447
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                               1,740         1,608       807                512           4,667
Net impairments                                                                       426            22        14                 20             482
Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1             (409)            –         –                  –            (409)
Underlying EBITDA                                                                   4,347        14,554     1,632               (663)         19,870

1    For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.
2    Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations, including Potash, Nickel West, legacy assets, and consolidation
     adjustments.

                                                                           115
                                                          Exceptional                                         Exceptional items
                                                             items                                               included in
                                                          included in       Depreciation                        Depreciation,
Year ended 30 June 2022                  Profit from      profit from          and                  Net       amortisation and     Underlying
US$M                                     operations       operations1       amortisation        impairments    impairments1         EBITDA
Potash                                           (149)               –                 2                  –                   –          (147)
Nickel West                                       327                –                91                  2                   –           420
Corporate, legacy assets and
  eliminations                                   (726)             450                   860             1                    –           585
Total                                            (548)             450                   953             3                    –           858

                                                           Exceptional                                        Exceptional items
                                                              items                                              included in
Year ended 30 June 2021                                    included in          Depreciation                    Depreciation,
US$M                                      Profit from      profit from              and             Net       amortisation and     Underlying
Restated                                  operations       operations1          amortisation    impairments     impairments1        EBITDA
Potash                                         (1,489)            1,320                     2         1,314              (1,314)         (167)
Nickel West                                        146                3                    79            31                   –           259
Corporate, legacy assets and
  eliminations                                   (638)             (15)                  579              –                   –           (74)
Total                                          (1,981)           1,308                   660          1,345              (1,314)           18

                                                           Exceptional                                        Exceptional items
                                                              items                                              included in
Year ended 30 June 2020                                    included in          Depreciation                    Depreciation,
US$M                                      Profit from      profit from              and             Net       amortisation and     Underlying
Restated                                  operations       operations1          amortisation    impairments     impairments1        EBITDA
Potash                                            (130)               –                     3             –                   –          (127)
Nickel West                                       (113)               5                    68             3                   –           (37)
Corporate, legacy assets and
  eliminations                                   (539)            (418)                  441            17                    –          (499)
Total                                            (782)            (413)                  512            20                    –          (663)

1    For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

                                                                          116
Underlying EBITDA margin

                                                                                                                        Group and
                                                                                                                        unallocated
Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                    items/
US$M                                                                            Copper      Iron Ore       Coal        eliminations1       Total Group
Revenue – Group production                                                       13,946       30,748       15,549              1,860             62,103
Revenue – Third-party products                                                    2,903           19            –                  73             2,995
Revenue                                                                          16,849       30,767       15,549              1,933             65,098
Underlying EBITDA – Group production                                              8,529       21,707        9,504                 858            40,598
Underlying EBITDA – Third-party products                                             36            –            –                   –                36
Underlying EBITDA2                                                                8,565       21,707        9,504                 858            40,634
Segment contribution to the Group’s Underlying EBITDA3                            22%           54%         24%                                   100%
Underlying EBITDA margin4                                                         61%           71%         61%                                    65%

                                                                                                                        Group and
Year ended 30 June 2021                                                                                                 unallocated
US$M                                                                                                                       items/
Restated                                                                        Copper      Iron Ore        Coal       eliminations1       Total Group
Revenue – Group production                                                       13,482       34,457        5,154              1,543             54,636
Revenue – Third-party products                                                    2,244           18             –                23              2,285
Revenue                                                                          15,726       34,475        5,154              1,566             56,921
Underlying EBITDA – Group production                                              8,425       26,277          288                 18             35,008
Underlying EBITDA – Third-party products                                             64            1             –                  –                65
Underlying EBITDA2                                                                8,489       26,278          288                 18             35,073
Segment contribution to the Group’s Underlying EBITDA3                             24%          75%           1%                                  100%
Underlying EBITDA margin4                                                          62%          76%           6%                                   64%

                                                                                                                        Group and
Year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                 unallocated
US$M                                                                                                                       items/
Restated                                                                        Copper      Iron Ore        Coal       eliminations1       Total Group
Revenue – Group production                                                        9,577       20,782        6,242              1,191             37,792
Revenue – Third-party products                                                    1,089           15             –                28              1,132
Revenue                                                                          10,666       20,797        6,242              1,219             38,924
Underlying EBITDA – Group production                                              4,306       14,561        1,632               (663)            19,836
Underlying EBITDA – Third-party products                                             41           (7)            –                  –                34
Underlying EBITDA2                                                                4,347       14,554        1,632               (663)            19,870
Segment contribution to the Group’s Underlying EBITDA3                             21%          71%           8%                                  100%
Underlying EBITDA margin4                                                          45%          70%          26%                                   52%

1    Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations, including Potash, Nickel West, legacy assets, and consolidation
     adjustments. Revenue not attributable to reportable segments comprises the sale of freight and fuel to third parties. Exploration and technology
     activities are recognised within relevant segments.
2    We differentiate sales of our production from sales of third-party products to better measure the operational profitability of our operations as a
     percentage of revenue. These tables show the breakdown between our production and third-party products, which is necessary for the calculation
     of the Underlying EBITDA margin and margin on third-party products.
     We engage in third-party trading for the following reasons:
      •     Production variability and occasional shortfalls from our assets means that we sometimes source third-party materials to ensure a steady
            supply of product to our customers.
      •     To optimise our supply chain outcomes, we may buy physical product from third parties.
      •     To support the development of liquid markets, we will sometimes source third-party physical products and manage risk through both the
            physical and financial markets.
3    Percentage contribution to Group Underlying EBITDA, excluding Group and unallocated items.
4    Underlying EBITDA margin excludes third-party products.

                                                                          117
Effective tax rate

                                                     2022                                2021 (Restated)                      2020 (Restated)
                                       Profit before Income tax                Profit before Income tax             Profit before Income tax
                                         taxation      expense                   taxation       expense               taxation       expense
Year ended 30 June                        US$M          US$M          %           US$M           US$M         %        US$M           US$M         %
Statutory effective tax rate                  33,137     (10,737)     32.4           24,292       (10,616)   43.7         12,825        (4,197)   32.7
Adjusted for:
Exchange rate movements                           –           (233)                        –         (33)                     –             41
Exceptional items1                              620            454                     4,423       1,057                  1,540           (239)
Adjusted effective tax rate                  33,757        (10,516)   31.2            28,715      (9,592)    33.4        14,365         (4,395)   30.6

1    For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.


Non-IFRS financial information derived from Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Capital and exploration expenditure

                                                                                                                                   2021        2020
                                                                                                                    2022           US$M        US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                  US$M          Restated    Restated
Capital expenditure (purchases of property, plant and equipment)                                                     5,855          5,612       5,991
Add: Exploration expenditure                                                                                           256            192         176
Capital and exploration expenditure (cash basis) – Continuing operations                                             6,111          5,804       6,167
Capital expenditure (purchases of property, plant and equipment) – Discontinued operations                           1,050            994         909
Add: Exploration expenditure – Discontinued operations                                                                 384            322         564
Capital and exploration expenditure (cash basis) – Discontinued operations                                           1,434          1,316       1,473
Capital and exploration expenditure (cash basis) – Total operations                                                  7,545          7,120       7,640


Free cash flow

                                                                                                                                2021     2020
                                                                                                                      2022      US$M     US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                    US$M     Restated Restated
Net operating cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                    29,285    25,883   14,685
Net investing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                    (4,973)   (6,325)  (6,583)
Free cash flow – Continuing operations                                                                                 24,312    19,558    8,102
Net operating cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                   2,889     1,351    1,021
Net investing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                                    (904)   (1,520)  (1,033)
Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                         (683)        –        –
Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                  (399)        –        –
Free cash flow – Discontinued operations                                                                                  903      (169)     (12)
Free cash flow – Total operations                                                                                      25,215    19,389    8,090

                                                                         118
Non-IFRS financial information derived from Consolidated Balance Sheet
Net debt and gearing ratio

                                                                                                                          2022         2021      2020
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                        US$M         US$M      US$M
Interest bearing liabilities – Current                                                                                     2,622        2,628     5,012
Interest bearing liabilities – Non current                                                                                13,806       18,355    22,036
Total interest bearing liabilities                                                                                        16,428       20,983    27,048
Comprising:
     Borrowing                                                                                                            13,852       17,087    23,605
     Lease liabilities                                                                                                     2,576        3,896     3,443
Less: Lease liability associated with index-linked freight contracts                                                         274        1,025     1,160
Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           17,236       15,246    13,426
     Less: Net debt management related instruments1                                                                       (1,688)         557       433
     Less: Net cash management related instruments2                                                                          273           34       (15)
Less: Total derivatives included in net debt                                                                              (1,415)         591       418
Net debt                                                                                                                     333        4,121    12,044
Net assets                                                                                                                48,766       55,605    52,175
Gearing                                                                                                                    0.7%         6.9%     18.8%

1    Represents the net cross currency and interest rate swaps included within current and non-current other financial assets and liabilities.
2    Represents the net forward exchange contracts related to cash management included within current and non-current other financial assets and
     liabilities.


Net debt waterfall

                                                                                                                                       2022       2021
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                    US$M       US$M
Net debt at the beginning of the period                                                                                                (4,121)   (12,044)
     Net operating cash flows                                                                                                          32,174     27,234
     Net investing cash flows                                                                                                          (6,959)    (7,845)
     Net financing cash flows                                                                                                         (22,767)   (17,922)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                   2,448      1,467
Carrying value of interest bearing liability net repayments                                                                             2,227      7,433
Carrying value of debt related instruments settlements/(proceeds)                                                                           –       (167)
Carrying value of cash management related instruments (proceeds)/settlements                                                             (247)       403
     Fair value adjustment on debt (including debt related instruments)                                                                     5         58
     Foreign exchange impacts on cash (including cash management related instruments)                                                      27         (1)
     Lease additions                                                                                                                     (736)    (1,079)
     Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations                                                                               492          –
     Other                                                                                                                               (428)      (191)
Non-cash movements                                                                                                                       (640)    (1,213)
Net debt at the end of the period                                                                                                        (333)    (4,121)

                                                                           119
Net operating assets
The following table reconciles Net operating assets for the Group to Net assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

                                                                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                                                                       2022        US$M
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                     US$M       Restated
Net assets                                                                                                                             48,766      55,605
Less: Non-operating assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              (17,236)   (15,246)
Trade and other receivables1                                                                                                               (72)      (280)
Other financial assets2                                                                                                                 (1,363)    (1,516)
Current tax assets                                                                                                                        (263)      (279)
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                        (56)    (1,912)
Assets held for sale                                                                                                                         –       (324)
Petroleum Discontinued operations operating assets3                                                                                          –    (13,757)
Add: Non-operating liabilities
Trade and other payables4                                                                                                                 201         227
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                           16,428      20,983
Other financial liabilities5                                                                                                            1,851         588
Current tax payable                                                                                                                     3,032       2,800
Non-current tax payable                                                                                                                    87         120
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                3,063       3,314
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale                                                                               –          17
Petroleum Discontinued operations operating liabilities3                                                                                    –       5,684
Net operating assets                                                                                                                   54,438      56,024
Net operating assets
Copper                                                                                                                                 27,420      26,928
Iron Ore                                                                                                                               16,823      18,663
Coal                                                                                                                                    7,650       7,512
Group and unallocated items6                                                                                                            2,545       2,921
Total                                                                                                                                  54,438      56,024

1     Represents loans to associates, external finance receivable and accrued interest receivable included within other receivables.
2     Represents cross currency and interest rate swaps, forward exchange contracts related to cash management and investment in shares, other
      investments and receivables contingent on outcome of future events relating to mining and regulatory approvals.
3     Represents the Petroleum operating assets and operating liabilities as at 30 June 2021 that were merged with Woodside on 1 June 2022.
4     Represents accrued interest payable included within other payables.
5     Represents cross currency and interest rate swaps and forward exchange contracts related to cash management.
6     Group and unallocated items include functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Nickel West, legacy assets, and consolidation
      adjustments.

                                                                            120
Other non-IFRS financial information
Principal factors that affect Revenue, Profit from operations and Underlying EBITDA
The following table describes the impact of the principal factors that affected Revenue, Profit from operations and Underlying EBITDA for FY2022 and
relates them back to our Consolidated Income Statement. For information on the method of calculation of the principal factors that affect Revenue,
Profit from operations and Underlying EBITDA refer to OFR 11.2.

                                                                                      Total expenses,
                                                                                      Other income                       Depreciation,
                                                                                      and Loss from                    amortisation and
                                                                                          equity                       impairments and
                                                                                        accounted       Profit from      Exceptional        Underlying
                                                                          Revenue      investments      operations          Items            EBITDA
                                                                           US$M           US$M            US$M              US$M              US$M
Year ended 30 June 2021 (Restated)
Revenue                                                                    56,921
Other income                                                                                     380
Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                         (30,871)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and
  expenses                                                                                      (915)
Total other income, expenses excluding net finance costs and Loss from
   equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                            (31,406)
Profit from operations                                                                                      25,515
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1                                                                                       7,591
Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and impairments                                                          (2,371)
Exceptional items                                                                                                                 4,338
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                               35,073
Change in sales prices                                                       7,267              (673)         6,594                   –          6,594
Price-linked costs                                                               –            (1,047)        (1,047)                  –         (1,047)
Net price impact                                                             7,267            (1,720)         5,547                   –          5,547
Change in volumes                                                           (1,235)               23         (1,212)                  –         (1,212)
Operating cash costs                                                             –              (473)          (473)                  –           (473)
Exploration and business development                                             –               (67)           (67)                  –            (67)
Change in controllable cash costs2                                               –              (540)          (540)                  –           (540)
Exchange rates                                                                  (3)            1,183          1,180                   –          1,180
Inflation on costs                                                               –              (867)          (867)                  –           (867)
Fuel, energy, and consumable price movements                                     –              (660)          (660)                  –           (660)
Non-cash                                                                         –                (3)            (3)                  –             (3)
One-off items                                                                    –                 –              –                   –              –
Change in other costs                                                           (3)             (347)          (350)                  –           (350)
Asset sales                                                                      –                 2              2                   –              2
Ceased and sold operations                                                   1,482               186          1,668                   –          1,668
Other                                                                          666              (220)           446                   –            446
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments                                       –              (978)          (978)                978              –
Exceptional items                                                                –             4,008          4,008              (4,008)             –
Year ended 30 June 2022
Revenue                                                                    65,098
Other income                                                                                   1,398
Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                         (32,371)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and
  expenses                                                                                       (19)
Total other income, expenses excluding net finance costs and Loss from
   equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                            (30,992)
Profit from operations                                                                                      34,106
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments1                                                                                       6,198
Exceptional item included in Depreciation, amortisation and impairments                                                               –
Exceptional items                                                                                                                   330
Underlying EBITDA                                                                                                                               40,634

1     Depreciation and impairments that we classify as exceptional items are excluded from depreciation, amortisation and impairments. Depreciation,
      amortisation and impairments includes non-exceptional impairments of US$515 million (FY2021: US$136 million).
2     Collectively, we refer to the change in operating cash costs and change in exploration and business development as Change in controllable cash
      costs. Operating cash costs by definition do not include non-cash costs. The change in operating cash costs also excludes the impact of exchange
      rates and inflation, changes in fuel, energy costs and consumable costs, changes in exploration and business development costs and one-off items.
      These items are excluded so as to provide a consistent measurement of changes in costs across all segments, based on the factors that are within
      the control and responsibility of the segment.

                                                                           121
Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE)

                                                                                                                                                2022          2021              2020
Year ended 30 June                                                                                                                              US$M          US$M              US$M
Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                                               33,055        13,451             8,736
Exceptional items1                                                                                                                              (7,085)        5,797             1,305
Subtotal                                                                                                                                        25,970        19,248            10,041
Adjusted for:
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                   1,128          1,305           911
Exceptional items included within net finance costs1                                                                                                 (290)           (85)          (93)
Income tax expense on net finance costs                                                                                                              (287)          (337)         (267)
Profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and exceptional items                                                                            26,521         20,131        10,592
Net assets at the beginning of the period                                                                                                          55,605         52,175        51,753
Net debt at the beginning of the period                                                                                                             4,121         12,044         9,446
Capital employed at the beginning of the period                                                                                                    59,726         64,219        61,199
Net assets at the end of the period                                                                                                                48,766         55,605        52,175
Net debt at the end of the period                                                                                                                     333          4,121        12,044
Capital employed at the end of the period                                                                                                          49,099         59,726        64,219
Average capital employed                                                                                                                           54,413         61,973        62,709
Underlying return on capital employed                                                                                                              48.7%          32.5%         16.9%

1      For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.


Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE) by segment

                                                                                                                   Group and
                                                                                                                   unallocated                            Petroleum
Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                               items/           Total             Discontinued           Total
US$M                                                                   Copper       Iron Ore         Coal         eliminations1      Continuing           operations            Group
Profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and
  exceptional items                                                         3,981     13,896         6,293                 (256)            23,914                  2,607           26,521
Average capital employed                                                   24,310     15,275         6,893                3,196             49,674                  4,739           54,413
Underlying return on capital employed                                        16%        91%           91%                     –             48.1%                       –           48.7%

                                                                                                                   Group and
Year ended 30 June 2021                                                                                            unallocated                            Petroleum
US$M                                                                                                                  items/            Total            Discontinued               Total
Restated                                                               Copper       Iron Ore         Coal         eliminations1       Continuing          operations                Group
Profit after taxation excluding net finance costs and
  exceptional items                                                         4,191     16,640          (454)                (395)            19,982                    149           20,131
Average capital employed                                                   23,710     16,042         8,262                4,470             52,484                  9,489           61,973
Underlying return on capital employed                                        18%       104%            (5%)                   –             38.1%                   1.6%            32.5%

1      Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Nickel West, legacy assets and consolidation
       adjustments.


Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE) by asset

                                                                                                                                 New
                                      Western                                                                                   South
                                      Australia   BHP                                                                           Wales                            Petroleum
Year ended 30 June 2022                 Iron    Mitsubishi               Nickel         Pampa Olympic                           Energy                 Total    Discontinued Total
US$M                                    Ore      Alliance       Antamina West Escondida Norte  Dam                   Potash      Coal1     Other     Continuing operations Group
Profit after taxation excluding net
  finance costs and exceptional
  items                                 14,051         4,153         684     250     3,346      81         (9)         (123)      1,309       172        23,914             2,607 26,521
Average capital employed                18,783         6,725       1,284     650     9,891   4,380      8,660         3,321        (413)   (3,607)       49,674             4,739 54,413
Underlying return on capital
  employed                                75%          62%          53%     38%      34%       2%             (0)%       (4)%         –         –        48.1%                 –     48.7%

                                                                                                                                 New
                                      Western                                                                                   South
Year ended 30 June 2021               Australia     BHP                                                                         Wales                            Petroleum
US$M                                    Iron      Mitsubishi             Nickel         Pampa Olympic                           Energy                 Total    Discontinued         Total
Restated                                Ore        Alliance     Antamina West Escondida Norte  Dam                   Potash      Coal      Other     Continuing  operations          Group
Profit after taxation excluding net
  finance costs and exceptional
  items                                 16,665           (13)        593     136     3,281     302        214             5        (203)    (998)        19,982               149    20,131
Average capital employed                18,661         6,796       1,353     295    10,353   3,760      8,021         3,710         269     (734)        52,484             9,489    61,973
Underlying return on capital
  employed                                89%           (0%)        44%      46%      32%      8%            3%         0%        (75%)         –        38.1%              1.6%     32.5%

1      NSWEC has not been shown as ROCE is distorted by negative capital employed due to the rehabilitation provision being the primary balance
       remaining on Balance Sheet following previous impairments.

                                                                                       122
11.1   Definition and calculation of non-IFRS financial information

 Non-IFRS financial                Reasons why we believe the non-IFRS                        Calculation methodology
 information                       financial information are useful
 Underlying attributable profit    Allows the comparability of underlying financial           Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued
                                   performance by excluding the impacts of exceptional        operations attributable to BHP shareholders excluding
                                   items.                                                     any exceptional items attributable to BHP
                                                                                              shareholders.
                                   Allows the comparability of underlying financial
  Underlying attributable profit   performance by excluding the impacts of exceptional        Underlying attributable profit from Continuing
  – Continuing operations          items and the contribution of Discontinued operations      operations also excludes the contribution of
                                   and is also the basis on which our dividend payout ratio   Discontinued operations from the above metrics.
                                   policy is applied.
  Underlying basic earnings per    On a per share basis, allows the comparability of          Underlying attributable profit divided by the weighted
  share                            underlying financial performance by excluding the          basic average number of shares.
                                   impacts of exceptional items.
  Underlying basic earnings per                                                               Underlying attributable profit – Continuing operations
                                   On a per share basis, allows the comparability of
  share – Continuing operations                                                               divided by the weighted basic average number of
                                   underlying financial performance by excluding the
                                                                                              shares.
                                   impacts of exceptional items and the contribution of
                                   Discontinued operations.
  Underlying EBITDA                Used to help assess current operational profitability      Earnings before net finance costs, depreciation,
                                   excluding the impacts of sunk costs (i.e. depreciation     amortisation and impairments, taxation expense,
                                   from initial investment). Each is a measure that           Discontinued operations and exceptional items.
                                   management uses internally to assess the performance       Underlying EBITDA includes BHP’s share of
                                   of the Group’s segments and make decisions on the          profit/(loss) from investments accounted for using the
                                   allocation of resources.                                   equity method including net finance costs,
                                                                                              depreciation, amortisation and impairments and
                                                                                              taxation expense/(benefit).
  Underlying EBITDA margin                                                                    Underlying EBITDA excluding third-party product
                                                                                              EBITDA, divided by revenue excluding third-party
                                                                                              product revenue.
  Underlying EBIT                  Used to help assess current operational profitability      Earnings before net finance costs, taxation expense,
                                   excluding net finance costs and taxation expense (each     Discontinued operations and any exceptional items.
                                   of which are managed at the Group level) as well as        Underlying EBIT includes BHP’s share of profit/(loss)
                                   Discontinued operations and any exceptional items.         from investments accounted for using the equity
                                                                                              method including net finance costs and taxation
                                                                                              expense/(benefit).
  Profit from operations                                                                      Earnings before net finance costs, taxation expense
                                                                                              and Discontinued operations. Profit from operations
                                                                                              includes Revenue, Other income, Expenses excluding
                                                                                              net finance costs and BHP’s share of profit/(loss) from
                                                                                              investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                              including net finance costs and taxation
                                                                                              expense/(benefit).

                                                                       123
Non-IFRS financial            Reasons why we believe the non-IFRS                         Calculation methodology
information                   financial information are useful
Capital and exploration       Used as part of our Capital Allocation Framework to         Purchases of property, plant and equipment and
expenditure                   assess efficient deployment of capital. Represents the      exploration expenditure including the contribution of
                              total outflows of our operational investing expenditure.    Discontinued operations
Capital and exploration       Represents the total outflows of our operational            Purchases of property, plant and equipment and
expenditure – Continuing      investing expenditure excluding the contribution of         exploration expenditure.
operations                    Discontinued operations.
Free cash flow                It is a key measure used as part of our Capital             Net operating cash flows less net investing cash flows.
                              Allocation Framework. Reflects our operational cash
                              performance inclusive of investment expenditure,
Free cash flow – Continuing                                                               Net operating cash flows from Continuing operations
                              which helps to highlight how much cash was generated
operations                                                                                less net investing cash flows from Continuing
                              in the period to be available for the servicing of debt
                                                                                          operations.
                              and distribution to shareholders.
                              Reflects our operational cash performance inclusive of
                              investment expenditure, but excluding the contribution
                              of Discontinued operations.
Net debt                      Net debt shows the position of gross debt less index-       Interest bearing liabilities less liability associated with
                              linked freight contracts offset by cash immediately         index-linked freight contracts less cash and cash
                              available to pay debt if required and any associated        equivalents less net cross currency and interest rate
                              derivative financial instruments. Liability associated      swaps less net cash management related instruments
                              with index-linked freight contracts, which are required     for the Group at the reporting date.
                              to be remeasured to the prevailing freight index at each
                              reporting date, are excluded from the net debt
                              calculation due to the short-term volatility of the index
                              they relate to not aligning with how the Group uses net
                              debt for decision making in relation to the Capital
                              Allocation Framework. Net debt includes the fair value
                              of derivative financial instruments used to hedge cash
                              and borrowings to reflect the Group’s risk management
                              strategy of reducing the volatility of net debt caused by
                              fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates.
Gearing ratio                 Net debt, along with the gearing ratio, is used to          Ratio of Net debt to Net debt plus Net assets.
                              monitor the Group’s capital management by relating
                              net debt relative to equity from shareholders.
Net operating assets          Enables a clearer view of the assets deployed to            Operating assets net of operating liabilities, including
                              generate earnings by highlighting the net operating         the carrying value of equity accounted investments and
                              assets of the business separate from the financing and      predominantly excludes cash balances, loans to
                              tax balances. This measure helps provide an indicator       associates, interest bearing liabilities, derivatives
                              of the underlying performance of our assets and             hedging our net debt, assets held for sale, liabilities
                              enhances comparability between them.                        directly associated with assets held for sale and tax
                                                                                          balances.

                                                                   124
Non-IFRS financial             Reasons why we believe the non-IFRS                      Calculation methodology
information                    financial information are useful
Underlying return on capital   Indicator of the Group’s capital efficiency and is       Profit after taxation excluding exceptional items and
employed (ROCE)                provided on an underlying basis to allow comparability   net finance costs (after taxation) divided by average
                               of underlying financial performance by excluding the     capital employed.
                               impacts of exceptional items.
                                                                                        Profit after taxation excluding exceptional items and
                                                                                        net finance costs (after taxation) is profit after taxation
                                                                                        from Continuing and Discontinued operations
                                                                                        excluding exceptional items, net finance costs and the
                                                                                        estimated taxation impact of net finance costs. These
                                                                                        are annualised for a half year end reporting period.
                                                                                        The estimated tax impact is calculated using a prima
                                                                                        facie taxation rate on net finance costs (excluding any
                                                                                        foreign exchange impact).
                                                                                       Average capital employed is calculated as the average
                                                                                       of net assets less net debt for the last two reporting
                                                                                       periods.
Adjusted effective tax rate    Provides an underlying tax basis to allow comparability Total taxation expense/(benefit) excluding exceptional
                               of underlying financial performance by excluding the    items and exchange rate movements included in
                               impacts of exceptional items.                           taxation expense/(benefit) divided by Profit before
                                                                                       taxation from Continuing operations excluding
                                                                                       exceptional items.
Unit cost                      Used to assess the controllable financial performance   Ratio of net costs of the assets to the equity share of
                               of the Group’s assets for each unit of production. Unit sales tonnage. Net costs is defined as revenue less
                               costs are adjusted for site specific non controllable   Underlying EBITDA and excludes freight and other
                               factors to enhance comparability between the Group’s    costs, depending on the nature of each asset. Freight is
                               assets.                                                 excluded as the Group believes it provides a similar
                                                                                       basis of comparison to our peer group.

                                                                                        Escondida unit costs exclude:
                                                                                        •    by-product credits being the favourable impact of
                                                                                             by-products (such as gold or silver) to determine
                                                                                             the directly attributable costs of copper
                                                                                             production.

                                                                                        WAIO, BMA and NSWEC unit costs exclude:
                                                                                        •    royalties as these are costs that are not deemed to
                                                                                             be under the Group’s control, and the Group
                                                                                             believes exclusion provides a similar basis of
                                                                                             comparison to our peer group.

                                                                   125
11.2     Definition and calculation of principal factors
The method of calculation of the principal factors that affect the period on period movements of Revenue, Profit from operations and Underlying
EBITDA are as follows:

  Principal factor                         Method of calculation
  Change in sales prices                   Change in average realised price for each operation from the prior period to the current period, multiplied by
                                           current period sales volumes.
  Price-linked costs                       Change in price-linked costs (mainly royalties) for each operation from the prior period to the current period,
                                           multiplied by current period sales volumes.
  Change in volumes                        Change in sales volumes for each operation multiplied by the prior year average realised price less variable
                                           unit cost.
  Controllable cash costs                  Total of operating cash costs and exploration and business development costs.
  Operating cash costs                     Change in total costs, other than price-linked costs, exchange rates, inflation on costs, fuel, energy, and
                                           consumable price movements, non-cash costs and one-off items as defined below for each operation from the
                                           prior period to the current period.
  Exploration and business                 Exploration and business development expense in the current period minus exploration and business
  development                              development expense in the prior period.
  Exchange rates                           Change in exchange rate multiplied by current period local currency revenue and expenses.
  Inflation on costs                       Change in inflation rate applied to expenses with contractual links to inflation indexes, other than
                                           depreciation and amortisation, price-linked costs, exploration and business development expenses, expenses
                                           in ceased and sold operations and expenses in new and acquired operations.
  Fuel, energy, and consumable price       Fuel and energy expense and price differences above inflation on consumables in the current period minus
  movements                                fuel and energy expense in the prior period.
  Non-cash                                 Change in net impact of capitalisation and depletion of deferred stripping from the prior period to the current
                                           period.
  One-off items                            Change in costs exceeding a pre-determined threshold associated with an unexpected event that had not
                                           occurred in the last two years and is not reasonably likely to occur within the next two years.
  Asset sales                              Profit/(loss) on the sale of assets or operations in the current period minus profit/(loss) on sale of assets or
                                           operations in the prior period.
  Ceased and sold operations               Underlying EBITDA for operations that ceased or were sold in the current period minus Underlying EBITDA
                                           for operations that ceased or were sold in the prior period.
  Share of profit/(loss) from equity       Share of profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments for the current period minus share of profit/(loss)
  accounted investments                    from equity accounted investments in the prior period.
  Other                                    Variances not explained by the above factors.


12      Other information
12.1     Company details
Refer to page i for further information.


12.2     Forward Looking statements
Refer to page i for further information.


This Report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board.

Ken MacKenzie

Chair

Dated: 16 August 2022


                                                                           126
Governance

1   Corporate governance at BHP
Good corporate governance underpins the way we conduct business.

We are committed to the highest level of governance and strive to foster a culture that values and rewards exemplary ethical standards, personal and
corporate integrity and respect for others.

This Corporate Governance Statement sets out the corporate governance framework currently in place for the Group, including the key policies and
practices. These arrangements are consistent with:
•     the fourth edition of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations (ASX Fourth Edition);
      and
•     the governance requirements that apply to us as a result of our London Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listings and our
      registration with the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) in the United States.

The ASX Fourth Edition (available at asx.com.au) requires the Board to consider the application of the relevant corporate governance principles, while
recognising departures from those principles are appropriate in some circumstances. The Board considers that during FY2022, it complied with the ASX
Fourth Edition, with no exceptions.

This Corporate Governance Statement is current as at 2 September 2022 and has been approved by the Board.

More information about our corporate governance framework and practices can be found on our website at bhp.com/governance, which includes links to
our Appendix 4G and each of the publicly available documents referenced in this Corporate Governance Statement.


2   FY2022 corporate governance highlights




                                                                          127
3   BHP’s governance structure
The Board has ultimate responsibility for overseeing BHP’s governance. The role of the Board, as set out in the Board Governance Document, is to
represent shareholders and promote and protect the interests of BHP in the short and long term. The Board considers the interests of the Group’s
shareholders as a whole and the interests of other relevant stakeholders where appropriate.

The Chair is responsible for leading the Board and ensuring it operates to high governance standards. In particular, the Chair facilitates constructive
Board relations and the effective contribution of all Non-executive Directors.

The Group Company Secretary is accountable to the Board and advises the Chair and the Board and individual Directors on all matters of governance
process.

The Board has established Committees to assist it in exercising its authority, including monitoring the performance of BHP to gain assurance that
progress is being made towards our purpose within the limits imposed by the Board. These Committees include the Nomination and Governance
Committee, Risk and Audit Committee, Sustainability Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Each of these permanent Committees has a Terms
of Reference under which authority is delegated by the Board. These are available at bhp.com/governance.

The Board has extensive access to members of senior management who frequently attend Board and Committee meetings. Management make
presentations and engage in discussions with Directors, answer questions and provide input and perspective on their areas of responsibility. The Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) is accountable to the Board for the authority that is delegated to the CEO and for the performance of the Group. The CEO
works in a constructive partnership with the Board and is required to report regularly to the Board on progress.

The Board also holds discussions in the absence of management at each Board meeting.

The diagram below illustrates BHP’s governance structure.




                                                                            128
4     Board of Directors
4.1    Overview of the Board




The Board currently has 12 members. At the end of BHP’s 2022 Annual General Meeting (AGM), Malcolm Broomhead and John Mogford will be
stepping down from the Board.

The Directors’ qualifications, experience and special responsibilities are listed in Directors’ Report 2.1.

The Board Governance Document outlines the processes relating to the Board’s tasks and activities, the matters specifically reserved for Board decision
making, the authority delegated to the CEO and the accountability of the CEO for that authority, guidance on the management of the relationship
between the Board and the CEO, and the boundaries on CEO action.

                                                                             129
The matters reserved for the Board include:
•     CEO appointment and determination of the terms of the appointment
•     approval of the appointment of Executive Leadership Team (ELT) members, and material changes to the organisational structure involving direct
      reports to the CEO
•     strategy, annual budgets, balance sheet management and funding strategy
•     determination of commitments, capital and non-capital items, acquisitions and divestments above specified limits
•     performance assessment of the CEO and the Group
•     approving the Group’s values, Our Code of Conduct, purpose and risk appetite
•     management of Board composition, processes and performance
•     determination and adoption of documents (including the publication of reports and statements to shareholders) that are required by the Group’s
      constitutional documents, statute or by other external regulation

The Board Governance Document is available at bhp.com/governance.


4.2   Director independence
The Board is committed to ensuring that a majority of Directors are independent.

The Board has adopted a policy that it uses to determine the independence of its Directors. During FY2022, as part of the unification of our Dual Listed
Company structure, the Board amended the policy for changes arising from unification that were in line with the ASX Fourth Edition and current best
governance practice.

The Independence of Directors Policy is available at bhp.com/governance.


Determination of Director independence
The Board confirms that it considers all of the current Non-executive Directors, including the Chair, to be independent of management and any business,
interest or other relationship that could or could be perceived to materially interfere with the exercise of objective, unfettered or independent judgement
by the Director or the Director’s ability to act in the best interests of the BHP Group rather than an individual shareholder or other group.

A determination of independence is carried out upon a Director’s appointment, annually and at any other time where the change in circumstances of a
Director warrant reconsideration. Some Directors hold, or have previously held, positions in companies with which BHP has commercial relationships.
The Board has assessed the relationships between BHP and the companies in which Directors hold or held positions and has concluded that the
relationships do not interfere with the Directors’ exercise of objective, unfettered or independent judgement, or their ability to act in the best interests of
BHP.

For example, the Chair, Mr Ken MacKenzie, is a Strategic Advisor at Barrenjoey Capital Partners. Barrenjoey was established as a financial services
firm in September 2020 and provides strategic advisory and corporate finance services.

In 2020, the Board considered Mr MacKenzie’s proposed appointment and it was approved on the basis that Barrenjoey would not advise BHP and that
Mr MacKenzie himself would not advise on transactions or advise BHP competitors or our significant customers or suppliers.

During FY2022, at the request of the CEO, the Board reconsidered these conditions without Mr MacKenzie present. The Board considered that there
may be circumstances where it would be in the best interests of shareholders to permit Barrenjoey to advise the Group. For example, where other
advisers were conflicted or where Barrenjoey had specifically relevant expertise. The Board approved, without Mr MacKenzie present, the removal of
the restriction on Barrenjoey advising BHP, subject to the requirement that the CEO and the Senior Independent Director consult on any engagement on
a case by case basis and where appropriate they will seek approval from the independent directors of the engagement and the arrangements to manage
conflicts of interest. The other condition will continue and Mr MacKenzie himself will not advise on transactions or advise BHP competitors or our
significant customers or suppliers.

Accordingly, the Board is satisfied that Mr MacKenzie is able to continue to apply objective, unfettered and independent judgement and to act in the
best interests of BHP. The Board does not consider that Mr MacKenzie’s involvement with Barrenjoey to adversely impact his role or commitment to
BHP. In particular, Mr MacKenzie has committed to the Board that BHP would remain his priority.

Mr Broomhead is and was throughout FY2022, a Director and the Chair of Orica Limited (a company BHP has commercial dealings with). The BHP
Board assessed the relationship between BHP and Orica and remains satisfied that Mr Broomhead was and remained during FY2022 able to apply
objective, unfettered and independent judgement and to act in the best interests of BHP.


Conflicts of interest
In accordance with Australian law, if a situation arises for consideration where a Director has a material personal interest, the affected Director takes no
part in decision making unless approval is provided by the non-interested Directors. Provisions for Directors’ interests are set out in the Constitution of
BHP Group Limited.

                                                                              130
4.3   Board appointments and succession planning
BHP adopts a structured and rigorous approach to Board succession planning to guard against unforeseen departures and facilitate the orderly
replacement of current Directors, and oversees the development of a diverse pipeline. This process is continuous, allowing the Board to ensure there is a
right balance on the Board between experience and fresh perspectives, and the Board continues to be fit for purpose.

As part of this process, we are delighted to have appointed Michelle Hinchliffe and Catherine Tanna to our Board during FY2022. Malcolm Broomhead
and John Mogford will retire at the conclusion of the 2022 AGM, and we thank both Malcolm and John for their commitment to our ongoing success.

Before the Board formally appoints a person or puts a person forward for election, the Board, with the assistance of external consultants, will conduct
appropriate background and reference checks as to that person’s character, experience, education, criminal and bankruptcy history.

The Board has adopted a letter of appointment that contains the terms on which Non-executive Directors will be appointed, including the basis upon
which they will be indemnified by the Group. The letter of appointment defines the role of Directors, including the expectations in terms of
independence, participation, time commitment and continuous improvement. Written agreements are in place for all Non-executive Directors.


4.4   Director induction, training and development
Upon appointment, each new Non-executive Director undertakes an induction program tailored to their needs.

Following the induction program, Non-executive Directors participate in continuous improvement activities through a training and development
program, which is overseen by the Nomination and Governance Committee to help ensure that Directors, individually and collectively develop and
maintain the skills and knowledge to assist them in performing their role effectively. The training and development program is periodically reviewed to
maximise effectiveness and to ensure it is tailored to Directors’ needs and the Board’s areas of focus.

Throughout the year, the Chair discusses development areas with each Director. Board Committees review and agree their needs for more briefings. The
benefit of this approach is that induction and learning opportunities can be tailored to Directors’ Committee memberships, as well as the Board’s specific
areas of focus. This approach is also intended to ensure a coordinated process on succession planning, Board renewal, training and development and
Committee composition. In turn, these processes are relevant to the Nomination and Governance Committee’s role in identifying appropriate
Non-executive Director candidates.

Examples of activities in the training and development program include:
•     briefings and development sessions to provide each Director with a deeper understanding of the activities, environment, key issues and direction
      of the assets, along with broader sustainability and geopolitical considerations
•     site visits to provide insights into key issues at the site and to provide an opportunity for direct engagement with stakeholders
•     engagement with the Forum on Corporate Responsibility (FCR), which comprises civil society leaders in various fields of sustainability, to discuss
      FCR members’ views on current and emerging trends and risks


4.5   Director skills, experience and attributes
Overarching statement of Board requirements
At BHP, we know that inclusive and diverse teams are safer and more productive. This is because people in these teams feel safe to speak up, share their
ideas and different points of view, and work together to solve problems and make better decisions.

The BHP Board is no different and believes that its membership should comprise Directors with a broad range of skills and diversity in order for the
Board to:
•     provide the breadth and depth of understanding necessary to effectively create long-term shareholder value
•     protect and promote the interests of BHP and the creation of social value
•     ensure the talent, capability and culture of BHP to support the long-term delivery of our strategy


Attributes and commitment to role
All Directors are expected to comply with Our Code of Conduct, act with integrity, lead by example and promote the desired culture.

The Board believes each Non-executive Director has demonstrated the attributes of sufficient time to undertake the responsibilities of the role, honesty
and integrity, and a preparedness to question, challenge and critique throughout the year through their participation in Board meetings, and the other
activities that they have undertaken in their roles.

                                                                            131
Skills matrix
The Board, supported by the Nomination and Governance Committee, reviews the skills and diversity represented by the Directors on the Board and
determines whether the composition and mix of those skills remains appropriate to achieve BHP’s purpose and strategy.

The Board maintains a skills matrix which identifies the skills and experience the Board needs for the next period of BHP’s development, considering
BHP’s circumstances and the changing external environment.

The Board has redesigned its Board skills matrix to identify the future facing skills that the Board intends to build, acquire and retain over the medium
term in anticipation of its needs as it pursues its strategy of securing growth options in future facing commodities. The new Board skills matrix not only
indicates the skills that the Board currently possesses, but also provides an illustration of the new skills that the Board intends to acquire, and indicates
the preferred manner in which it intends to acquire them.

The Board collectively possesses all the skills and experience set out in the skills matrix, and each Director satisfies the Board requirements and
attributes discussed above.

                                                                                                                                                 Number of
Skills and attributes                                                                                                                            Directors
Mining
Senior executive who has deep operating or technical mining experience with a large company operating in multiple countries;
successfully optimised and led a suite of large, global, complex operating assets that have delivered consistent and sustaining levels of                   4
high performance (related to cost, returns and throughput); successfully led exploration projects with proven results and performance;
delivered large capital projects that have been successful in terms of performance and returns; and a proven record in terms of health,
safety and environmental performance and results.
Global experience
Global experience gained from working, managing business units and residing in multiple geographies over an extended period of time,                      10
including a deep understanding of and experience with global markets, and macro-political and economic environments.
Strategy
Senior executive who has had accountability for enterprise-wide strategy development and implementation in industries with long cycles,                   12
and developing and leading business transformation strategies.
Commodity value chain and customers
End-to-end value or commodity chain experience – understanding of consumers and customers, marketing demand drivers (including                            10
specific geographic markets) and other aspects of commodity chain development.
Financial acumen
Extensive experience and the capability to evaluate financial statements and understand key financial drivers of the business, bringing a                 12
deep understanding of corporate finance and internal financial controls.
Operating risk
Extensive experience with the development and oversight of complex frameworks focused on the identification, assessment and                                11
assurance of operational workplace, health, safety and environmental risks.
Technology
Recent experience and expertise with the development, selection and implementation of leading and business transforming technology                          6
and innovation, and responding to digital disruption.
Capital allocation and cost efficiency
Extensive direct experience gained through a senior executive role in capital allocation discipline, cost efficiency and cash flow, with                  10
proven long-term performance.
Social value, community and stakeholder engagement
Extensive track record of positive external stakeholder engagement including in relation to community issues and social responsibility.                     8
In-depth understanding of public policy, government relations and the intersection between value generation and corporate reputation.

                                                                             132
4.6    Board evaluation
The Board has adopted a policy under which all Non-executive Directors seek re-election annually.

The Board is committed to transparency in assessing the performance of Directors. The Board conducts regular evaluations of its performance, the
performance of its Committees, the Group Chair, Directors and the governance processes that support the Board’s work.

The evaluation considers the balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the Group and the Board, its diversity, including gender
diversity, and how the Board works together as a unit.

Internal evaluations of the Board, its Committees and Directors were conducted in FY2022. An external board review is conducted approximately every
three years and was not conducted in FY2022 and is scheduled for CY2023.


Review of individual Director performance
In FY2022, an assessment was conducted of each Director’s performance with the assistance of external service provider, Lintstock. Lintstock does not
have any other connection with the Group or individual Directors.

The assessment of Directors focused on the contribution of each Director to the work of the Board and its Committees, and the expectations of Directors
as set out in BHP’s governance framework. In addition, the assessment focused on how each Director contributes to Board cohesion and effective
relationships with fellow Directors, commits the time required to fulfil their role and effectively performs their responsibilities. Directors were asked to
comment on areas where their fellow Directors contribute the greatest value and on potential areas for development.

Lintstock provided feedback received to the Chair, which was then discussed with Directors. Feedback relating to the Chair was discussed with the
Chair by the Senior Independent Director. As a result of these outcomes, the review supported the Board’s decision to endorse those Directors standing
for re-election.


Committee assessments
Following an assessment of its work, each Committee concluded that it had met the requirements under its Terms of Reference in FY2022.


5     Board Committees
For Committee attendance and members during FY2022 refer to Directors’ Report 2.2.


5.1    Nomination and Governance Committee
Members
Ken MacKenzie (Chair), Terry Bowen, Gary Goldberg, Christine O’Reilly


Role and focus
The Nomination and Governance Committee oversees and monitors renewal and succession planning, Board and Director performance evaluation,
Director training and development, and advises and makes recommendations on the Group’s governance practices.

More information on the role and responsibilities of the Nomination and Governance Committee can be found in its Terms of Reference, which is
available at bhp.com/governance.


Committee activities in FY2022 included:
Succession planning processes
•     Review of skills and experience matrix
•     Identification of suitable Non-executive Director candidates
•     Board and Committee succession
•     Partnering with search firms regarding candidate searches

                                                                            133
Evaluation and training
•     Board evaluation and Director development
•     2022 training and development program
•     Director induction

Corporate governance practices
•     Independence of Non-executive Directors
•     Authorisation of situations of actual or potential conflict
•     Crisis management


5.2   Risk and Audit Committee
Members
Terry Bowen (Chair), Xiaoqun Clever, Ian Cockerill, Michelle Hinchliffe, Christine O’Reilly


Role and focus
The Risk and Audit Committee (RAC) oversees and monitors financial reporting, other periodic reporting, external and internal audit, capital
management, and risk (including effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal control).

More information on the role and responsibilities of the RAC can be found in its Terms of Reference, which is available at bhp.com/governance.


US committee membership requirements
The Board is satisfied that Terry Bowen meets the audit committee financial expert requirements under the US Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) Rules. In addition, he is the Board’s nominated ‘audit committee financial expert’ for the purposes of the SEC Rules.

The Board is also satisfied that the Committee meets the independence criteria under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act.


Committee activities in FY2022 included:
Integrity of Financial Statements and funding matters
•     Accounting matters for consideration, materiality limits, half-year and full-year results
•     Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX) compliance
•     Financial governance procedures
•     Funding loan and guarantee updates
•     Samarco dam failure provision, including related provisions and contingent liabilities
•     Carrying value of other long-term assets
•     Climate change in financial reporting
•     Closure and rehabilitation provisions
•     Disputes and litigation updates


External Auditor and integrity of the audit process
•     Status and results of the external audit
•     Management and External Auditor closed sessions
•     Audit plan and review of the External Auditor’s performance
•     External Auditor independence and non-audit services


Effectiveness of systems of internal control and risk management
•     Material risk reports including updates on BHP’s Risk Framework, our most significant risks, performance against risk appetite, emerging risks
      and signals, and risk culture
•     Internal audit reports, annual internal audit plan and review of performance of the Internal Audit team
•     Compliance, Ethics and Investigations reports including on sexual harassment, regulatory compliance reports, and grievance and investigation
      processes
•     Reserves and resources updates

The RAC assists the Remuneration Committee with reviewing the audited parts of the Remuneration Report.

                                                                            134
5.3   Sustainability Committee
Members
Gary Goldberg (Chair), Ian Cockerill, John Mogford, Catherine Tanna, Dion Weisler


Role and focus
The Sustainability Committee oversees and monitors material health, safety, environment and community (HSEC) matters, including the adequacy of
the Group’s HSEC Framework and HSEC Management Systems, and the Group’s HSEC reporting and performance. This includes consideration of
existing HSEC issues, such as climate, safety and Indigenous and human rights, as well as emerging areas of HSEC risk for the Group.

More information on the role and responsibilities of the Sustainability Committee can be found in its Terms of Reference, which is available at
bhp.com/governance.


Committee activities in FY2022 included:
Assurance and adequacy of the HSEC Framework and HSEC Management Systems
•     Review of key HSEC risks
•     Site visits and asset deep dives that include updates on key HSEC matters and HSEC performance and an opportunity to engage directly with the
      workforce
•     Review of internal audit reports and approval of the HSEC components of the internal audit plan
•     Review of the HSE function and Group HSE Officer


Compliance and reporting
•     Review of sustainability reporting, including consideration of processes for preparation and assurance provided by EY
•     Review of BHP’s Modern Slavery Statement


Performance
•     Review of BHP’s performance on HSEC matters, including cultural heritage, community relations, greenhouse gas emissions targets and goals,
      closure and rehabilitation, biodiversity and human rights
•     Monitoring against the FY2018–FY2022 HSEC targets
•     Approving and recommending to the Board, the Group’s 2030 goals which form part of the new social value framework
•     Review of performance outcomes under the FY2022 HSEC performance metrics and considering HSEC performance metrics for FY2023

For information on sustainability matters refer to OFR 7.

                                                                          135
5.4   Remuneration Committee
Members
Christine O’Reilly (Chair), Catherine Tanna, Dion Weisler


Role and focus
The Remuneration Committee oversees and monitors the remuneration framework and practices (including the adoption of incentive plans and levels of
reward for the CEO and other ELT members), compliance with applicable requirements associated with remuneration matters and the review, at least
annually, of remuneration by gender.

More information on the role and responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee can be found in its Terms of Reference, which is available at
bhp.com/governance.


Committee activities in FY2022 included:
Remuneration of the ELT and the Board
•     Remuneration of the CEO, other ELT members and the Group Company Secretary
•     Remuneration arrangements for ELT members upon appointment
•     The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on remuneration
•     Considering remuneration implications of unification and the merger of Petroleum and Woodside Energy Group Limited
•     Performance measures, performance levels and incentive award outcomes
•     Long-Term Incentive Plan sector peer group review
•     Chair fees


Other remuneration matters
•     Remuneration by gender
•     Annual Remuneration Report
•     Shareholder engagement
•     Shareplus enrolment update


Other
•     Induction, training and development program
•     Board Committee procedures, including closed sessions

The Sustainability Committee and the RAC assist the Remuneration Committee in determining appropriate HSEC and financial metrics, respectively, to
be included in senior executive scorecards and in assessing performance against those measures.

For more information on the Remuneration Committee’s work refer to the 2022 Remuneration Report.

                                                                         136
6     Management
Below the level of the Board, key management decisions are made by the CEO, the ELT, management committees and members of management in
accordance with their delegated authority.


6.1    Executive Leadership Team




                                                                    137
6.2    Senior management succession
A senior management succession process is conducted to support pipeline stability for critical roles. A talent deep dive is conducted by the Board at least
once a year to evaluate these pipelines, including the diversity of the pipeline.

Senior management succession is viewed from a five-year perspective that considers the readiness of successors across time horizons, contexts and
future capability demands. Select Board members are involved in the interview process for executive-level appointments one level below the CEO and
occasionally for roles two levels below the CEO. Appropriate checks are undertaken before appointing a member of the ELT. BHP has a written
agreement with each ELT member setting out the terms of their appointment.

In May 2022, the Board approved the appointment of Jad Vodopija as the Chief People Officer, effective 1 July 2022 and replacing Athalie Williams.


6.3    Performance evaluation of executives
The performance of executives and other senior employees is reviewed on an annual basis. The annual performance review process considers the
performance of executives against criteria designed to capture ‘what’ is achieved and ‘how’ it is achieved. All performance assessments of executives
include how effective they have been in undertaking their role and what they have achieved against their specified key performance indicators.

A performance evaluation was conducted for all members of the ELT during FY2022. For the CEO, the performance evaluation was led by the Chair of
the Board on behalf of all the Non-executive Directors and was discussed with the Remuneration Committee.


7     Risk management and assurance
7.1    Risk management governance structure
Risk governance
The RAC assists the Board with the oversight of risk management and the Board retains accountability for BHP’s risk profile. The Board requires the
CEO to implement a system of control for identifying and managing risk. The Risk team is accountable for this system, known as BHP’s Risk
Framework, and also supports, challenges and verifies risk management activities to give assurance to management and the Board. The Directors,
through the RAC, monitor our Risk Framework and review it at least annually to satisfy themselves that the Risk Framework continues to be sound and
that BHP is operating with regard to the risk appetite set by the Board. For more information refer to OFR 9.


Internal Audit
The Internal Audit team provides assurance to the Board, CEO and Executive Leadership Team on whether risk management, internal control and
governance processes are adequate and functioning. The Internal Audit team is independent of the External Auditor. The RAC evaluates and, if thought
fit, approves the Terms of Reference of the Internal Audit team and the annual internal audit plan and monitors the effectiveness of the internal audit
activities.

As of 1 August 2022, the Risk team and Internal Audit team were combined to form a Risk and Internal Audit sub-function, led by a Chief Risk and
Audit Officer. The Risk team and Internal Audit team will continue to operate in the second and third lines respectively. Refer to OFR 9 for more
information.

The RAC approves the appointment and dismissal of the Chief Audit Officer and assesses their performance, independence and objectivity. During
FY2022, the Group Audit Officer reported directly to the RAC and functional oversight of the Internal Audit team was provided by the Chief Legal,
Governance and External Affairs Officer. As of 1 August 2022, functional oversight of the Risk and Internal Audit sub-function is provided by the Chief
Financial Officer.


Effectiveness of systems of internal control and risk management
In delegating authority to the CEO, the Board has established CEO limits, outlined in the Board Governance Document and these require the CEO to
ensure there is a system of control in place for identifying and managing risk in BHP. Through the RAC, the Directors regularly review these systems
for their effectiveness. These reviews include assessing whether processes continue to meet evolving external governance requirements.

The RAC oversees and reviews the internal controls and risk management systems (including procedures, processes and systems for, among other
things, budgeting and forecasting, provisions, financial controls, financial reporting and reporting of reserves and resources, compliance, preventing
fraud and serious breaches of business conduct, speak-up procedures, and protecting information and data systems). Any material breaches of Our Code
of Conduct, including breaches of our anti-bribery and corruption requirements and any material incidents reported under our speak-up procedures are
reported quarterly to the RAC by the Chief Compliance Officer. These reports are then communicated to the Board through the report-out process.

During FY2022, management presented an assessment of the material risks facing BHP and the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of risk
management. The reviews were overseen by the RAC, with findings and recommendations reported to the Board. In addition to considering key risks
facing BHP, the Board assessed the effectiveness of internal controls over key risks identified through the work of the Board Committees.

Having carried out a review during FY2022, the Board is satisfied with the effectiveness of BHP’s risk management and internal control systems.


Environmental and social risks
BHP’s risk factors (including material exposure to environmental and social risks) and how we manage these risks are described in OFR 9 and 9.1.

                                                                           138
7.2   External audit and financial reporting
Integrity of Financial Statements
The RAC assists the Board in assuring the integrity of the Financial Statements. The RAC evaluates and makes recommendations to the Board about the
appropriateness of accounting policies and practices, areas of judgement, compliance with accounting standards, stock exchange and legal requirements
and the results of the external audit.


CEO and CFO assurance
For the FY2022 full year and half year, the CEO and CFO have certified that in their opinion, BHP’s financial records have been properly maintained
and the FY2022 Financial Statements present a true and fair view of our financial condition and operating results and are in accordance with accounting
standards and applicable regulatory requirements.

The CEO and CFO have also certified to the Board that this opinion was formed on the basis of a sound system of risk management and internal control
and the system is operating efficiently and effectively. The RAC considered these certifications when recommending the Financial Statements to the
Board for approval.


External Auditor
The RAC manages the relationship with the External Auditor on behalf of the Board. It considers the independence and reappointment of the External
Auditor each year, as well as remuneration and other terms of engagement and makes a recommendation to the Board.


Evaluation of External Auditor and external audit process
The RAC evaluates the objectivity and independence of the External Auditor and the quality and effectiveness of the external audit arrangements,
including through:
•     reviewing the terms of engagement of the External Auditor
•     considering the external audit plan, in particular to gain assurance that it is tailored to reflect changes in circumstances from the prior year
•     meeting with the audit partners, particularly the lead audit engagement partners, throughout the year and without management present
•     discussing with the audit engagement partners the skills and experience of the broader audit team
•     considering the quality of the External Auditor’s performance following the completion of the audit

In addition, the RAC reviews the integrity, independence and objectivity of the External Auditor and assesses whether there is any element of the
relationship that impairs or appears to impair the External Auditor’s judgement or independence. The External Auditor also certifies its independence to
the RAC.


Non-audit services
Although the External Auditor provides some non-audit services to the Group, the objectivity and independence of the External Auditor are safeguarded
through restrictions on the provision of these services with some services prohibited from being undertaken.


Pre-approved services
The RAC has adopted a policy entitled Provision of Audit and Other Services by the External Auditor covering the RAC’s pre-approval policies and
procedures to maintain the independence of the External Auditor.

The categories of ‘pre-approved’ services are:
•     Audit services – work that constitutes the agreed scope of the statutory audit and includes the statutory audits of BHP and its entities (including
      interim reviews).The RAC monitors the audit services engagements and if necessary, approves any changes in terms and conditions resulting from
      changes in audit scope, Group structure or other relevant events.
•     Audit-related and other assurance services – work that is outside the scope of the statutory audit but is consistent with the role of the external
      statutory auditor. This category includes work that is reasonably related to the performance of an audit or review and is a logical extension of the
      audit or review scope, is of an assurance or compliance nature and is work that the external auditors must or are best placed to undertake and is
      permissible under the relevant applicable standard.

                                                                             139
Activities outside the scope of the categories above are not ‘pre-approved’ and must be approved by the RAC prior to engagement, regardless of the
dollar value involved. In addition, any engagement for other services with a value over US$250,000, even if listed as a ‘pre-approved’ service, requires
the approval of the RAC.

All engagements for non-audit services, whether ‘pre-approved’ or not and regardless of the dollar value involved, are reported quarterly to the RAC.
While not prohibited by BHP’s policy, any proposed engagement of the External Auditor that contains an internal control element requires specific prior
approval from the RAC. In addition, while the categories of ‘pre-approved’ services include a list of certain pre-approved services, the use of the
External Auditor to perform these services will always be subject to our overriding governance practices as articulated in the policy.

In addition, the RAC did not approve any services during the year ended 30 June 2022 pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of SEC
Regulation S-X (provision of services other than audit).

Fees paid to BHP’s External Auditor during FY2022 for audit and other services were US$20.3 million, of which 51 per cent comprised audit fees
(including in relation to SOX matters), 10 per cent for audit-related fees and 39 per cent for all other fees. No fees were paid in relation to tax services.
Details of the fees paid are set out in Financial Statements note 34 ‘Auditor’s remuneration’.

Our policy on Provision of Audit and Other Services by the External Auditor is available at bhp.com/governance.


Management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act).

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be
effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, the effectiveness of BHP’s internal control over
financial reporting was evaluated based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Controls – Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the
Committee of the Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that internal control over
financial reporting was effective as at 30 June 2022. There were no material weaknesses in BHP’s internal controls over financial reporting identified by
management as at 30 June 2022.

BHP has engaged our independent registered public accounting firm, EY, to issue an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting for
inclusion in the Financial Statements of the Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F as filed with the SEC.

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during FY2022 that materially affected or were reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.

During FY2022, the RAC reviewed our compliance with the obligations imposed by SOX, including evaluating and documenting internal controls as
required by section 404 of SOX.


Management’s assessment of disclosure controls and procedures
Management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as at 30 June 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the material financial
and non-financial information required to be disclosed by BHP, including in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarised and reported on a timely basis. This information is accumulated and communicated to BHP’s management, including our CEO
and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation, management (including the CEO and CFO)
concluded that, as at 30 June 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in providing that reasonable assurance.

There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the
circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of
achieving their control objectives.

In the design and evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, management was required to apply its judgement in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures.

                                                                             140
8     Culture and conduct
Successful delivery of our strategy relies on workforce capability and a strong culture, and the Board, together with management plays a critical role in
setting the culture of the Group. Supporting our people’s wellbeing, creating and promoting an inclusive and diverse environment for our people to
work, and keeping them safe in the workplace are critically important and core to our values.


8.1    Our Code of Conduct and Our Charter
Our Code of Conduct (Our Code) is approved by the Board and is based on Our Charter values. Our Code includes our policies on speaking up and
anti-bribery and corruption, sets out standards of behaviour for our people and is an important statement of the culture at BHP.

During FY2022, we began work to refresh Our Code to align it with global best practice and to provide an effective basis for standard setting and
enforcement. We expect to launch the refreshed version of Our Code in FY2023.

Our Code and Our Charter are accessible at bhp.com.


8.2    Culture
The Board, supported by the Committees, considers a range of qualitative and quantitative information in relation to culture at BHP and monitors and
assesses culture on an ongoing basis for alignment with our strategy, purpose and values. Board and Committee papers include workforce planning in
the context of COVID-19, Employee Perception Survey results, updates on sexual harassment controls, inclusion and diversity updates, RAC report-outs
on Our Code investigations, the culture and capability required to execute our strategy, and culture as a part of asset reviews. Recognising our culture
cannot be measured using a single number or index, a culture dashboard is used to provide the Board with a tool to monitor our culture. The dashboard
includes simple measures to provide key signposts on the health of our culture. This data, combined with the Employee Perception Survey results,
provides the Board with insight on safety, engagement and enablement.

Directors also gain insights into culture through direct engagement with a cross-section of the workforce where they can gain direct feedback on a range
of issues, including sexual harassment, ongoing COVID-19 impacts, diversity, HSEC topics and social value.


8.3    BHP’s EthicsPoint
We have mechanisms in place for anyone to raise a query about Our Code or make a report if they feel Our Code has been breached.

EthicsPoint is our 24-hour confidential reporting tool for reporting misconduct and can be used by employees, contractors and external stakeholders,
including members of the public to raise concerns about misconduct that has either happened to them or they have witnessed.

All reports received in EthicsPoint are reviewed and categorised by the Ethics team. Once categorised, reports are assigned in accordance with internal
policy and processes to an investigator, line leader or appropriate team for resolution.

All significant Our Code matters and key trends from investigations are reported to the RAC. These are then reported to the Board as part of its
report-out process.


8.4    Diversity
The Board and management believe diversity is required to meet our purpose and strategy. Diversity is key to supporting the Board and its Committees
to have the right blend of perspectives so that the Board oversees BHP effectively for shareholders.

We have adopted an Inclusion and Diversity Position Statement, which sets out our diversity policy in relation to the Board, senior management and our
workforce, and our priorities to accelerate the development of a more inclusive work environment and enhanced overall workplace diversity. BHP’s
Inclusion and Diversity Position Statement is available at bhp.com/careers/inclusion-diversity and is summarised in OFR 6. As described in our
Inclusion and Diversity Position Statement, our aspiration is to achieve gender balance (which we define as a minimum 40 per cent women and 40 per
cent men, in line with the definition used by entities such as the International Labour Organization) on our Board, among our senior executives and
across our workforce by FY2025.

Currently 33 per cent of Directors are female and we therefore satisfy the guidance of having at least 30 per cent of Directors of each gender in
accordance with the ASX Fourth Edition. When Mr Broomhead and Mr Mogford retire from the Board at the conclusion of the 2022 AGM, 40 per cent
of Directors will be female. We also continue to seek additional ethnic diversity on our Board and throughout BHP.

Part of the Board’s role continues to be to consider and approve BHP’s measurable objectives for diversity on its Board, among its senior executives and
general workforce each financial year and to oversee our progress in achieving those objectives. For more information, including our progress against
our FY2022 measurable objectives and our employee profile more generally, refer to OFR 6.
The diagram below illustrates the diversity that is currently represented on the Board.




                                                                           141
9   Shareholder and stakeholder engagement
Shareholder engagement
Part of the Board’s commitment to high-quality governance is expressed through the approach BHP takes to engaging and communicating with our
shareholders. As part of our investor relations program to facilitate effective two-way communication with investors, the Board uses formal and informal
communication channels to understand and take into account the views of shareholders. BHP provides information about itself and its governance to
investors via its website at bhp.com.




We encourage shareholders to make their views known to us. Shareholders can contact us at any time through our Investor Relations team, with contact
details available at bhp.com. In addition, shareholders can communicate with us and our registrar electronically.

We facilitate and encourage shareholder participation at our AGM. The AGM provides an update for shareholders on our performance and offers an
opportunity for shareholders to ask questions and vote. The External Auditor will also be available to answer questions at the AGM.

Information on our AGM is available at bhp.com/meetings.

Before the AGM, shareholders are provided with all material information in BHP’s possession relevant to their decision on whether or not to elect or
re-elect a Director. Copies of the speeches delivered by the Chair and CEO at the AGM are released to the relevant stock exchanges and posted on our
website.

Proceedings at shareholder meetings are webcast live from our website. Substantive resolutions at general meetings are decided by a poll rather than by
a show of hands.

A summary of proceedings and the outcome of voting on the items of business are released to the relevant stock exchanges and posted on our website as
soon as they are available.

                                                                          142
During FY2022, key shareholder engagement initiatives included:
•     discussions with major institutional investors and proxy advisers in relation to the Climate Transition Action Plan 2021, and obtaining shareholder
      approval at the 2021 AGMs
•     presentations and briefings provided to investors about the merger of BHP’s Petroleum business with Woodside
•     communications to investors about the unification of our Dual Listed Company structure, including General Meetings in Australia and London for
      investors to directly engage with the Board on this topic
•     live webcasts and Q&A sessions with senior leaders for shareholders to directly ask questions of management
•     an investor briefing on social value which included the launch of our 2030 social value goals


Stakeholder engagement
The Board considers effective stakeholder engagement a key element of its governance and oversight role.

There are multiple ways the views of stakeholders, beyond shareholders, are brought to the Board and its Committees. For example, site visits (physical
and virtual where necessary) involving engagement with the workforce, community members and government, Employee Perception Survey findings,
gender pay gap reports, updates from the CEO and Chief People Officer and engagement with the Forum on Corporate Responsibility. In addition, the
RAC and Sustainability Committee receive reports on engagement with regulators. They also receive reports on material litigation and disputes with
third parties and complaints raised through the speak-up hotline, EthicsPoint, which allows our workforce to raise concerns in confidence.

The strategic framework, focus on social value, our purpose and Risk Appetite Statement reflect the significance of external stakeholders in decision
making.


10    Market disclosure
We have disclosure controls in place for periodic disclosures, including the Operational Review, our results announcements, debt investor documents
(such as the prospectus for the Euro or Australian Medium Term Notes) and Annual Report documents, which must comply with relevant regulatory
requirements.

More information about these verification processes can be found in the Periodic Disclosure – Disclosure Controls document available at
bhp.com/governance.

To safeguard the effective dissemination of information, we have developed mandatory minimum performance requirements for market disclosure,
which outline how we identify and distribute information to shareholders and market participants and sets out the role of the Disclosure Committee in
managing compliance with market disclosure obligations. In addition, where an announcement is determined to be material by the Disclosure
Committee, the Board receives a copy promptly after it has been made. Where BHP gives a new and substantive investor or analyst presentation, it
releases a copy of the presentation materials on the ASX Market Announcements Platform ahead of the presentation.

A copy of the Market Disclosure and Communications Policy is available at bhp.com/governance.

Copies of announcements to the stock exchanges on which BHP is listed, investor briefings, Financial Statements, the Annual Report and other relevant
information can be found at bhp.com. To receive email alerts of news releases, subscribe at bhp.com.


11   US requirements
BHP Group Limited is a registrant with the SEC in the United States. It is classified as a foreign private issuer and has American Depositary Shares
listed on the NYSE.

We have reviewed the governance requirements applicable to foreign private issuers under SOX, including the rules promulgated by the SEC and the
rules of the NYSE, and are satisfied that we comply with those requirements.

Under NYSE rules, foreign private issuers such as BHP are required to disclose any significant ways our corporate governance practices differ from
those followed by US companies under the NYSE corporate governance standards. After a comparison of our corporate governance practices with the
requirements of Section 303A of the NYSE-Listed Company Manual followed by US companies, a significant difference was identified:
       Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act requires NYSE-listed companies to ensure their audit committees are directly responsible for the appointment,
       compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the External Auditor unless the company’s governing law or documents or other home
       country legal requirements require or permit shareholders to ultimately vote on or approve these matters. Prior to unification, the ultimate
       responsibility for the appointment and retention of the External Auditor rested with our shareholders in accordance with UK law (and our
       constitutional documents reflected this legal requirement). The RAC was then directly responsible for the compensation and oversight of the
       work of the External Auditor throughout the year. Following the unification of our corporate structure, BHP is no longer subject to the UK
       requirement to re-appoint the External Auditor by shareholder vote annually and our constitution has been amended to remove this requirement.
       From January 2022 our shareholders remain ultimately responsible for the appointment and retention of the External Auditor and are required to
       vote on the appointment of the External Auditor from time to time (as required under Australian law), and the RAC remains directly responsible
       for the compensation and oversight of the work of the External Auditor.

                                                                           143
Directors’ Report
The information presented by the Directors in this Directors’ Report relates to BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries. The Operating and Financial
Review (OFR), the Remuneration Report, and the ‘Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration’ are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this
Directors’ Report.


1   Review of operations, principal activities and state of affairs
A review of the operations of BHP during FY2022, the results of those operations during FY2022 and the expected results of those operations in future
financial years are set out in the OFR. Information on the development of BHP and likely developments in future years also appears in this section.

Our principal activities, including significant changes in the nature of BHP’s principal activities during FY2022 are disclosed in the OFR.

There were no significant changes in BHP’s state of affairs that occurred during FY2022 and no significant post balance date events other than as
disclosed in the OFR and Financial Statements note 33 ‘Subsequent events’.

No other matter or circumstance has arisen since the end of FY2022 that has significantly affected or is expected to significantly affect the operations,
the results of operations or state of affairs of BHP in future years.


2   Directors
The Directors who served at any time during FY2022 or up until the date of this Directors’ Report are listed in the Board and Board Committee
attendance table in Directors’ Report 2.2. Information on the current Directors is set out in Directors’ Report 2.1.


2.1 Biographical details
144
2.2   Director attendances at meetings
The Board meets as often as required. During FY2022, the Board met 15 times.

Members of the Executive Leadership Team and other members of senior management attend meetings of the Board by invitation.

Each Board Committee provides a standing invitation for any Non-executive Director to attend Committee meetings (rather than just limiting attendance
to Committee members). Committee agendas and papers are provided to all Directors to ensure they are aware of matters to be considered.

Board and Board Committee attendance in FY2022

                                                                                     Nomination
                                                            Risk and Audit         and Governance            Remuneration            Sustainability
                                              Board           Committee              Committee                Committee               Committee
Terry Bowen                                    15/15                 11/11                    5/5                       –                         –
Malcolm Broomhead                              15/15                     –                    2/21                      –                      2/21
Xiaoqun Clever                                 15/15                 11/11                      –                       –                         –
Ian Cockerill                                  15/15                 11/11                      –                       –                      5/5
Anita Frew2                                      7/7                   5/5                      –                     2/2                         –
Gary Goldberg3                                 15/15                     –                    5/5                     5/5                      5/5
Mike Henry                                     15/15                     –                      –                       –                         –
Michelle Hinchliffe4                             4/4                   2/2                      –                       –                         –
Susan Kilsby5                                    7/7                     –                      –                     2/25                        –
Ken MacKenzie                                  15/15                     –                    5/5                       –                         –
John Mogford6                                  15/15                     –                    5/5                       –                      5/5
Christine O’Reilly                             15/15                 11/11                    5/5                     5/5                         –
Catherine Tanna7                                 3/3                     –                      –                     2/2                      2/2
Dion Weisler                                   15/15                     –                      –                     5/5                      3/38


1     Malcolm Broomhead ceased being a member of the Nomination and Governance Committee and Sustainability Committee on 11 November 2021
2     Anita Frew served as a Non-executive Director from 15 September 2015 until her retirement as a member of the Board, Risk and Audit
      Committee and Remuneration Committee on 11 November 2021
3     Gary Goldberg ceased being a member of the Remuneration Committee on 17 June 2022. He became Chair of the Sustainability Committee on
      18 June 2022
4     Michelle Hinchliffe became a member of the Board and the Risk and Audit Committee on 1 March 2022
5     Susan Kilsby served as a Non-executive Director from 1 April 2019 until her retirement as a member of the Board and the Remuneration
      Committee on 11 November 2021
6     John Mogford ceased being a member of the Nomination and Governance Committee on 17 June 2022. He ceased being the Chair of the
      Sustainability Committee on 17 June 2022, but remains a member of this Committee
7     Catherine Tanna became a member of the Board, Remuneration Committee and Sustainability Committee on 4 April 2022
8     Dion Weisler became a member of the Sustainability Committee on 12 November 2021

                                                                        145
3   Share capital and buy-back programs
At the Annual General Meetings held in 2019, 2020 and 2021, shareholders authorised BHP Group Plc to make on-market purchases of up to
211,207,180 of its ordinary shares, representing 10 per cent of BHP Group Plc’s issued share capital at that time. During FY2022, we did not make any
on-market or off-market purchases of BHP Group Limited or BHP Group Plc ordinary shares under any share buy-back program. As at the date of this
Directors’ Report, there were no current on-market buy-backs.
BHP Group Plc (now BHP Group (UK) Limited) is no longer able to make on-market purchases of its ordinary shares as a result of its delisting in
connection with the unification transaction with BHP Group Limited and as such it can no longer utilise the shareholder authorisation in relation to
on-market purchases obtained at the Annual General Meeting in 2021.

Some of our executives receive rights over BHP shares as part of their remuneration arrangements. Entitlements may be satisfied by the transfer of
existing shares, which are acquired on-market by the Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) Trusts or, in respect of some entitlements, by the issue of
shares.

The number of shares referred to in column A below were purchased to satisfy awards made under the various BHP Group employee share schemes
during FY2022.

                                                        A                                        C
                                                 Total number                              Total number
                                                    of shares                                of shares
                                                 purchased and                             purchased as
                                                 transferred to             B                  part of                           D
                                                  employees to           Average              publicly                 Maximum number of
                                                     satisfy            price paid          announced                  shares that may yet be
                                                   employee             per share1            plans or                  purchased under the
Period                                               awards                US$               programs                    plans or programs
                                                                                                                                    BHP Group Plc
                                                                                                                                      (now BHP
                                                                                                                  BHP Group          Group (UK)
                                                                                                                   Limited2            Limited)
1 Jul 2021 to 31 Jul 2021                                     –                   –                      –                  –           211,207,1803
1 Aug 2021 to 31 Aug 2021                                63,567               32.08                      –                  –           211,207,1803
1 Sep 2021 to 30 Sep 2021                                     –                   –                      –                  –           211,207,1803
1 Oct 2021 to 31 Oct 2021                                     –                   –                      –                  –           211,207,1803
1 Nov 2021 to 30 Nov 2021                                     –                   –                      –                  –           211,207,1803
1 Dec 2021 to 31 Dec 2021                                     –                   –                      –                  –           211,207,1803
1 Jan 2022 to 31 Jan 2022                                     –                   –                      –                  –           211,207,1803,4
1 Feb 2022 to 28 Feb 2022                                     –                   –                      –                  –                     –
1 Mar 2022 to 31 Mar 2022                             3,354,850               35.95                      –                  –                     –
1 Apr 2022 to 30 Apr 2022                                     –                   –                      –                  –                     –
1 May 2022 to 31 May 2022                                     –                   –                      –                  –                     –
1 Jun 2022 to 30 Jun 2022                               949,819               28.37                      –                  –                     –
Total                                                 4,368,236               34.24                      –                  –                     –

1     The shares were purchased in the currency of the stock exchange on which the purchase took place and the sale price has been converted into US
      dollars using the average weekly exchange rate of the week that such purchases took place for purchases on the ASX, and the average monthly
      exchange rate of the month that such purchases took place for purchases on the LSE
2     BHP Group Limited is able to buy-back and cancel BHP Group Limited shares within the ‘10/12 limit’ without shareholder approval in
      accordance with section 257B of the Australian Corporations Act 2001. Any future on-market share buy-back program would be conducted in
      accordance with the Australian Corporations Act 2001 and with the ASX Listing Rules
3     At the Annual General Meetings held during 2019, 2020 and 2021, shareholders authorised BHP Group Plc to make on-market purchases of up to
      211,207,180 of its ordinary shares, representing 10 per cent of BHP Group Plc’s issued capital at the time
4     BHP Group Plc (now BHP Group (UK) Limited) is no longer able to make on-market purchases of its ordinary shares as a result of its delisting in
      connection with the unification transaction with BHP Group Limited and as such it can no longer utilise the shareholder authorisation in relation to
      on-market purchases obtained at the Annual General Meeting in 2021

As at the date of this Directors’ Report, there were 15,846,572 unvested equity awards outstanding in relation to BHP Group Limited ordinary shares
held by 20,790 holders. The expiry dates of these unvested equity awards range between August 2022 and August 2026 and there is no exercise price.
4,400,000 fully paid ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited were issued as a result of the exercise of rights over unissued shares during or since the end
of FY2022. No options over unissued shares or unissued interests in BHP have been granted during or since the end of FY2022 and no shares or
interests were issued as a result of the exercise of an option over unissued shares or interests during or since the end of FY2022. For more information
refer to Financial Statements note 25 ‘Employee share ownership plans’. For information on movements in share capital during and since the end of
FY2022 refer to Financial Statements note 16 ‘Share capital’.


4   Share interests
Directors
‘Ordinary shareholdings and transactions’ in the Remuneration Report 5.4 sets out the relevant interests in shares in BHP Group Limited of the Directors
who held office during FY2022, at the beginning and end of FY2022. No rights or options over shares in BHP Group Limited are held by any of the
Non-executive Directors. Interests held by the Executive Director under employee equity plans as at 30 June 2022 are set out in the tables showing
interests in incentive plans contained in ‘Equity awards’ in the Remuneration Report 5.2. Except for Mike Henry, as at the date of this Directors’ Report,
the information pertaining to shares in BHP Group Limited and held directly, indirectly or beneficially by Directors is the same as set out in the table in
‘Ordinary shareholdings and transactions’ in the Remuneration Report 5.4. Where applicable, the information includes shares held in the name of a
spouse, superannuation fund, nominee and/or other controlled entities.

All Directors have met the minimum shareholding requirement under their Terms of Appointment.

                                                                           146
As at the date of this Directors’ Report, Mike Henry held:
•     (either directly, indirectly or beneficially) 521,592 shares in BHP Group Limited
•     rights and options over 978,790 shares in BHP Group Limited

Where applicable, the above information includes shares held in the name of a spouse, superannuation fund, nominee and/or other controlled entities.

We have not made available to any Directors any interest in a registered scheme.


Executive Key Management Personnel
Interests held by members of the Executive KMP under employee equity plans as at 30 June 2022 are set out in the tables contained in the ‘Equity
awards’ section in the Remuneration Report 5.2.

The table below sets out the relevant interests in shares in BHP Group Limited held directly, indirectly or beneficially, as at the date of this Directors’
Report by those senior executives who were Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP) (other than the Executive Director) on that date. Where
applicable, the information also includes shares held in the name of a spouse, superannuation fund, nominee and/or other controlled entities.

                                                                                                                                            As at date of
Executive KMP member                                                                                                                      Directors’ Report
Edgar Basto                                                                                                                                         130,038
David Lamont                                                                                                                                          6,345
Geraldine Slattery                                                                                                                                  127,232
Ragnar Udd                                                                                                                                          118,955


5   Secretaries
Stefanie Wilkinson is the Group Company Secretary. For details of her qualifications and experience refer to the Biographical details in Directors’
Report 2.1. The following people also acted during FY2022 as Company Secretaries of BHP Group Limited: Geof Stapledon, BEc, LLB (Hons), DPhil,
FCIS, until 7 July 2021, Prakash Kakkad, LLB, LPC, from 7 July 2021, John-Paul Santamaria, BEng (Civil) (Hons), LLB, from 7 July 2021.

Each individual has experience in a company secretariat role or other relevant fields arising from time spent in roles within BHP, other large listed
companies or other relevant entities.


6   Indemnities and insurance
Rule 146 of the BHP Group Limited Constitution requires the company to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Officer of BHP Group
Limited against liability incurred in, or arising out of, the conduct of the business of BHP or the discharge of the duties of the Officer. The Directors
named in 2.1 of the Directors’ Report, the Company Secretaries and other Officers of BHP Group Limited have the benefit of this requirement, as do
individuals who formerly held one of those positions.

In accordance with this requirement, BHP Group Limited has entered into Deeds of Indemnity, Access and Insurance (Deeds of Indemnity) with its
Directors.

We have a policy that BHP will, as a general rule, support and hold harmless an employee, including an employee appointed as a Director of a
subsidiary who, while acting in good faith, incurs personal liability to others as a result of working for BHP.

In addition, as part of the arrangements to effect the demerger of South32, we agreed to indemnify certain former Officers of BHP who transitioned to
South32 from certain claims and liabilities incurred in their capacity as Directors or Officers of South32.

The terms of engagement for certain services include that we must compensate and reimburse EY for, and protect EY against, any loss, damage,
expense, or liability incurred by EY in respect of third-party claims arising from a breach by BHP of any obligation under the engagement terms.

We have insured against amounts that we may be liable to pay to Directors, Company Secretaries or certain employees (including former Officers)
pursuant to Rule 146 of the Constitution of BHP Group Limited or that we otherwise agree to pay by way of indemnity. The insurance policy also
insures Directors, Company Secretaries and some employees (including former Officers) against certain liabilities (including legal costs) they may incur
in carrying out their duties. For this Directors’ and Officers’ insurance, we paid premiums of US$21,772,900 excluding taxes during FY2022.

No indemnity in favour of a current or former officer of BHP Group Limited, or in favour of the External Auditor, was called on during FY2022.

                                                                             147
7    Dividends
A final dividend of 175 US cents per share will be paid on 22 September 2022, resulting in total cash dividends determined in respect of FY2022 of 325
US cents per share.

The merger of BHP’s oil and gas portfolio with Woodside Energy was completed on 1 June 2022 and BHP paid a fully franked in specie dividend of
US$3.86 per share or US$19.6 billion.

For information on the dividends paid refer to Financial Statements note 16 ‘Share capital’ and note 18 ‘Dividends’.


8 Auditors
No current officer of BHP has held the role of director or partner of the Group’s current external auditor.


9    Non-audit services
For information on the non-audit services undertaken by BHP’s External Auditor, including the amounts paid for non-audit services, refer to Financial
Statements note 34 ‘Auditor’s remuneration’. All non-audit services were approved in accordance with the process set out in the Policy on Provision of
Audit and Other Services by the External Auditor. No non-audit services were carried out that were specifically excluded by the Policy on Provision of
Audit and Other Services by the External Auditor. Based on advice provided by the Risk and Audit Committee, the Directors have formed the view that
the provision of non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors, and that the nature of non-audit services means
that auditor independence was not compromised. The reason for this view is that the objectivity and independence of the External Auditor are
safeguarded through restrictions on the provision of these services with some services prohibited from being undertaken.

For a more information about our policy in relation to the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor refer to 7.2 ‘External audit and
financial reporting’ of our Corporate Governance Statement.


10    Exploration, research and development
Companies within the Group carry out exploration and research and development necessary to support their activities. Details are provided in OFR 5
‘Our assets’, OFR 10 ‘Performance by commodity’ and Resources and Reserves in the Annual Report.


11 ASIC Instrument 2016/191
BHP Group Limited is an entity to which Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’
Reports) Instrument 2016/191 dated 24 March 2016 applies. Amounts in this Directors’ Report and the Financial Statements, except estimates of future
expenditure or where otherwise indicated, have been rounded to the nearest million dollars in accordance with ASIC Instrument 2016/191.


12    Proceedings on behalf of BHP Group Limited
No proceedings have been brought on behalf of BHP Group Limited, nor has any application been made, under section 237 of the Australian
Corporations Act 2001.


13    Performance in relation to environmental regulation
BHP seeks to be compliant with all applicable environmental laws and regulations relevant to its operations. We monitor compliance on a regular basis,
including through external and internal means, to minimise the risk of non-compliance. For more information on BHP’s performance in relation to
health, safety and the environment refer to OFR 7.4, 7.6 and 7.15.

For the purposes of section 299 (1)(f) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001, in FY2022 BHP was levied four fines in relation to environmental laws
and regulations at our operated assets, the total amount payable being US$22,514.


14 Additional information
BHP Group Limited has a branch registered in the United Kingdom. The Group, through various subsidiaries, has also established branches in a number
of other countries.

The Directors’ Report is approved in accordance with a resolution of the Board.


Ken MacKenzie                                                                     Mike Henry
Chair                                                                             Chief Executive Officer
Dated: 16 August 2022

                                                                            148
Remuneration Report

Abbreviation   Item
AGM            Annual General Meeting
CDP            Cash and Deferred Plan
CEO            Chief Executive Officer
DEP            Dividend Equivalent Payment
ELT            Executive Leadership Team
GHG            Greenhouse gas
HSEC           Health, safety, environment and community
IFRS           International Financial Reporting Standards
KMP            Key Management Personnel
LTIP           Long-Term Incentive Plan
MAP            Management Award Plan
MSR            Minimum shareholding requirement
ROCE           Return on Capital Employed
STIP           Short-Term Incentive Plan
TSR            Total Shareholder Return

                                                             149
Remuneration Committee Chair Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to introduce BHP’s Remuneration Report for the financial year to 30 June 2022. During FY2022, the Remuneration Committee
(Committee) continued its focus on achieving remuneration outcomes that fairly reflect the performance of BHP and the contribution of our employees,
and which are aligned to the interests of shareholders and other key stakeholders.


Our approach and framework
Our Charter sets out our values upon which the Committee places great weight in the determination of performance-based remuneration outcomes for
BHP executives. Our Charter places health and safety at the forefront of our values while setting out our purpose, our strategy and how we measure
success. The Committee aims to support our executives to take a long-term approach to decision-making in order to build a sustainable and value-adding
business.

The Committee is focused on a remuneration framework and approach that supports the Group’s strategy and enables us to attract, retain and motivate
our executives located in different geographies. This is critical to delivering the best outcomes for all BHP stakeholders. As BHP is a global
organisation, the Committee is also mindful of navigating the priorities and expectations of multiple jurisdictions.

At the 2021 AGMs, we received strong support for our remuneration framework and outcomes, with over 97 per cent voting in favour of the
Remuneration Report. This means that over the past five years we have received an average of approximately 96 per cent support. The Committee and
the Board continue to incorporate shareholder feedback into their approach to remuneration.

FY2022 represents the third year of operation of our revised remuneration framework and we believe the framework is continuing to serve stakeholders
well. The key changes to variable remuneration that took effect from 1 July 2019 for the CEO were to significantly reduce the LTIP grant size from
400 per cent of base salary (on a face value basis) to 200 per cent, and a rebalancing to a CDP award with a long term focus. The CDP outcome is
delivered one-third as a cash award, with two-thirds delivered in equity that is deferred equally for two-year and five-year periods. This structure aligns
participants’ incentive remuneration with performance over the short, medium and long term.

We continue to benchmark the CEO and other executives’ remuneration against CEO and executive roles in other global companies of similar
complexity, size, reach and industry. This detailed benchmarking ensures BHP’s executive remuneration framework remains competitive to attract,
motivate and retain key talented executives and is consistent with the global market.

The majority of the CEO’s remuneration package continues to be delivered in BHP equity, not in cash, and the CEO’s remuneration is deliberately tied
to the performance of the business. In addition, the CEO is required to meet a MSR of five times pre-tax base salary and this applies for two years post-
retirement. This ensures that the CEO’s remuneration is aligned to the experience of BHP’s shareholders. As at the date of this Report, the CEO’s BHP
shareholding is in excess of his MSR.


Business performance
I am pleased to say BHP’s performance for FY2022 has been underpinned by safe, reliable operations and firm demand for our commodities. We
completed another year fatality free and we are unwavering in our effort to improve safety, including the elimination of sexual harassment, racism and
bullying.

We delivered reliable operational performance at Western Australia Iron Ore, with record sales for a third consecutive year and the South Flank project
ramp up ahead of schedule. In copper, Escondida in Chile achieved record material mined and near-record concentrator throughput, while Olympic Dam
in South Australia performed strongly in the fourth quarter after planned smelter maintenance. Queensland metallurgical coal ended the year with strong
underlying performance in the face of significant wet weather.

We have made strong progress on actions required to meet our commitments to reduce operational GHG emissions, which are down by 15 per cent since
FY2017. We have further progressed our emission reduction partnerships with three major steelmakers in China and Japan and we also entered a new
partnership with a fourth steelmaker in South Korea. The combined output of these four steelmakers equates to around 12 per cent of global steel
production.

Our US$5.7 billion Jansen potash project in Canada is tracking to plan and opportunities to bring forward first potash production at Jansen continue to
be assessed. In addition, during FY2022, we merged our Petroleum business with Woodside, completed the sales of our interests in BMC and Cerrejón,
and following a strategic review decided to retain New South Wales Energy Coal. As a consequence, we will seek approvals to continue mining until
2030. We also unified our corporate structure, and added to our global options in copper and nickel.

COVID-19 continued to impact in FY2022, particularly in the areas of labour and supply chain constraints. We remain vigilant with continued social
distancing and hygiene practices, and other additional protocols as appropriate to protect our workforce and communities. Despite the challenges that the
COVID-19 pandemic continues to present, in FY2022 BHP continued its approach to not furlough any employees, did not seek any government
assistance, and did not raise additional equity. In addition, BHP’s safe and reliable operational performance through this year, together with strong
profitability, enabled the Board to announce record dividends for FY2022. This continues the delivery of strong and consistent returns to shareholders.

                                                                            150
FY2022 CDP
The CDP scorecard used to assess Mike Henry’s annual performance comprises stretching performance measures, including HSEC, financial and
individual performance elements. For FY2022, the Committee has assessed the CEO’s performance and determined a CDP outcome of 96 per cent
against a target of 100 per cent (and 64 per cent of the maximum).

For the HSEC element, the outcome took into account BHP’s strong HSEC performance during the year, with no fatalities recorded, the strong progress
against our Fatality Elimination Program and delivery of our cultural heritage commitments. This year we have also made progress on the
implementation of controls for sexual harassment, although there remains more to be done. We also saw strong progress against our climate change
targets, and our progress in the management of priority tailings storage facilities was pleasing. The CDP outcome for the HSEC measures was 31 per
cent out of a target of 25 per cent.

Our financial performance was strong, and during FY2022 shareholders have again benefitted through record dividends. However, after fully
eliminating the positive impacts of commodity prices during the year, operating performance at our assets was below the challenging internal targets set
at the commencement of the year. This is in part due to higher than expected unplanned costs and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which
flowed through into CDP outcomes without moderation for FY2022. This is a similar approach that was applied in FY2021 and FY2020 and has the
effect of reducing the remuneration outcomes for executives. The CDP outcome for the financial measure was 40 per cent out of a target of 50 per cent.

Finally, from a personal performance perspective, the Committee considered Mike Henry’s performance against his individual measures. These included
projects and initiatives in respect of social value (long term growth in value and returns for all stakeholders), people (right people, right skills, coming
together in the right way to support exceptional performance), performance (material improvement in the system that supports exceptional performance)
and portfolio (material progress on our strategic objectives to create a portfolio that will set BHP up for the next 20 years). The Committee considered
Mike’s performance against his individual objectives met expectations and warranted an outcome aligned with the target of 25 per cent.

The CDP scorecard outcomes for other Executive KMP and the short-term incentive pool applicable to the majority of BHP employees below the ELT
level, were, like the CEO, slightly below the 100 per cent target.


2017 LTIP award
The vesting outcome for the 2017 LTIP award was 100 per cent. The LTIP performance condition is relative TSR and BHP outperformed both the sector
peer group and the MSCI World Index. This level of vesting is aligned with the projected vesting outcome that was communicated to shareholders in the
Remuneration Report at the time the changes to our remuneration framework were approved by shareholders at the 2019 AGMs. The table below
outlines the level of vesting each year from 2009 to 2022, together with the vesting outcomes projected in 2019.

                                                                       LTIP vesting




As shareholders will recall, one of the key elements of our revised remuneration framework was to reduce the weighting of future LTIP grants in the
overall CEO remuneration package from FY2020. Pre-existing grants remained on foot and their vesting would be determined on the basis of existing
service and performance conditions.

The value of the vested 2017 LTIP award is higher than the value of the award at the time it was granted due to the increase in share price during the
five-year vesting period and strong dividends. In terms of value realised, 44 per cent is due to the value at the time the awards were granted and 56 per
cent is due to share price appreciation and dividends. This reflects the experience of shareholders over the period.

                                                                            151
Consistent with its normal practice, in considering vesting, the Board and Committee have also conducted a holistic review of business performance
over the five years since the award was granted to ensure this level of vesting was appropriate. More information on the 2017 LTIP vesting outcome,
including the five-year holistic business review covering HSEC performance, profitability, cash flow, balance sheet health, returns to shareholders,
corporate governance and conduct, is included in 3.3 LTIP performance outcomes and 3.4 Overarching discretion and vesting underpin.

More information on the overall remuneration outcomes for the CEO for the year, and how the outcomes are aligned to performance during FY2022, is
provided in 3.1 FY2022 Remuneration received by the CEO. Having considered the overall remuneration outcomes for the CEO carefully, as set out
above and in 3.1, the Committee concluded it was a fair reflection of performance and the experience of shareholders, and the application of any
downwards discretion was not warranted.


FY2023 remuneration
For FY2023, the Committee determined that the CEO’s base salary would increase by 3 per cent, effective 1 September 2022. This was assessed as
appropriate having conducted updated benchmarking and considered the external market demand for senior executive talent. The Committee considers
the increase modest in this context, as well as being below the median salary increase applied for other BHP employees of approximately 4 per cent.
Other components of the CEO’s total target remuneration (pension contributions, benefits, CDP and LTIP) remain unchanged and, where relevant, as
percentages of base salary. A summary of the CEO’s arrangements for FY2023 is set out below.

Fixed remuneration                                                           CDP                                                 LTIP
•   Base salary US$1.750 million per annum, an          •    Target cash award of 80% of base salary         •    The LTIP grant is based on a face value
    increase of 3% from 1 September 2022.                    (maximum 120%).                                      of 200% of base salary.
•   Pension contribution 10% of base salary.            •    Plus two awards of deferred shares each of      •    Our LTIP awards have rigorous relative
                                                             equivalent value to the cash award, vesting          TSR performance hurdles measured over
                                                             in two and five years, respectively.                 five years.
                                                        •    Three performance categories:
                                                              •    HSEC – 25%
                                                              •    Financial – 50%
                                                              •    Individual – 25%

The Committee has also reviewed the base salaries and total target remuneration packages for other Executive KMP. The Committee determined they
would also increase by 3 per cent, effective 1 September 2022. An additional increase has been determined for Ragnar Udd reflecting his performance
and development in role (for more information regarding base salaries for FY2023 refer to 3.7 FY2023 remuneration for the CEO and other Executive
KMP). Other aspects of other Executive KMP remuneration arrangements remain unchanged.


Remuneration outcomes for the Chair and Non-executive Directors
Fees for the Chair and Non-executive Directors are reviewed annually and are benchmarked against peer companies. No changes to the Chair’s fee will
be made for FY2023. The Chair fee has remained unchanged since 1 July 2017. In 2017, a decision was made to reduce the Chair’s annual fee by
approximately 8 per cent from US$0.960 million to US$0.880 million with effect from 1 July 2017. This followed an earlier reduction on 1 July 2015 of
approximately 13 per cent from US$1.100 million to US$0.960 million.

Base fee levels for Non-executive Directors will also remain unchanged. The fees of Non-executive Directors were also reduced on 1 July 2015 by
approximately 6 per cent, from US$0.170 million to US$0.160 million per annum.

In FY2022, BHP undertook a series of major transactions. As a consequence, modest fees were paid to certain Non-executive Directors for additional or
extra services performed in FY2022 in connection with major transactions undertaken by the Group.


Summary
This year the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact not only BHP, but our customers, suppliers, governments, employees, families and communities
across the world. On behalf of the Committee, I would like to recognise the continued hard work, dedication and sacrifices of our employees. Through
their steadfast commitment, they have enabled BHP to generate strong results for all stakeholders and continued to support their communities.

We deliberately align our executive remuneration with performance, with a significant component of possible remuneration structured as variable pay.
We are confident that the outcomes this year are consistent with our long held approach of remuneration outcomes reflecting the performance of BHP
and the experience of our shareholders. Given our critical need to attract, motivate and retain our executives in order to progress our strategic objectives
and deliver the best outcomes for all BHP stakeholders, this is a pleasing result for all concerned.

We look forward to ongoing dialogue with and the support of BHP’s shareholders. As always, we welcome your feedback and comments on any aspect
of this Report.


Christine O’Reilly
Chair, Remuneration Committee

16 August 2022

                                                                            152
1   Remuneration governance
Board oversight
The Board is responsible for ensuring the Group’s remuneration arrangements are equitable and aligned with the long-term interests of BHP and its
shareholders. In performing this function, it is critical the Board is independent of management when making decisions affecting remuneration of the
CEO, other Executive KMP and the Group’s employees.

The Board has established the Committee to assist it in making such decisions. The Committee is comprised solely of Non-executive Directors, all of
whom are independent. The Committee has extensive access to members of senior management and regularly invites them to attend meetings to provide
reports and updates. However, members of management are not present when decisions are considered or taken concerning their own remuneration. The
Committee can also draw on services from a range of external sources, including independent remuneration advisers.


Remuneration Committee
The activities of the Committee are governed by its Terms of Reference which is available at bhp.com. The current members of the Committee are:
Christine O’Reilly (Chair), Catherine Tanna (member from 4 April 2022) and Dion Weisler. The following present and former Non-executive Directors
served as members of the Committee during the year: Gary Goldberg (member to 17 June 2022), Anita Frew (member to 11 November 2021) and Susan
Kilsby (member to 11 November 2021). The role and focus of the Committee and details of meeting attendances can be found in 2.2 Directors’ Report.

Key decisions and activities of the Committee during FY2022 included:
•    considering and approving remuneration for members of the ELT
•    setting targets for and reviewing outcomes against performance measures and conditions of relevant incentive plans, including the Committee
     considering its discretion over FY2022 plan outcomes
•    reviewing the fee for the BHP Chair, which remains unchanged
•    considering remuneration and remuneration reporting implications of unification and the merger of the Petroleum business and Woodside
•    reviewing and adopting changes and improvements flowing from regulatory requirements and guidance, which in turn helps us improve our
     processes and approaches
•    engaging with shareholders and other key stakeholders
•    undertaking reviews of remuneration by gender and the annual Shareplus enrolment


Engagement of independent remuneration advisers
The Committee seeks and considers advice from independent remuneration advisers where appropriate. Remuneration consultants are engaged by and
report directly to the Committee. Potential conflicts of interest are taken into account when remuneration consultants are selected and their terms of
engagement regulate their level of access to, and require their independence from, BHP’s management.

PwC has been appointed to act as an independent remuneration adviser and is currently the only remuneration adviser appointed by the Committee. In
that capacity, they may provide remuneration recommendations in relation to KMP, however, they did not provide any remuneration recommendations
in FY2022.


KMP for FY2022
This Remuneration Report describes the remuneration policies, practices, outcomes and governance for the KMP of BHP. At BHP, KMP consists of our
Board (including the CEO), as well as certain members of our ELT who have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
activities of the Group directly or indirectly. After due consideration, the Committee determined the KMP for FY2022 comprised all Non-executive
Directors and the following Executive KMP: the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the President Minerals Australia, the President Minerals Americas
and the Senior Executive Officer (i.e. President Petroleum until 31 May 2022).

The following individuals have held their positions and were KMP for the whole of FY2022, unless stated otherwise:
•    Mike Henry, CEO and Executive Director
•    Edgar Basto, President Minerals Australia
•    David Lamont, Chief Financial Officer
•    Geraldine Slattery, President Petroleum from 1 July 2021 to 31 May 2022 and Senior Executive Officer from 1 June to 30 June 2022
•    Ragnar Udd, President Minerals Americas
•    Non-executive Directors – for details of Non-executive Directors, including dates of appointment or cessation (where relevant), refer to 2.2
     Directors’ Report.

                                                                          153
2     Remuneration framework
BHP has an overarching remuneration framework that guides the Committee’s decisions and is designed to support our strategy and reinforce our culture
and values.

2.1    How the remuneration framework is set
The Committee sets the remuneration framework for the Executive KMP, including the CEO. The Committee is briefed on and considers prevailing
market conditions, the competitive environment and the positioning and relativities of pay and employment conditions across the wider BHP workforce.
The Committee takes into account the annual base salary increases for our employee population when determining any change in the Executive KMP’s
base salary. The salary increases in locations where our Executive KMP are based are particularly relevant when reviewing their remuneration to ensure
that their remuneration also reflects the local economic conditions.

The principles that underpin the remuneration framework for Executives are the same as those that apply to other employees, however Executive KMP
arrangements have a greater emphasis on and a higher proportion of remuneration that is at risk as performance-related variable pay. The performance
measures used to determine variable pay outcomes for the Executive KMP and all other employees are linked to the delivery of our strategy and
behaviours that are aligned to Our Charter values.

As part of the Board’s commitment to good governance, the Committee considers shareholder views and those of the wider community when setting the
remuneration framework for the Executive KMP. We are committed to engaging and communicating with shareholders regularly and, as our
shareholders are spread across the globe, we are proactive with our engagement on remuneration and governance matters with institutional shareholders
and investor representative organisations. Feedback from shareholders and investors is used as input into decision-making by the Board and the
Committee in relation to our remuneration framework and its application. The Committee considers that this approach provides a robust mechanism to
ensure Directors are aware of matters raised, have a deep understanding of current shareholder views and can formulate frameworks and make decisions
as appropriate. We encourage shareholders to make their views known to us by directly contacting our Investor Relations team (contact details available
at bhp.com).

2.2    Remuneration framework operation
Our approved remuneration policy was adopted by shareholders in 2019 for a three-year period in accordance with UK requirements and following the
unification of our corporate structure in early 2022 BHP is no longer required to have our policy approved by shareholders every three years. However,
the following table shows the current components of our remuneration framework, which is consistent with the prior approved remuneration policy.

                                   Fixed remuneration                                     CDP                                        LTIP
Purpose and link to     Market competitive fixed remuneration is        The CDP encourages and focuses             The purpose of the LTIP is to focus
strategy                paid in order to attract, motivate and retain   executives’ efforts for the relevant       executive’s efforts on the achievement
                        high-quality and experienced executives,        financial year on the delivery of the      of sustainable long-term value creation
                        and provide appropriate remuneration for        Group’s strategic priorities, balancing    and success of the Group (including
                        these important roles in the Group.             financial and non-financial                appropriate management of business
                                                                        performance, to deliver short, medium      risks).
                                                                        and long-term success aligned to our
                                                                        purpose and Our Charter, and to
                                                                        motivate executives to strive to achieve
                                                                        stretch performance objectives.
Remuneration        Fixed remuneration comprises base salary,           Annual variable pay opportunity linked Annual long-term variable pay
components and link pension contributions and benefits.                 to execution of business strategy. A    opportunity based on grants of five-
to performance                                                          balanced scorecard of short, medium     year performance rights designed to
                    Competitive fixed remuneration is aligned
                                                                        and long-term elements including        align executives’ reward with sustained
                    to global complexity, size, reach and
                                                                        HSEC (25% weighting), financial         shareholder wealth creation in excess
                    industry, and reflects executives’
                                                                        (50% weighting) and individual          of relevant comparator group(s),
                    responsibilities, location, skills,
                                                                        performance measures (25%               through the relative TSR performance
                    performance, qualifications and
                                                                        weighting) are chosen on the basis that condition.
                    experience.
                                                                        they are expected to have a significant
                                                                                                                Relative TSR has been chosen as an
                                                                        short, medium and long-term impact on
                                                                                                                appropriate measure as it enables an
                                                                        the success of the Group, with
                                                                                                                objective external assessment over a
                                                                        appropriate targets for each measure
                                                                                                                sustained period on a basis that is
                                                                        which will appropriately motivate
                                                                                                                familiar to shareholders.
                                                                        Executive KMP to achieve
                                                                        outperformance that contributes to the
                                                                        long-term sustainability of the Group
                                                                        and shareholder wealth creation.

                                                                          154
                                                      CDP                                                            LTIP
Assessment of            Achievement against each scorecard measure is assessed by       Vesting of the LTIP award is dependent on BHP’s TSR
performance              the Committee and the Board, with guidance provided by other relative to the TSR of relevant comparator group(s) over a
                         relevant Board Committees in respect of HSEC, financial and five-year performance period.
                         other measures, and a CDP award determined.
                                                                                         25% of the award will vest where BHP’s TSR is equal to the
                         If performance is below the threshold level for any measure,    median TSR of the relevant comparator group(s), as
                         no CDP award will be provided in respect of that portion of the measured over the performance period. Where TSR is below
                         CDP award opportunity.                                          the median, awards will not vest.
                         In the event the Committee does not consider the outcomes           Vesting occurs on a sliding scale between the median TSR of
                         that would otherwise apply to be a true reflection of the           the relevant comparator group(s) up to a nominated level of
                         performance of the Group or should it consider that individual      TSR outperformance over the relevant comparator group(s),
                         performance or other circumstances makes this an                    as determined by the Committee, above which 100% of the
                         inappropriate outcome, it retains the discretion to not provide     award will vest.
                         all or a part of any CDP award. This is an important mitigation
                                                                                             Where the TSR performance condition is not met, there is no
                         against the risk of unintended award outcomes.
                                                                                             retesting and awards will lapse. The Committee also retains
                                                                                             discretion to lapse any portion or all of the award where it
                                                                                             considers the vesting outcome is not appropriate given Group
                                                                                             or individual performance. This is an important mitigation
                                                                                             against the risk of unintended outcomes.
Delivery and vesting     CDP awards are provided as cash and two awards of deferred          LTIP awards consist of rights to receive ordinary BHP shares
                         shares, each of equivalent value to the cash award, vesting in      in the future if the performance and service conditions are
                         two and five years respectively.                                    met.
                         Awards of deferred shares comprise rights to receive ordinary       Before vesting (or exercise), these rights are not ordinary
                         BHP shares in the future at the end of the deferral periods.        shares and do not carry entitlements to ordinary dividends or
                         Before the awards vest (or are exercised), these rights are not     other shareholder rights; however, a DEP is provided on
                         ordinary shares and do not carry entitlements to ordinary           vested awards. The Committee has a discretion to settle LTIP
                         dividends or other shareholder rights; however, a DEP is            awards in cash.
                         provided on vested awards. The Committee has a discretion to
                                                                                             Vesting of five-year performance rights under the LTIP is
                         settle CDP awards in cash.
                                                                                             underpinned by a holistic review of performance at the end of
                         Vesting of five-year deferred shares under the CDP is               the five-year performance period, including a review of
                         underpinned by a holistic review of performance at the end of       HSEC performance, profitability, cash flow, balance sheet
                         the five-year vesting period, including a review of HSEC            health, returns to shareholders, corporate governance and
                         performance, profitability, cash flow, balance sheet health,        conduct over the five-year period.
                         returns to shareholders, corporate governance and conduct
                         over the five-year period.
Cessation of             On cessation of employment, a ‘good leaver’1 may receive a          On cessation of employment, for a ‘good leaver’1 their
employment               pro-rated cash award based on performance for that year. For a      unvested LTIP awards generally remain on foot on
                         ‘good leaver’, their unvested CDP deferred awards generally         termination and are pro-rated for the portion of the vesting
                         remain on foot (wholly or in part) unless the Committee             period served. These awards are eligible for vesting in the
                         determine otherwise. If the executive is not a ‘good leaver’, all   ordinary course, subject to any applicable performance
                         unvested CDP deferred awards will lapse.                            conditions. If the executive is not a ‘good leaver’, all
                                                                                             unvested LTIP awards will lapse.
Malus and clawback       CDP awards (including cash and deferred share awards) and LTIP awards are subject to the Group’s malus and clawback
                         policy (see below).

1    ‘Good leaver’ treatment may apply where the reason for the cessation of employment with BHP is due to forced early retirement, retrenchment or
     redundancy, termination by mutual agreement or retirement with the agreement of the Group, or such other circumstances that do not constitute
     resignation or termination for cause.


Malus and clawback
As has been set out in prior Remuneration Reports, for many years we have had malus and clawback provisions in place. During FY2022, we enhanced
our malus and clawback policy covering awards made from 2021 under the CDP and LTIP. This enhanced policy further clarified the circumstances in
which the Committee is able to reduce or clawback awards, which include:
•    an error in the Group’s Financial Statements that requires a material downward restatement
•    performance of a participant, or of the business or of the Group does not justify vesting or where the participant’s conduct or performance has
     been in breach of their employment contract, any laws, rules, codes of conduct or policies applicable to them or the standards reasonably expected
     of a person in their position
•    misstatement or misrepresentation of the performance of the company
•    where any team, business area, member of the Group or profit centre in which the participant works or worked has been found guilty in connection
     with any regulatory investigation or has been in breach of any laws, rules, codes of conduct or policies applicable to it or the standards reasonably
     expected of it

                                                                           155
•     an event that has had, or may have a material adverse effect on the value or reputation of any member of the Group
•     where the Committee determines there has been material damage to the Group’s social licence to operate
•     a catastrophic health, safety, environment or community event or events occurring in any part of the Group
•     an act, omission or event occurs which constitutes a material failure of risk management or of other operational systems and controls
•     a participant is found to have contributed to circumstances that give rise to a material loss for any Group Company

These malus and clawback provisions apply whether or not awards are made in the form of cash or equity, whether or not the equity has vested, and
whether or not employment is ongoing.


Service contracts
The terms of employment for the CEO and Executive KMP are formalised in their employment contracts. The current contracts of the CEO and
Executive KMP are not fixed term. BHP may choose to terminate a contract on up to 12 months’ notice. BHP can require an executive to work through
the notice period or may terminate the individual’s contract immediately by paying base salary plus pension contributions in lieu of the notice period.
The CEO and Executive KMP must provide up to 12 months’ notice for voluntary resignation.


Approach to recruitment and promotion
For external candidates that are appointed Executive KMP, the Committee may determine that it is appropriate to provide additional cash and/or equity
components to replace any remuneration forfeited or not received from a former employer. It is anticipated any foregone equity awards would be
replaced by equity. The value of the replacement remuneration would not be any greater than the fair value of the awards foregone or not received (as
determined by the Committee’s independent adviser). The Committee would determine appropriate service conditions and performance conditions
within BHP’s remuneration framework, taking into account the conditions attached to the foregone awards. The Committee is mindful of limiting such
payments and not providing any more compensation than is necessary. For any internal Executive KMP appointment, any entitlements provided under
former arrangements will be honoured and remain on foot according to their existing terms.


2.3   Potential remuneration outcomes
The Committee recognises market forces influence remuneration practices and it strongly believes the fundamental driver of remuneration outcomes
should be performance. It also believes that overall remuneration should be fair to the individual, and remuneration levels should accurately reflect the
CEO’s and other Executive KMP’s responsibilities and contributions, while aligning with the expectations of our shareholders and considering the
positioning and relativities of pay and employment conditions across the wider BHP workforce.

The amount of remuneration actually received each year depends on the achievement of business and individual performance that generate sustained
shareholder value. Before deciding on the final incentive outcomes for the CEO and other Executive KMP, the Committee first considers the
achievement of pre-determined performance conditions. The Committee then applies its overarching discretion to determine what it considers to be a
fair and commensurate remuneration level in order to decide if the outcome should be reduced. In this way, the Committee believes it can set a
remuneration level for the CEO and other Executive KMP that is sufficient to incentivise and is also fair and commensurate with shareholder
expectations and prevailing market conditions.

The diagram below provides the scenarios for the potential total remuneration of the CEO and other Executive KMP at different levels of performance.




Minimum: consists of fixed remuneration, which comprises base salary, pension contributions (10 per cent of base salary) and other benefits (notional
10 per cent of base salary), details of which are set out in 5.1 KMP remuneration table.

Target: consists of fixed remuneration, target CDP (a cash award of 80 per cent of base salary plus two awards of deferred shares each of equivalent
value to the cash award, vesting in two and five years, respectively) and target LTIP. The LTIP target value in the chart above is based on the fair value
of the award, which is 41 per cent of the face value of 200 per cent of base salary for the CEO and 175 per cent for other Executive KMP. The potential
impact of future share price movements is not included in the value of deferred CDP awards or LTIP awards.

                                                                           156
Maximum: consists of fixed remuneration, maximum CDP (a cash award of 120 per cent of base salary plus two awards of deferred shares each of
equivalent value to the cash award, vesting in two and five years respectively), and maximum LTIP (in the chart above based on the face value of
200 per cent of base salary for the CEO and 175 per cent for other Executive KMP). The potential impact of future share price movements is not
included in the value of deferred CDP awards or LTIP awards.

The maximum opportunity represented above is the most that could potentially be paid for each remuneration component. It does not reflect any
intention by the Group to award that amount. In determining the maximum remuneration opportunity, the Committee reviews relevant benchmarking
data and industry practices and believes the maximum remuneration opportunity is appropriate.


3     Remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP
3.1    FY2022 remuneration received by the CEO
The table below is a voluntary non-statutory disclosure of the remuneration received by the CEO during FY2022 and FY2021. This table is unaudited
and differs from the audited remuneration calculated in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards (refer to 5.1 KMP remuneration table and
in Financial Statements note 25 Employee share ownership plans).

The difference between the disclosure in the table below and remuneration calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards relates to the
CDP and LTIP. The remuneration calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards require the fair value of the CDP and LTIP to be
calculated at the time of grant and to be amortised over the relevant vesting periods regardless of the performance outcome. This may not reflect what
the executive receives. In the table below, the CDP and LTIP values relate to the performance outcomes and actual amount received each year under the
CDP (i.e. against the CDP scorecard) and the LTIP (i.e. the LTIP vesting outcome).

This table is designed to provide greater transparency for shareholders on the remuneration for the CEO during FY2022 and FY2021 as it has a stronger
link to performance, with the CDP and LTIP included below representing those amounts that have been received as a consequence of satisfying
performance conditions in the relevant financial year.

Details of the components of remuneration are contained in 2.2 Remuneration framework operation and the values in the table are explained further in
the notes below.

US$(’000)                                                                           Base salary    Benefits1    Pension2     CDP3      LTIP4     Total
Mike Henry                                                              FY2022            1,700         168          170     3,917      8,712    14,667
                                                                        FY2021            1,700         120          170     4,692      7,939    14,621

1      Benefits are non-pensionable and include net movements in leave balances, private family health insurance, spouse business-related travel, car
       parking, fringe benefits tax and personal tax return preparation in required countries.
2      Mike Henry’s FY2022 and FY2021 pension contributions were provided based on 10 per cent of base salary.
3      The values shown are the full CDP value (cash and deferred equity) earned as a consequence of performance during FY2022 and FY2021. The
       FY2022 CDP award will be provided one-third in cash in September 2022 and two-thirds in deferred equity, with one-third due to vest in FY2025
       and one-third due to vest in FY2027 (on the terms of the CDP). The FY2021 CDP award was provided one-third in cash in September 2021 and
       two-thirds in deferred equity, with one-third due to vest in FY2024 and one-third due to vest in FY2026 (on the terms of the CDP).
4      Mike Henry’s LTIP award values for FY2022 and FY2021 (refer below) are based on the full awards he received in 2017 and 2016 respectively
       when he was President Operations, Minerals Australia (prior to becoming and with no proration applied for time as CEO), and 100 per cent of the
       awards vesting. For FY2022 the LTIP award value is calculated on the average share price for the month of July 2022 (which will be updated for
       the actual share price on the vesting date in the 2023 Remuneration Report); whereas the LTIP award value for FY2021 was calculated on the
       actual share price on the vesting date.

A revised remuneration framework took effect from 1 July 2019 and significantly reduced the LTIP grant size for the CEO from 400 per cent of base
salary (on a face value basis) to 200 per cent and a rebalancing to a CDP award with a long-term focus. As a result, the remuneration for Mike Henry
reported above reflects the transition to this structure and includes the full amounts of the CDP award earned during FY2022 and FY2021 (i.e.
irrespective that some elements of the CDP award are deferred) together with the full amounts of the pre-existing LTIP awards vesting at the end of
FY2022 and FY2021 which were granted in 2017 and 2016, respectively (i.e. when the LTIP award size was double the current grant size).

Had the current remuneration framework been in place when Mike’s 2017 and 2016 LTIP awards were granted and a reduced size awarded, the reported
LTIP values would have been US$4.356 million for FY2022 and US$3.970 million for FY2021 (instead of US$8.712 million and US$7.939 million in
the table above). The reported total remuneration would have therefore been US$10.311 million for FY2022 and US$10.652 million for FY2021
(instead of US$14.667 million and US$14.621 million in the table above).

                                                                           157
CEO pay ratio
The FY2022 CEO pay ratio, calculated using the reported total fixed and variable remuneration above for the CEO, and compared to the median
remuneration for all of our employees worldwide was 123:1 (FY2021 – 130:1). The remuneration calculation for all employees is based on actual
earnings for the 12 months to 31 March 2022, including annual incentive payments for employees calculated using the Group performance outcome, and
vested equity received if applicable. Pension contributions are calculated as the total cost of contributions made by the Group over the 12-month period.
Employees on international assignments have been excluded from the analysis as their remuneration structures are generally not consistent with the
remuneration received by the CEO as noted in the table above.

The FY2022 ratio of 123:1 at the median compared to the FY2021 ratio of 130:1 reflects the proportion of the CEO’s pay being more heavily weighted
to variable pay, including share-based long-term incentives, than for other employees. The change from FY2021 to FY2022 is driven by a lower FY2022
CDP outcome of 96 per cent (FY2021: 115 per cent) for the CEO, a higher value of the CEO’s vested LTIP award in FY2022 compared to FY2021 and
an increase in the median remuneration for all of our employees worldwide.

The Group believes the median pay ratio reflects the diversity of our global business footprint and employee population. BHP’s remuneration policies
and practices are based on a high degree of alignment and consistency, with total remuneration at all levels providing a competitive package that enables
the attraction and retention of talent while also providing at-risk remuneration based on performance.


3.2   FY2022 CDP performance outcomes
The Board and the Committee assessed the Executive KMP’s CDP outcomes in light of the Group’s performance in FY2022 and took into account
performance against the measures in each Executive KMP’s CDP scorecard. For the CEO, the Board and the Committee determined a CDP outcome for
FY2022 at 96 per cent against the target of 100 per cent (which represents an outcome of 64 per cent against maximum). The Board and Committee
believe this outcome is appropriately aligned with the shareholder experience and the interests of the Group’s other stakeholders.

The CEO’s CDP scorecard outcome for FY2022 is summarised in the following tables, including a narrative description of each performance measure
and the CEO’s level of achievement, as determined by the Committee and approved by the Board. The level of performance for each measure is
determined based on a range of threshold (the minimum necessary to qualify for any reward outcome), target (where the performance requirements are
met), and maximum (where the performance requirements are significantly exceeded).


Summary of outcomes for the CEO




HSEC
The HSEC targets for the CEO are aligned to the Group’s 2030 public sustainability goals. As it has done for several years, when assessing HSEC
performance against the scorecard targets, the Committee seeks guidance from the Sustainability Committee. The Committee has taken a holistic view
of Group performance in critical areas, including considering any additional matters outside the scorecard targets that the Sustainability Committee has
provided and considers relevant.

The performance commentary below is provided against the HSEC scorecard targets, which were set on the basis of operated assets only.

                                                                           158
HSEC measures                 Scorecard targets         Performance against scorecard targets                                            Measure outcome
Significant events            No significant (actual    •   There were no fatalities or other significant HSEC events during             Between target and
                              level 4) health, safety       FY2022 at operated assets.                                                   maximum.
                              (including fatalities),
                                                        •   In addition, for a maximum outcome to be awarded, strong progress
                              environment or
                                                            was required on the development and implementation of controls in
                              community events
                                                            relation to the Fatality Elimination Program, sexual harassment and
                              during the year.
                                                            cultural heritage, and this was achieved in relation to the Fatality
                                                            Elimination Program and cultural heritage for FY2022. While we
                                                            continued to make progress on the implementation of our actions to
                                                            eliminate sexual harassment during FY2022, we have more to do in
                                                            FY2023.
Climate change                Reported GHG           •      For FY2022, we improved on our operational GHG emissions target of Between target and
                              emissions in FY2022           14.6Mt, with an outcome of 12.5Mt1, which was greater than 10%     maximum.
                              are below the FY2017          below the target (i.e. required for maximum).
                              level.
                                                     •      Each region presented 90% of GHG reduction projects schedules and
                              A majority of planned         adaptation plans, updated for material changes, which were
                              decarbonisation               incorporated in the planning process. The completion of early stage
                              projects are presented        development studies that contributed to the Group’s medium term
                              for tollgates and all         target and financial and economic evaluation of physical climate
                              asset adaptation plans        change risks and adaptation measures (i.e. both required for maximum)
                              are updated.                  was largely completed, with work continuing into FY2023.
                              Work undertaken as        •   During the year, we commenced Phase 1 work for each of the three
                              planned under                 strategic Memorandum of Understandings (MOUs) signed with steel
                              partnerships with             customers in FY2021 (China Baowu (China), JFE Steel Corporation
                              strategic customers in        (Japan) and HBIS Limited (China)), including the commencement and
                              the steel sector              delivery of work plans for each partnership. An additional steelmaking
                              established in                partnership MOU was signed with POSCO (South Korea) in October
                              FY2021, one more              2021, a new customer partnership was signed focussed on plant trials
                              partnership                   with Zenith Steel (China), and a review of BHP Scope 3 goals and
                              formalised, and a             methodology was completed. An industrial scale sinter plant emission
                              review of Scope 3             reduction trial (i.e. required for maximum) was commenced with
                              goals and estimation          Zenith Steel in May 2022 relating to the optimisation stage of steel
                              methodologies                 decarbonisation.
                              completed.
Management of priority        All priority TSFs are •       All priority TSFs are within appetite based on key risk indicator data or Target.
tailings storage facilities   assessed based on key         continued operation outside appetite is approved with remediation
(TSFs)                        risk indicator data,          progressing to plan.
                              and are either within
                                                    •       We have continued improving our key risk indicator performance with
                              appetite or continued
                                                            85% of all key risk indicators for priority TSFs rated either on target or
                              operation outside
                                                            less risk being taken than target, against a target of 85% and 90%
                              appetite is approved
                                                            required for maximum.
                              with remediation
                              progressing to plan.

The outcome against the HSEC measure for FY2022 was 31 per cent out of the target of 25 per cent.

1     As reported to the Sustainability Committee and Remuneration Committee meetings in early August 2022 and considered for the purposes of
      determining FY2022 CDP outcomes. The GHG emissions for FY2022 are subject to third-party verification.


Financial
ROCE is underlying profit after taxation (excluding after-taxation finance costs and exceptional items) divided by average capital employed. ROCE is
the key financial measure against which CDP outcomes for our senior executives are measured and is, in our view, a relevant measure to assess the
financial performance of the Group for this purpose. While ROCE excludes exceptional items, the Committee reviews each exceptional item to assess if
it should be included in the result when determining the ROCE CDP outcome.

When we are assessing management’s performance, we make adjustments to the ROCE result to allow for changes in commodity prices, foreign
exchange movements and other material items (from the levels assumed in setting the targets) to ensure the assessment appropriately measures outcomes
that are within the control and influence of the Group and its executives. Of these, changes in commodity prices have historically been the most material
due to volatility in prices and the impact on Group revenue and ROCE. As it has done for several years, the Committee seeks guidance each year from
the Risk and Audit Committee when assessing financial performance against scorecard targets.

                                                                              159
Financial
measure                Scorecard targets                                        Performance against scorecard targets           Measure outcome
ROCE                   For FY2022, the target for ROCE was 38.1%, with a        ROCE of 48.7% was reported by BHP for           Below target.
                       threshold of 33.5% and a maximum of 42.0%.               FY2022. Adjusted for the factors outlined
                                                                                below, ROCE is 36.3%, which is below target.
                       Achievement of the ROCE target will result in a target
                                                                                The following adjustments were made to
                       CDP outcome. The ROCE target considers the upside
                                                                                ensure the outcomes appropriately reflect the
                       opportunities and downside risks inherent in BHP’s
                                                                                performance of management for the year:
                       businesses, and is an outcome that the Committee
                       believes would be a level of performance that            •    The full elimination of the impacts of
                       shareholders would view positively. The maximum               positive movements in commodities
                       and threshold are an appropriate range of ROCE                prices and exchange rates decreased
                       outcomes, given the upside opportunities and                  ROCE by 6.9 percentage points.
                       downside risks, that represent an upper limit of stretch
                                                                                •    Adjustments for other material items
                       outperformance that would represent the maximum
                                                                                     made to ensure the outcomes reflect the
                       CDP award, and a lower limit of underperformance
                                                                                     performance of management for the year
                       below which no CDP award should be made.
                                                                                     decreased ROCE by 5.5 percentage
                       The performance range around target is subject to a           points. This was mainly due to the
                       greater level of downside risk than there is upside           elimination of the positive effect on
                       opportunity, mainly due to physical and regulatory            reported ROCE outcomes of lower
                       asset constraints. Accordingly, the range between             depreciation and lower asset values in the
                       threshold and target is somewhat greater than that            closing balance sheet due to the merger of
                       between target and maximum. For maximum, the                  the Petroleum business with Woodside
                       Committee takes care not to create leveraged                  and the sale of our interest in BMC. This
                       incentives that encourage executives to push for short-       downwards adjustment was necessary to
                       term performance that goes beyond our risk appetite           ensure the basis of the ROCE outcome
                       and current operational capacity.                             for CDP purposes was the same as the
                                                                                     basis upon which Petroleum and our
                       The Committee retains, and has a track record of
                                                                                     interest in BMC were included in the
                       applying, downward discretion (but not upwards
                                                                                     ROCE target for FY2022.
                       discretion) to ensure the CDP outcome is appropriately
                       aligned with the overall performance of the Group for •       Having reviewed the FY2022 exceptional
                       the year, and is fair and equitable to management and         items (as described in Financial
                       shareholders.                                                 Statements note 3 Exceptional items), the
                                                                                     Committee determined these should not
                                                                                     be considered for the purposes of
                                                                                     determining the FY2022 ROCE CDP
                                                                                     outcome and that no further action was
                                                                                     required in respect of exceptional items.
                                                                              The key drivers of the FY2022 ROCE
                                                                              outcome of 36.3% being below the target for
                                                                              FY2022 of 38.1% set at the commencement of
                                                                              the year were:
                                                                              •   In Minerals Australia, production volumes
                                                                                  were lower than expected mainly driven
                                                                                  by labour and supply constraints across
                                                                                  most assets associated with COVID-19,
                                                                                  delays in the ramp up of South Flank at
                                                                                  Western Australian Iron Ore, labour
                                                                                  availability issues and interrupted
                                                                                  autonomous haulage rollout at BMA, and
                                                                                  the longer than planned duration of the
                                                                                  smelter maintenance campaign at
                                                                                  Olympic Dam. In addition, input prices
                                                                                  were higher across all assets.
                                                                              •   In Minerals Americas, in addition to
                                                                                  unplanned maintenance and higher input
                                                                                  prices at all assets, production volumes
                                                                                  were impacted by lower than expected
                                                                                  recoveries at Pampa Norte due to plant
                                                                                  design issues related to the Spence
                                                                                  Growth Option and higher clay content,
                                                                                  and lower than expected copper
                                                                                  concentrator feed grade at Escondida.
                                                                              •   In Petroleum, despite achieving planned
                                                                                  production, sales volumes were lower
                                                                                  than expected due to unfavourable timing,
                                                                                  partly offset by better than expected cost
                                                                                  performance.

The outcome against the ROCE measure for FY2022 was 40 per cent out of the target of 50 per cent.

                                                                       160
Individual measures for the CEO
Individual measures for the CEO are determined at the commencement of the financial year. The application of personal measures remains an important
element of effective performance management. These measures seek to provide a balance between the financial and non-financial performance
requirements that maintain our position as a leader in our industry. The CEO’s individual measures for FY2022 included contribution to BHP’s overall
performance and the management team, and the delivery of projects and initiatives within the scope of the CEO role as specified by the Board, as set out
in the table below.

Individual                                                                                                                            Measure
measures          Individual scorecard targets            Performance against scorecard targets                                       outcome
Social value      Deliver a successful Say on Climate     •   The Climate Transition Action Plan/Say on Climate was                   Target.
                  outcome at the 2021 AGMs.                   successfully approved at the 2021 AGMs with 85% of votes in
                                                              favour.
                  Deliver an external update on BHP’s     •    A Social Value Framework (SVF) was developed and approved by
                  embedment and measurement of                 the Board in October 2021 and subsequently deployed across
                  Social Value.                                BHP. In June 2022, the SVF was presented to our workforce as
                                                               well as externally via an investor roundtable, and both internal and
                                                               external engagements were received positively.
People            Increase in female participation by     •    Female participation increased in FY2022 by 2.5 percentage             Below target.
                  three percentage points.                     points to 32.3% at 30 June 2022, compared to 29.8% at 30 June
                                                               2021.
                  Engagement and Perception Survey   •         While most of our people continue to feel safe, engaged and
                  (EPS) improvement survey on survey           enabled, our EPS results declined marginally in FY2022. The EPS
                  over the year and substantively              results of lower performing teams were, on average, similar in
                  improve lower performing teams.              FY2022 compared to the prior year, even though a number of
                                                               lower performing teams did show improvement.
Performance       >90% of BHP Operating System            •    94% of BOS deployments are on track according to plan. 88% of          Slightly above
                  (BOS) deployments on track,                  BOS sites at the end of deployment achieved an OEI score above         target.
                  Operational Excellence Indicator             the target of 40 (with an average OEI score of 43). 91% of sites
                  (OEI) > 40 at 75% of sites at end of         already in deployment recorded an assessment-on-assessment
                  deployment, and > 75% improving              improvement over FY2022.
                  OEI improving
                  assessment-on-assessment for other
                  sites.
                  Enable the data strategy and            •    The data strategy has been reinforced to enable value creation
                  associated value creation through            through transformation of data accuracy, consistency and cloud-
                  transforming data accuracy,                  native access. We have also established a data analytics operating
                  consistency and access.                      model which retains capabilities in the assets and functions whilst
                                                               enabling standards and tool replication across the Group to
                                                               remove duplication, and migrated 1SAP and an additional 78
                                                               applications to the cloud to unlock enhanced performance and
                                                               enhance cybersecurity.
Portfolio         Progress the strategic review           •    We made strong progress on strategic review activities as              Slightly above
                  activities with respect to Petroleum,        approved by the Board, including the merger of our Petroleum           target.
                  our interest in BMC and New South            business with Woodside (completed in June 2022), and the
                  Wales Energy Coal as approved by             divestments of our interests in Cerrejón (completed in January
                  the Board.                                   2022) and BMC (completed in May 2022). In June 2022, we
                                                               announced that we will retain New South Wales Energy Coal and
                                                               will seek approval to continue mining through to cessation of
                                                               operations in FY2030.
                  Additional nickel and copper search     •    While we secured additional investments in nickel and copper
                  spaces captured.                             projects, the public offer made for Noront Resources (nickel) was
                                                               unsuccessful.
                  Continued maturation of the            •     Our pursuit of innovation has progressed, with 60 innovation
                  innovation and venture business units.       concepts generated for evaluation in FY2022. Strong progress also
                                                               continues across ventures, with 9 investments executed during
                                                               FY2022, while ventures also supported market intelligence in our
                                                               strategic evaluations of new products and processes.

Overall, it was considered the performance of the CEO against the individual measures for FY2022 had met expectations and warranted an outcome
aligned to the target of 25 per cent.

The CDP performance measures for other Executive KMP for FY2022 are similar to those of the CEO outlined above. However, for the other Executive
KMP, the weighting of each performance measure will vary to reflect the focus required from each Executive KMP role. As with the CEO, individual
performance measures are determined at the start of the financial year. These include the other Executive KMP’s contribution to the delivery of projects
and initiatives within the scope of their role and the overall performance of the Group. Individual performance of other Executive KMP was reviewed
against these measures by the Committee and, on average, were considered to have met expectations and warranted an outcome aligned with target.

                                                                          161
The diagram below represents the FY2022 CDP weightings and outcomes against the original scorecard for other Executive KMP.




3.3   FY2022 LTIP performance outcomes
The five-year performance period for the 2017 LTIP award for relevant Executive KMP ended on 30 June 2022. Vesting is subject to achievement of the
relative TSR performance conditions and any discretion applied by the Committee (refer to 3.4 Overarching discretion and vesting underpin).

For the 2017 LTIP award to vest in full, BHP’s TSR over the performance period from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2022 must be at or exceed the 80th
percentile of the Sector Group TSR and the World TSR. TSR includes returns to BHP shareholders in the form of share price movements along with
dividends paid and reinvested in BHP (including cash and in-specie dividends).

BHP’s TSR performance was positive 181.7 per cent over the five-year period from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2022. This is above the 80th percentile of the
Sector Group TSR of positive 168.7 per cent and above the 80th percentile of the World TSR of positive 128.8 per cent over the same period. This level
of performance results in 100 per cent vesting for the 2017 LTIP award. The value of the CEO’s vested 2017 LTIP award has been reported in 3.1
FY2022 remuneration received by the CEO.

The graph below shows BHP’s performance relative to comparator groups.




The value of the vested 2017 LTIP award is higher than the value of the award at the time it was granted. With the share price having risen appreciably
during the five-year period and strong dividends, 44 per cent of the value realised is due to the value at the time the awards were granted and 56 per cent
is due to share price appreciation and dividends. This value increment due to share price appreciation and dividends is consistent with the experience of
shareholders over the period.

3.4   Overarching discretion and vesting underpin
The rules of the CDP and LTIP and the terms and conditions of the awards provide the Committee with an overarching discretion to reduce the number
of awards that will vest, notwithstanding that the performance condition or the relevant service conditions have been met.

This overarching discretion is a holistic, qualitative judgement and is applied as an underpin test before final vesting is confirmed. It is an important risk
management tool to ensure vesting is not simply driven by a formula or the passage of time that may give unexpected or unintended remuneration
outcomes.

The Committee considers its discretion carefully each year ahead of the scheduled vesting of CDP and LTIP equity awards in August. It considers
performance holistically over the five-year period, including a five-year ‘look back’ on HSEC performance, profitability, cash flow, balance sheet health,
returns to shareholders, corporate governance and conduct. For the five years from FY2018 to FY2022, the Committee noted BHP’s continued
improvement in HSEC outcomes, strong operational performance with improving production and cost performance, and significant returns to
shareholders, together with no governance or conduct issues of note.
Firstly, in respect of the vesting of CDP two-year deferred shares (granted in November 2020 in respect of performance in FY2020), the Committee
chose not to exercise its discretion and allowed the CDP awards to vest in full.

Secondly, in respect of the vesting of the 2017 LTIP five-year performance shares, the formulaic outcome of the 2017 LTIP was 100 per cent vesting.
Having undertaken the ‘look back’ review described above, the Committee concluded the vesting outcome was appropriate given Group and individual
performance, and chose not to exercise its discretion and allowed 100 per cent of the LTIP awards to vest. There is no upwards discretion available to
the Committee in respect of the LTIP and the overarching discretion may only reduce the number of awards that may vest.

                                                                             162
3.5   Sign-on performance shares
David Lamont joined BHP as Chief Financial Officer on 1 December 2020. David left his former employer, CSL Limited (CSL), a major Australian
company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange, on 30 October 2020. As a consequence of his resignation, certain CSL incentive awards, which were
expected to have been paid or vested in 2021 and beyond, were foregone. Replacement BHP awards were provided in accordance with BHP’s
remuneration framework. In accordance with that policy, remuneration that David forfeited or did not receive as a consequence of leaving CSL to join
BHP was partly replaced with 86,279 performance shares (i.e. 77,000 awards granted plus 9,279 additional uplift awards allocated as part of the merger
of the Petroleum business with Woodside) and the Committee determined appropriate service and performance conditions.

The performance conditions were a holistic assessment of underlying financial performance of BHP and personal performance of David during the
vesting period. At the time of grant, the target was 80 per cent vesting of awards, with a maximum of 100 per cent and a minimum of zero.

The service condition was satisfied and the Committee assessed the performance condition over the relevant performance period (1 December 2020 to
30 June 2022). The Committee considered BHP’s TSR, the CDP finance measure outcomes and David’s personal performance (with guidance on this
assessment from the CEO).

In particular, the Committee considered the following information over the relevant period:
•     BHP’s relative TSR performance was slightly above the weighted median of BHP’s sector peers
•     BHP’s financial performance, as measured by the CDP finance measure outcomes, was slightly below target
•     the CEO’s view that David had performed in line with expectations in his role

The Committee exercised its discretion and determined to vest 80 per cent or 69,023 of the performance shares. The awards which will not vest will
instead lapse. A holding lock will apply to the vested shares until August 2023, at which time they will be released to David. Should David voluntarily
resign or retire during the holding lock period, or be terminated for cause, the shares subject to the holding lock will be forfeited.


3.6   LTIP allocated during FY2022
Following shareholder approval at the 2021 AGMs, 107,183 LTIP awards (in the form of performance rights) were granted to the CEO on 23 November
2021. The face value of the CEO’s award was 200 per cent of his base salary of US$1.700 million at the time of grant. The fair value of the awards is
ordinarily calculated by multiplying the face value of the award by the fair value factor of 41 per cent (for the current plan design, as determined by the
independent adviser to the Committee). The 107,183 LTIP awards for the CEO was determined based on the US$ face value of the LTIP awards of
US$3.400 million and calculated using the average share price and US$/A$ exchange rate over the 12 months up to and including 30 June 2021. LTIP
awards granted to other Executive KMP during FY2022 were calculated on the same basis as described above for the CEO, except that awards for other
Executive KMP had a face value of 175 per cent of base salary.
In addition to the LTIP terms set out in 2.2 Remuneration framework operation, the Committee has determined the following terms for the 2021 LTIP:

Performance period                •    1 July 2021 to 30 June 2026
Performance conditions            •    An averaging period of six months will be used in the TSR calculations.
                                  •    BHP’s TSR relative to the weighted median TSR of sector peer companies selected by the Committee (Sector
                                       Group TSR) and the MSCI World Index (World TSR) will determine the vesting of 67% and 33% of the award,
                                       respectively.
                                  •    Each company in the sector peer group is weighted by market capitalisation. The maximum weighting for any one
                                       company is 25% and the minimum is set at 0.4% to reduce sensitivity to any single sector peer company.
                                  •    For the whole of either portion of the award to vest, BHP’s TSR must be at or exceed the weighted 80th percentile
                                       of the Sector Group TSR or the World TSR (as applicable). Threshold vesting (25% of each portion of the award)
                                       occurs where BHP’s TSR equals the weighted 50th percentile (i.e. the median) of the Sector Group TSR or the
                                       World TSR (as applicable). Vesting occurs on a sliding scale between the weighted 50th and 80th percentiles.
Sector peer group                 •    Resources (85%): Anglo American, Fortescue Metals, Freeport-McMoRan, Glencore, Rio Tinto, Southern
  companies(1)                         Copper, Teck Resources, Vale.
                                  •    Oil and gas (15%): Apache, BP, Canadian Natural Res., Chevron, ConocoPhillips, Devon Energy, EOG
                                       Resources, ExxonMobil, Occidental Petroleum, Shell, Woodside.

1     From November 2018, CONSOL Energy was removed from the sector comparator group, as due to its internal restructuring it had become a less
      comparable peer.



                                                                            163
3.7   FY2023 remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP
The remuneration for the CEO and other Executive KMP in FY2023 will be in accordance with 2.2 Remuneration framework operation.


Base salary review
Base salaries are reviewed annually and increases are applicable from 1 September. The CEO commenced in the role on 1 January 2020 and did not
receive a base salary increase in FY2021 or FY2022. The Board and the Committee have assessed the CEO and other Executive KMP’s performance
and determined that, as of 1 September 2022:
•     The CEO’s and other Executive KMP’s base salaries will increase by 3 per cent following a review by the Committee of the external market
      demand for senior executive talent and updated benchmarking. The Committee considers the increases modest in this context, as well as being
      below the median salary increase applied for other BHP employees of approximately 4 per cent.
•     In addition, having reviewed Ragnar Udd’s performance and development in role since appointment in November 2020, including the dynamic
      context and growing importance of the Americas region to the Group, the Committee provided an additional increase of 6 per cent increase in base
      salary (i.e. 9 per cent in total).

The CEO’s and other Executive KMP’s base salaries will be kept under review in future years to ensure they remain competitive.


FY2023 CDP performance measures
For FY2023, the Board and the Committee have set the following CDP scorecard performance measures for the CEO. The weighting of each
performance measure and specific individual performance measures will vary for other Executive KMP to reflect the focus required from each of them
in their role:

Performance categories                             Weighting                                         Target measures
Safety and Sustainability                                 25%         The following Safety and Sustainability (previously HSEC) performance
                                                                      measures are designed to incentivise achievement of the Group’s public goals.
                                                                      Significant events (10%): No significant (actual level 4) health, safety (including
                                                                      fatalities), environment or community events during the year. Achievement of
                                                                      sexual harassment and Fatality Implementation Program FY2023 deliverables.
                                                                      Climate change (10%): FY2023 GHG emissions targets met, aligned with
                                                                      progress towards the 2030 medium term target. A majority of planned
                                                                      decarbonisation projects are presented for tollgates or milestones as scheduled.
                                                                      Progress Memorandum of Understanding commitments with steel customers.
                                                                      Indigenous partnerships (5%): Achieve uplift in Indigenous, Traditional Owner
                                                                      and First Nations vendor procurement. Planned progress on Indigenous
                                                                      employment/participation targets. Release revised Global Indigenous Peoples
                                                                      Strategy.
Financial                                                   50%       ROCE is underlying profit after taxation (excluding after-taxation finance costs
                                                                      and exceptional items) divided by average capital employed. When assessing
                                                                      management’s performance, adjustments are made to the ROCE result to allow
                                                                      for changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange movements and other
                                                                      material items to ensure the assessment appropriately measures outcomes that
                                                                      are within the control and influence of the Group and its executives. For reasons
                                                                      of commercial sensitivity, the target for ROCE is not disclosed in advance.
Individual                                                  25%       The CEO’s individual measures for FY2023 comprise the contribution to BHP’s
                                                                      overall performance and the management team and the delivery of projects and
                                                                      initiatives within the scope of the CEO role as set out by the Board. These
                                                                      include projects and initiatives in respect of social value, people, performance
                                                                      and portfolio.
                                                                      These performance measures are aligned with medium and long-term strategy
                                                                      aspirations that are intended to drive long-term value for shareholders and other
                                                                      stakeholders, and the Board considers a 25% weighting in the CDP to be
                                                                      appropriate for these important elements.
                                                                      Individual performance measures for other Executive KMP similarly contribute
                                                                      to the delivery of projects and initiatives within the scope of their role and
                                                                      BHP’s overall performance.

                                                                         164
FY2023 LTIP award
The maximum face value of the CEO’s FY2023 LTIP award under the remuneration framework is US$3.500 million, being 200 per cent of the CEO’s
base salary at the time of grant. The number of LTIP awards in FY2023 has been determined using the share price and US$/A$ exchange rate over the
12 months up to and including 30 June 2022 (adjusted to eliminate the value of the in-specie dividend distributed in connection with the merger of
BHP’s Petroleum business with Woodside from the daily BHP Group Limited share prices between 1 July 2021 to 31 May 2022). Based on this, a
FY2023 grant of 118,853 LTIP awards is proposed and approval for this LTIP grant will be sought from shareholders at the 2022 AGM. If approved, the
award will be granted following the AGM (i.e. in or around November 2022, subject to securities dealing considerations). The FY2023 LTIP award will
use the same performance and service conditions as the FY2022 LTIP award, except that the MSCI World Metals and Mining Index will replace the
sector group companies comparator group, due to the merger of the Petroleum business with Woodside. Accordingly, the FY2023 LTIP award will use
the following comparator groups: the new MSCI World Metals and Mining Index and the existing MSCI World Index, which will determine the vesting
of 67 per cent and 33 per cent of the award, respectively.

LTIP awards granted to other Executive KMP during FY2023 will be calculated on the same basis as described above for the CEO, except that awards
for other Executive KMP will have a maximum face value of 175 per cent of base salary.


4     Remuneration for Non-executive Directors
Our remuneration framework for Non-executive Directors aligns with the Australian Securities Exchange Corporate Governance Council’s Principles
and Recommendations (4th Edition).


4.1    Remuneration framework
The following table shows the components for Non-executive Directors’ remuneration. Non-executive Directors are not eligible to participate in any
CDP or LTIP awards.

                                                            Fees                                                          Benefits
Purpose and link to strategy     Competitive fees are paid in order to attract and            Competitive benefits are paid in order to attract and retain
                                 retain high-quality individuals, and to provide              high-quality individuals and adequately remunerate them for
                                 appropriate remuneration for the role undertaken.            the role undertaken, including the considerable travel burden.
                                 Fees are set at a competitive level based on
                                 benchmarks and advice provided by external
                                 advisers.
Remuneration components          The Chair is paid a single fee for all responsibilities.     Travel allowances are paid on a per-trip basis reflecting the
                                 Non-executive Directors are paid a base fee and              considerable travel burden imposed on members of the Board
                                 relevant committee membership fees. Committee                as a consequence of the global nature of the organisation and
                                 Chairs and the Senior Independent Director are paid          apply when a Director needs to travel internationally to attend
                                 an additional fee to reflect their extra responsibilities.   a Board meeting or site visits at our multiple geographic
                                                                                              locations.
                                 All fee levels are reviewed annually and any changes
                                 are ordinarily effective from 1 July.                  As a consequence of our prior dual listed company structure,
                                                                                        Non-executive Directors are required to prepare personal tax
                                 Fee levels reflect the size and complexity of the
                                                                                        returns in Australia and the UK, regardless of whether they
                                 Group and the geographies in which the Group
                                                                                        reside in one or neither of those countries. They are
                                 operates. The economic environment and the
                                                                                        accordingly reimbursed for the costs of personal tax return
                                 financial performance of the Group are taken into
                                                                                        preparation in whichever of the UK and/or Australia is not
                                 account. Consideration is also given to salary reviews
                                                                                        their place of residence (including payment of the tax cost
                                 across the rest of the Group.
                                                                                        associated with the provision of the benefit).
                                 Where the payment of pension contributions is
                                 required by law, these contributions are deducted
                                 from the Director’s overall fee entitlements.

                                                                             165
Letters of appointment
The Board has adopted a letter of appointment that contains the terms on which Non-executive Directors will be appointed, including the basis upon
which they will be indemnified by the Group. The Board has adopted a policy under which all Non-executive Directors must seek re-election at the
AGM each year. As a result of requiring re-election each year, Non-executive Directors do not have a fixed term in their letter of appointment.

The maximum aggregate fees payable to Non-executive Directors (including the Chair) were approved by shareholders at the 2008 AGMs at
US$3.800 million per annum. This sum includes base fees, Committee fees and pension contributions. Travel allowances and non-monetary benefits are
not included in this limit.


Payments on early termination or loss of office
There are no provisions in any of the Non-executive Directors’ appointment arrangements for compensation payable on early termination of their
directorship. A Non-executive Director may resign on reasonable notice. No payments are made to Non-executive Directors on loss of office.


4.2   Non-executive Directors’ remuneration in FY2023
In FY2023, the remuneration for the Non-executive Directors will be paid in accordance with the remuneration framework set out above. Fee levels for
the Non-executive Directors and the Chair are reviewed annually. The review includes benchmarking against peer companies, with the assistance of
external advisers.

From 1 July 2017, the Chair’s annual fee was reduced by approximately 8 per cent from US$0.960 million to US$0.880 million and will remain at that
level for FY2023. This fee reduction was in addition to the reduction of approximately 13 per cent from US$1.100 million to US$0.960 million effective
1 July 2015. Base fee levels for Non-executive Directors will remain at the reduced levels that took effect from 1 July 2015, at which time they were
reduced by approximately 6 per cent from US$0.170 million to US$0.160 million per annum.

The below table sets out the annualised total remuneration and total fixed fees for FY2023, which remain unchanged from FY2022.

Levels of fees and travel allowances for Non-executive Directors (in US$)                                                                  From 1 July 2022
Base annual fee                                                                                                                                     160,000
Plus additional fees for:
Senior Independent Director                                                                                                                             48,000
Committee Chair:
Risk and Audit                                                                                                                                         60,000
Remuneration                                                                                                                                           45,000
Sustainability                                                                                                                                         45,000
Nomination and Governance                                                                                                                    No additional fee
Committee membership:
Risk and Audit                                                                                                                                          32,500
Remuneration                                                                                                                                            27,500
Sustainability                                                                                                                                          27,500
Nomination and Governance                                                                                                                               18,000
Travel allowance:1
Greater than 3 but less than 10 hours                                                                                                                   7,000
10 hours or more                                                                                                                                       15,000
Chair’s fee                                                                                                                                           880,000

1     In relation to travel for Board business, the time thresholds relate to the flight time to travel to the meeting location (i.e. one way flight time). Only
      one travel allowance is paid per round trip.

                                                                              166
5     Statutory KMP remuneration and other disclosures
5.1     KMP remuneration table
The table below has been prepared in accordance with relevant accounting standards. Remuneration data for KMP are for the periods of FY2021 and
FY2022 that they were KMP. More information on the framework and operation of each element of remuneration is provided earlier in this Report.

    Share-based payments
    The figures included in the shaded columns of the statutory table below for share-based payments were not actually provided to the Executive KMP
    including the CEO during FY2022 or FY2021. These amounts are calculated in accordance with accounting standards and are the amortised IFRS
    fair values at grant date of equity and equity-related instruments that have been granted to the executives. For information on awards that were
    allocated and vested during FY2022 and FY2021, refer to 5.2 Equity awards.

                                                                                                  Post-
                                                                                               employment
                                                               Short-term benefits               benefits          Share-based payments
                                            Base
                            Financial      salary /   Annual cash   Non-monetary      Other    Retirement   Value of CDP/STIP     Value of LTIP
US$(‘000)                     year          Fees1      incentive2     benefits3      benefits4 benefits5        awards2, 6          awards6       Total
Executive Director
Mike Henry                        FY2022     1,700          1,306             168          –          170                 1,890           2,297   7,531
                                  FY2021     1,700          1,564             120          –          170                 1,487           2,315   7,356
Other Executive KMP
Edgar Basto                       FY2022       950           646                45         –           95                   698             786   3,220
                                  FY2021       950           866                60         –           95                   432             839   3,242
Peter Beaven7                     FY2021       417           400                39         –           83                   876             787   2,602
David Lamont                      FY2022       950           730                37       300           95                   615           1,754   4,481
                                  FY2021       554           510                42         –           55                   167             935   2,263
Daniel Malchuk7                   FY2021       333           307                23         –           67                   765             620   2,115
Geraldine Slattery                FY2022       850           700                 –       695          128                 1,019             856   4,248
                                  FY2021       800           800                25         –          160                   777             930   3,492
Ragnar Udd                        FY2022       850           653                32         –           85                   576             676   2,872
                                  FY2021       567           521                49       420           57                   190             483   2,287
Non-Executive Directors
Terry Bowen                       FY2022       248              –               –         32           15                    –               –     295
                                  FY2021       219              –               –          4           12                    –               –     235
Malcolm Broomhead                 FY2022       165              –               –         31           12                    –               –     208
                                  FY2021       195              –               –          3           10                    –               –     208
Ian Cockerill                     FY2022       233              –               –         61            –                    –               –     294
                                  FY2021       220              –               –          –            –                    –               –     220
Xiaoqun Clever8                   FY2022       193              –               –         18            –                    –               –     211
                                  FY2021       144              –               –          –            –                    –               –     144
Anita Frew9                       FY2022        81              –               –          2            –                    –               –      83
                                  FY2021       220              –               –          2            –                    –               –     222
Gary Goldberg3                    FY2022       301              –               –         71            –                    –               –     372
                                  FY2021       246              –               –          2            –                    –               –     248
Michelle Hinchliffe8              FY2022        64              –               –         30            –                    –               –      94
Susan Kilsby9                     FY2022        69              –               –         16            –                    –               –      85
                                  FY2021       220              –               –          1            –                    –               –     221
Ken MacKenzie                     FY2022       863              –               –         32           17                    –               –     912
                                  FY2021       864              –               –          4           16                    –               –     884
Lindsay Maxsted9                  FY2021        33              –               –          3            2                    –               –      38
John Mogford                      FY2022       234              –               –         17            –                    –               –     251
                                  FY2021       215              –               –          2            –                    –               –     217
Christine O’Reilly8               FY2022       276              –               –         32            –                    –               –     308
                                  FY2021       162              –               –          –            9                    –               –     171
Catherine Tanna8                  FY2022        49              –               –         30            4                    –               –      83
Shriti Vadera9                    FY2021        74              –               –          1            –                    –               –      75
Dion Weisler3                     FY2022       191              –               –         32           14                    –               –     237
                                  FY2021       178              –               –          1            9                    –               –     188

                                                                          167
1     Base salaries and fees shown in this table reflect the amounts paid over the 12-month period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022 for each Executive
      KMP and Non-Executive Director. There were no changes to Executive KMP base salaries during FY2022. The following Non-Executive
      Directors have received special exertion fees for additional or extra services they performed in FY2022 in connection with major transactions
      undertaken by the Group: in connection with the unification of BHP’s dual listed structure – Gary Goldberg received an additional fee of
      US$20,000 as Chair of the Transaction Committee and Ian Cockerill and Terry Bowen received US$12,500 each as members of the Transaction
      Committee; and in connection with the merger of the Petroleum business with Woodside – Christine O’Reilly received an additional fee of
      US$20,000 as Chair of the Transaction Committee and Terry Bowen and John Mogford received US$12,500 each as members of the Transaction
      Committee.
2     Annual cash incentive in this table is the cash portion of CDP awards earned in respect of performance during each financial year for each
      executive. CDP is provided one-third in cash and two-thirds in deferred equity (which are included in the Share-based payments columns of the
      table). The cash portion of CDP awards is paid to Executive KMP in September of the year following the relevant financial year. The minimum
      possible value awarded to each individual is nil and the maximum is 360 per cent of base salary (120 per cent in cash and 240 per cent in deferred
      equity). For FY2022, Executive KMP earned the following CDP awards as a percentage of the maximum (the remaining portion has been
      forfeited): Mike Henry 64 per cent, Edgar Basto 57 per cent, David Lamont 64 per cent, Geraldine Slattery 69 per cent, and Ragnar Udd 64 per
      cent. Peter Beaven’s and Daniel Malchuk’s FY2021 CDP was paid in cash and prorated to reflect the period served until they ceased to be KMP on
      30 November 2020 and 31 October 2020 respectively.
3     Non-monetary benefits are non-pensionable and include items such as net leave accruals, private family health insurance, spouse business-related
      travel, car parking, fringe benefits tax and personal tax return preparation in required countries.
4     Other benefits are non-pensionable and for FY2022 include a sign-on cash award on commencement of employment for David Lamont
      representing compensation for remuneration that David forfeited or did not receive as a consequence of leaving CSL to join BHP in 2020; an
      encashment of annual leave entitlements under the US Annual Leave policy for Geraldine Slattery, together with a retention award for Geraldine
      to ensure her services were retained by BHP after the August 2021 announcement of the merger of the Petroleum business with Woodside; and in
      FY2021, a one-off relocation allowance (with no trailing entitlements) provided to Ragnar Udd relating to his international relocation from
      Australia to Chile. The majority of the amounts disclosed for benefits for Non-executive Directors are usually travel allowances (amounts of
      between US$ nil and US$70,000 for FY2022) however, the COVID-19 pandemic restricted Non-executive Director travel during FY2021 and
      FY2022. For FY2022, amounts of between US$ nil and US$4,000 are included in respect of tax return preparation; and amounts of between US$
      nil and US$1,500 are included in respect of the reimbursement of the tax cost associated with the provision of taxable benefits.
5     Retirement benefits for each Executive KMP in FY2021 and FY2022 were 10 per cent of base salary as per the remuneration framework, with the
      exception of the retirement benefits reported for Geraldine Slattery of 15 per cent of base salary for FY2022 and the retirement benefits reported
      for Peter Beaven, Daniel Malchuk and Geraldine Slattery of 20 per cent of base salary for FY2021 in accordance with prior remuneration
      framework. Non-Executive Director fees are inclusive of minimum superannuation contributions of up to 10 per cent of remuneration for FY2022
      in accordance with Australian superannuation legislation. No other pension contributions were paid.
6     The IFRS fair value of CDP and LTIP awards is estimated at grant date. Refer to Financial Statements note 25 Employee share ownership plans.
7     The remuneration reported for Peter Beaven and Daniel Malchuk reflects service as Executive KMP up to 30 November 2020 and 31 October
      2020, respectively.
8     The FY2021 remuneration for Xiaoqun Clever and Christine O’Reilly relates to part of the year only, as they joined the Board on 1 October 2020
      and 12 October 2020 respectively. The FY2022 remuneration for Michelle Hinchliffe and Catherine Tanna relates to part of the year only, as they
      joined the Board on 1 March 2022 and 4 April 2022 respectively.
9     The FY2022 remuneration for Anita Frew and Susan Kilsby relates to part of the year only, as they retired from the Board on 11 November 2021.
      The FY2021 remuneration for Lindsay Maxsted and Shriti Vadera relates to part of the year only, as they retired from the Board on 4 September
      2020 and 15 October 2020 respectively.


5.2   Equity awards
The interests held by Executive KMP under the Group’s employee equity plans are set out in the table below. Each equity award is a right to acquire one
ordinary share in BHP Group Limited upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions. Our mandatory minimum performance requirements for securities
dealing governs and restricts dealing arrangements and the provision of shares on vesting or exercise of awards. No interests under the Group’s
employee equity plans are held by related parties of Executive KMP.

Approval from BHP’s shareholders for the issue of equity awards to the CEO under the CDP and LTIP was obtained under ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at
the 2021 AGM.

DEP applies to awards provided to Executive KMP under the CDP and LTIP as detailed in 2.2 Remuneration framework operation. No DEP is payable
on MAP awards previously provided to Executive KMP.

Executive KMP received or will receive awards under the CDP, STIP and LTIP. The terms and conditions of CDP and LTIP awards, including the
performance conditions, are described in 2.2 Remuneration framework operation.

BHP senior management who are not KMP receive awards under the MAP. While no MAP awards were granted to Executive KMP after becoming
KMP, Edgar Basto, Geraldine Slattery and Ragnar Udd still hold MAP awards that were allocated to them prior to commencing their Executive KMP
service.

                                                                          168
                                                                                                                     Market price on date of:   Gain on       DEP on
                                          At 1 July                                         At 30 June Award vesting                            awards        awards
Award type                  Date of grant 2021      Granted   Uplift1   Vested       Lapsed 2022       date2         Grant3      Vesting4       (‘000)5       (‘000)
Mike Henry
CDP                         23-Nov-21           – 49,304            –       –             –     49,304   Aug 26        A$38.05             –          –             –
CDP                         23-Nov-21           – 49,304            –       –             –     49,304   Aug 23        A$38.05             –          –             –
CDP                         20-Oct-20      44,348       –           –       –             –     44,348   Aug 25        A$35.90             –          –             –
CDP                         20-Oct-20      44,348       –           –       –             –     44,348   Aug 22        A$35.90             –          –             –
STIP                        20-Nov-19      17,420       –           –  17,420             –          –   18 Aug 21     A$37.24       A$47.70     A$831          A$66
LTIP                        23-Nov-21           – 107,183           –       –             –    107,183   Aug 26        A$38.05             –          –             –
LTIP                        20-Oct-20     140,239       –           –       –             –    140,239   Aug 25        A$35.90             –          –             –
LTIP                        20-Nov-19     153,631       –           –       –             –    153,631   Aug 24        A$37.24             –          –             –
LTIP                        18-Dec-18     172,413       –           –       –             –    172,413   Aug 23        A$33.50             –          –             –
LTIP                        24-Nov-17     218,020       –           –       –             –    218,020   Aug 22        A$27.97             –          –             –
LTIP                        9-Dec-16      192,360       –           – 192,360             –          –   18 Aug 21     A$25.98       A$47.70    A$9,176       A$1,634
Edgar Basto
CDP                         23-Nov-21           –    27,312     3,292         –           –     30,604   Aug 26        A$38.05             –          –                –
CDP                         23-Nov-21           –    27,312     3,292         –           –     30,604   Aug 23        A$38.05             –          –                –
LTIP                        23-Nov-21           –    52,409     6,316         –           –     58,725   Aug 26        A$38.05             –          –                –
LTIP                        20-Oct-20      68,572         –     8,263         –           –     76,835   Aug 25        A$35.90             –          –                –
MAP                         19-May-20      28,245         –     3,404         –           –     31,649   Aug 24        A$35.05             –          –                –
MAP                         19-May-20      28,245         –     3,404         –           –     31,649   Aug 23        A$35.05             –          –                –
MAP                         25-Sep-19      28,245         –     3,404         –           –     31,649   Aug 22        A$36.53             –          –                –
MAP                         24-Sep-18      27,651         –         –    27,651           –          –   18 Aug 21     A$33.83       A$47.70    A$1,319                –
David Lamont
Performance shares          1-Dec-20       77,000         –     9,279            –        –     86,279   Aug 22        A$38.56              –             –            –
CDP                         23-Nov-21           –    16,072     1,937            –        –     18,009   Aug 26        A$38.05              –             –            –
CDP                         23-Nov-21           –    16,072     1,937            –        –     18,009   Aug 23        A$38.05              –             –            –
LTIP                        23-Nov-21           –    52,409     6,316            –        –     58,725   Aug 26        A$38.05              –             –            –
LTIP                        1-Dec-20       68,572         –     8,263            –        –     76,835   Aug 25        A$38.56              –             –            –
Geraldine Slattery
CDP                         23-Nov-21           –    25,219 3,039             –           –     28,258   Aug 26        A$38.05             –          –             –
CDP                         23-Nov-21           –    25,219 3,039             –           –     28,258   Aug 23        A$38.05             –          –             –
CDP                         20-Oct-20      25,490         – 3,072             –           –     28,562   Aug 25        A$35.90             –          –             –
CDP                         20-Oct-20      25,490         – 3,072             –           –     28,562   Aug 22        A$35.90             –          –             –
STIP                        20-Nov-19       6,628         –      –        6,628           –          –   18 Aug 21     A$37.24       A$47.70     A$316           A$25
LTIP                        23-Nov-21           –    46,892 5,651             –           –     52,543   Aug 26        A$38.05             –          –             –
LTIP                        20-Oct-20      54,136         – 6,524             –           –     60,660   Aug 25        A$35.90             –          –             –
LTIP                        20-Nov-19     104,748         – 12,623            –           –    117,371   Aug 24        A$37.24             –          –             –
MAP                         21-Feb-19      28,527         – 3,438             –           –     31,965   Aug 23        A$34.83             –          –             –
MAP                         21-Feb-19      28,527         – 3,438             –           –     31,965   Aug 22        A$34.83             –          –             –
MAP                         24-Sep-18      28,527         –              28,527           –          –   18 Aug 21     A$33.83       A$47.70    A$1,361             –
Ragnar Udd
CDP                         23-Nov-21           –    16,434     1,981         –           –     18,415   Aug 26        A$38.05             –          –                –
CDP                         23-Nov-21           –    16,434     1,981         –           –     18,415   Aug 23        A$38.05             –          –                –
LTIP                        23-Nov-21           –    46,892     5,651         –           –     52,543   Aug 26        A$38.05             –          –                –
LTIP                        2-Nov-20       61,354         –     7,394         –           –     68,748   Aug 25        A$33.81             –          –                –
MAP                         21-Aug-20      21,231         –     2,559         –           –     23,790   Aug 24        A$38.36             –          –                –
MAP                         21-Aug-20      21,231         –     2,559         –           –     23,790   Aug 23        A$38.36             –          –                –
MAP                         25-Sep-19      21,231         –     2,559         –           –     23,790   Aug 22        A$36.53             –          –                –
MAP                         24-Sep-18      25,565         –              25,565           –          –   18 Aug 21     A$33.83       A$47.70    A$1,219                –

1     Uplift awards granted as a consequence of the merger of the Petroleum business with Woodside. For the CEO shareholder approval for these
      awards will be sought at the 2022 AGM and following approval these would be granted in or around November 2022. Uplift awards for other
      Executive KMP were granted on 17 June 2022.
2     Where the vesting date is not yet known, the estimated vesting month is shown. Where awards lapse, the lapse date is shown. If the vesting
      conditions are met, awards will vest on or as soon as practicable after the first non-prohibited period date occurring after 30 June of the preceding
      year of vest. The year of vesting is the second (STIP and CDP two-year awards), third (MAP), fourth (MAP) or fifth (MAP, CDP five-year awards
      and LTIP) financial year after grant. All awards are conditional awards and have no exercise period, exercise price or expiry date; instead ordinary
      fully paid shares are automatically delivered upon the vesting conditions being met. Where vesting conditions are not met, the conditional awards
      will immediately lapse.
3     The market price shown is the closing price of BHP shares on the relevant date of grant. No price is payable by the individual to receive a grant of
      awards. The IFRS fair value of the CDP and LTIP awards granted in FY2022 at the grant date of 23 November 2021 are as follows: CDP –
      A$38.05 and LTIP – A$18.92.
4     The market price shown is the closing price of BHP shares on the relevant date of vest.
5     The gain on awards is calculated using the market price on date of vesting or exercise (as applicable) less any exercise price payable. The amounts
      that vested and were lapsed for the awards during FY2022 are as follows: CDP – 100 per cent vested; LTIP – 100 per cent vested; MAP – 100 per
      cent vested.

                                                                                 169
5.3   Estimated value range of equity awards
The current face value (and estimate of the maximum possible total value) of equity awards allocated during FY2022 and yet to vest are the awards as
set out in the previous table multiplied by the current share price of BHP Group Limited. The minimum possible total value of the awards is nil. The
actual value that may be received by participants in the future cannot be determined as it is dependent on and therefore fluctuates with the share prices of
BHP Group Limited at the date that any particular award vests or is exercised.


Five-year share price, dividend and earnings history
The table below provides the five-year share price history for BHP Group Limited, history of dividends paid and the Group’s earnings.

BHP Group Limited                                                                               FY2022       FY2021      FY2020      FY2019       FY2018
Share price at beginning of year                                                                A$48.22      A$35.82     A$41.68     A$33.60      A$23.23
Share price at end of year                                                                      A$41.25      A$48.57     A$35.82     A$41.16      A$33.91
Dividends paid                                                                                  A$10.181      A$2.07      A$2.13      A$3.082      A$1.24
Attributable profit (US$ million, as reported)                                                   30,900       11,304       7,956       8,306        3,705

1.    The FY2022 dividends paid includes A$5.38 in respect of the in-specie dividend associated with the merger of the Petroleum business with
      Woodside.
2     The FY2019 dividends paid includes A$1.41 in respect of the special dividend associated with the divestment of Onshore US.

The highest and lowest closing share price during FY2022 were A$54.06 and A$35.56 respectively.


5.4   Ordinary share holdings and transactions

The number of ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited held directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each individual (including shares held in the name of
all close members of the Director’s or Executive KMP’s family and entities over which either the Director or Executive KMP or the family member has,
directly or indirectly, control, joint control or significant influence) are shown below. No shares are held nominally by any KMP or their related parties.
These are ordinary shares held without performance conditions or restrictions and are included in MSR calculations for each individual.

                                                                       Held at                           Received as                            Held at
                                                                    1 July 20211       Purchased        remuneration2           Sold         30 June 2022
Mike Henry                                                               395,241               –              245,423          119,072            521,592
Edgar Basto                                                              134,889               –               27,651           32,502            130,038
David Lamont                                                               6,345               –                   –                –               6,345
Geraldine Slattery3, 4                                                   100,917               –               35,681            9,366            127,232
Ragnar Udd3                                                              105,816               –               25,565           12,426            118,955
Terry Bowen                                                               11,000               –                   –                –              11,000
Malcolm Broomhead                                                         19,000               –                   –                –              19,000
Xiaoqun Clever                                                             7,000           1,000                   –                –               8,000
Ian Cockerill3                                                            13,188            1,111                  –                –              14,299
Anita Frew6                                                               15,000               –                   –                –              15,000
Gary Goldberg4                                                            10,000           2,000                   –                –              12,000
Michelle Hinchliffe5                                                           –           8,508                   –                –               8,508
Susan Kilsby6                                                              6,900               –                   –                –               6,900
Ken MacKenzie                                                             52,351               –                   –                –              52,351
John Mogford                                                              13,938               –                   –                –              13,938
Christine O’Reilly3                                                        7,420           2,000                   –                –               9,420
Catherine Tanna5                                                          10,400               –                   –                –              10,400
Dion Weisler                                                               1,544           6,000                   –                –               7,544
1     Includes shares in BHP Group Plc held directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each individual (including shares held in the name of all close
      members of the Director’s or Executive KMP’s family and entities over which either the Director or Executive KMP or the family member has,
      directly or indirectly, control, joint control or significant influence) prior to unification.
2     Includes DEP in the form of shares on equity awards vesting, where applicable, as disclosed in 5.2 Equity awards.
3     The opening balances for Ian Cockerill, Christine O’Reilly, Geraldine Slattery and Ragnar Udd have been adjusted to include an additional 929
      shares, 420 shares, 3,592 shares and 398 shares, respectively.
4     The following BHP Group Limited shares were held in the form of American Depositary Shares: 1,892 for Geraldine Slattery and 6,000 for Gary
      Goldberg.
5     The opening balances for Michelle Hinchliffe and Catherine Tanna reflect their shareholdings on the date that each became Non-executive
      Directors being 1 March 2022 and 4 April 2022, respectively.
6     Shares shown as held by Anita Frew and Susan Kilsby at 30 June 2022 are their balances at the date of their retirement from the Board on
      11 November 2021.

                                                                            170
5.5   Prohibition on hedging of BHP shares and equity instruments
The Executive KMP may not use unvested BHP equity awards as collateral or protect the value of any unvested BHP equity awards or the value of
shares and securities held as part of meeting the MSR.

Any securities that have vested and are no longer subject to restrictions, or not held as part of meeting the MSR, may be subject to hedging arrangements
or used as collateral, provided that prior consent is obtained.


5.6   Share ownership guidelines and the MSR
The share ownership guidelines and the MSR help to ensure the interests of Directors, executives and shareholders remain aligned.

The CEO and other Executive KMP are expected to grow their holdings to the MSR from the scheduled vesting of their employee awards over time. The
MSR is tested at the time that shares are to be sold. Shares may be sold to satisfy tax obligations arising from the granting, holding, vesting, exercise or
sale of the employee awards or the underlying shares whether the MSR is satisfied at that time or not.

For FY2022:
•     The MSR for the CEO was five times annual pre-tax base salary. At the end of FY2022, the CEO met the MSR.
•     The MSR for other Executive KMP was three times annual pre-tax base salary. At the end of FY2022, the other Executive KMP met the MSR,
      except for David Lamont, as he was appointed as Executive KMP on 1 December 2020.
•     No Executive KMP sold or purchased shares during FY2022, other than sales to satisfy taxation obligations, apart from Edgar Basto, who sold
      shares in order to fund the purchase of a residential dwelling.

Effective 1 July 2020, a two-year post-retirement shareholding requirement for the CEO applies from the date of retirement, which will be the lower of
the CEO’s MSR or the CEO’s actual shareholding at the date of retirement.

Subject to securities dealing constraints, Non-executive Directors have agreed to apply at least 25 per cent of their remuneration (base fees plus
Committee fees) to the purchase of BHP shares until they achieve an MSR equivalent in value to one year of remuneration (base fees plus Committee
fees). Thereafter, they must maintain at least that level of shareholding throughout their tenure. At the end of FY2022, each Non-executive Director met
the MSR.


5.7 Transactions with KMP
During the financial year, there were no transactions between the Group and its subsidiaries and KMP (including their related parties) (2021: US$ nil;
2020: US$ nil). There were no amounts payable by or loans with KMP (including their related parties) at 30 June 2022 (2021: US$ nil).

A number of KMP hold or have held positions in other companies (i.e. personally related entities) where it is considered they control or significantly
influence the financial or operating policies of those entities. There have been no transactions with those entities and no amounts were owed by the
Group to personally related entities or any other related parties (2021: US$ nil; 2020: US$ nil).

This Remuneration Report was approved by the Board on 16 August 2022 and signed on its behalf by:



Christine O’Reilly
Chair, Remuneration Committee
16 August 2022

                                                                            171
Financial Statements
Refer to the pages beginning on page F-1 in this Annual Report.

                                                                  172
Additional information
1   Financial information summary
We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. We publish our Consolidated Financial Statements in US dollars. All Consolidated Income Statement, Consolidated
Balance Sheet and Consolidated Cash Flow Statement information below has been derived from audited Financial Statements. For more information
refer to the Financial Statements.

Some information in this section has been presented on a Continuing operations basis to exclude the contribution from Discontinued operations. Details
of the contribution of Discontinued operations to the Group’s results are disclosed in Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’.

Year ended 30 June
US$M                                                                                              2022       2021        2020       2019       2018
Consolidated Income Statement (Financial Statements 1.1)
Revenue1                                                                                          65,098      56,921     38,924     38,446     37,817
Profit from operations1                                                                           34,106      25,515     13,683     13,629     14,437
Profit after taxation from Continuing operations1                                                 22,400      13,676      8,628      8,528      8,559
Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations1                                        10,655        (225)       108        657     (3,736)
Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations attributable to BHP
   shareholders (Attributable profit)                                                             30,900      11,304      7,956      8,306       3,705
Profit after taxation from Continuing operations attributable to BHP shareholders1                20,245      11,529      7,848      7,656       7,467
Dividends per ordinary share – paid during the period (US cents)                                   350.0       156.0      143.0      220.0        98.0
Dividends per ordinary share – determined in respect of the period (US cents)                      325.0       301.0      120.0      235.0       118.0
In specie dividend on merger of Petroleum with Woodside (US cents)                                 386.4           –          –          –           –
Basic earnings per ordinary share (US cents)2                                                      610.6       223.5      157.3      160.3        69.6
Diluted earnings per ordinary share (US cents)2                                                    609.3       223.0      157.0      159.9        69.4
Basic earnings from Continuing operations per ordinary share (US cents)1,2                         400.0       228.0      155.2      147.8       140.3
Diluted earnings from Continuing operations per ordinary share (US cents)1,2                       399.2       227.5      154.8      147.4       139.9
Number of ordinary shares (million)2
– At period end                                                                                    5,062       5,058      5,058      5,058       5,324
– Weighted average                                                                                 5,061       5,057      5,057      5,180       5,323
– Diluted                                                                                          5,071       5,068      5,069      5,193       5,337
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Financial Statements 1.3)3
Total assets                                                                                      95,166     108,927    105,733    101,811    112,943
Net assets                                                                                        48,766      55,605     52,175     51,753     60,599
Share capital (including share premium)                                                            4,638       2,686      2,686      2,686      2,761
Total equity attributable to BHP shareholders                                                     44,957      51,264     47,865     47,169     55,521
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Financial Statements 1.4)
Net operating cash flows4                                                                         32,174      27,234     15,706     17,871     18,461
Capital and exploration expenditure5                                                               7,545       7,120      7,640      7,566      6,753
Other financial information (OFR 11)
Net debt6                                                                                            333       4,121     12,044      9,446     11,605
Underlying attributable profit6                                                                   23,815      17,077      9,060      9,124      8,933
Underlying attributable profit - Continuing operations1,6                                         21,319      16,985      8,948      8,431     10,393
Underlying EBITDA1,6                                                                              40,634      35,073     19,870     19,093     19,829
Underlying EBIT1,6                                                                                34,436      29,853     15,130     14,581     15,003
Underlying basic earnings per share (US cents)6                                                    470.6       337.7      179.2      176.1      167.8
Underlying basic earnings per share - Continuing operations (US cents)1,6                          421.2       335.9      176.9      162.8      195.2
Underlying return on capital employed (per cent)6                                                   48.7        32.5       16.9       16.0       14.2

1    Comparative periods have been adjusted for the effects of applying IFRS 5 ‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations’ and
     discloses them on the same basis as the current period figures. For more information refer to Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued
     operations’.
2    For more information on earnings per share refer to Financial Statements note 7 ‘Earnings per share’.
3    The Consolidated Balance Sheet for comparative periods includes the associated assets and liabilities in relation to Petroleum (merger with
     Woodside in FY2022), BMC and Cerrejón (both disposed in FY2022) and Onshore US (disposed in FY2019) as IFRS 5 ‘Non-current Assets Held
     for Sale and Discontinued Operations’ does not require the Consolidated Balance Sheet to be restated for comparative periods.
4    Net operating cash flows are after dividends received, net interest paid, proceeds and settlements of cash management related instruments, net
     taxation paid and includes Net operating cash flows from Discontinued operations.
5    Capital and exploration expenditure is presented on a cash basis and represents purchases of property, plant and equipment plus exploration
     expenditure from the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement and includes purchases of property, plant and equipment plus exploration expenditure
     from Discontinued operations. For more information refer to Financial Statements note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’. Exploration expenditure is
     capitalised in accordance with our accounting policies, as set out in Financial Statements note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’.
6    We use non-IFRS financial information to reflect the underlying performance of the Group. Underlying attributable profit, Underlying basic
     earnings per share and Underlying return on capital employed includes Continuing and Discontinued operations. Refer to OFR 11 for a
     reconciliation of non-IFRS financial information to their respective IFRS measure. Refer to OFR 11.1 for the definition and method of calculation
     of non-IFRS financial information. Refer to Financial Statements note 20 ‘Net debt’ for the composition of Net debt.

                                                                         173
2   Information on mining operations
Minerals Australia
Copper mining operations
The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.1 and the production table
and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 5.

                                                                           Title, leases or                                                         Processing
                                        Type and                           options and        History and        Mine type &                        plants and
                                        amount of                          acreage            stage of           mineralisation                     other available
Mine & location      Means of access    ownership        Operator          involved           property           style            Power source      facilities

Olympic Dam
560 km northwest     Public road        BHP 100%         BHP               Mining lease       Production stage Underground     Electricity          Underground
of Adelaide, South                                                         granted by                                          transmitted via      automated train
                     Copper cathode                                                           Acquired in     Large poly-      (i) BHP’s            and trucking
Australia                                                                  South Australian
                     trucked to ports                                                         2005 as part of metallic deposit 275 kV power         network feeding
                                                                           Government
                                                                                              Western Mining of iron oxide-    line from Port       crushing, storage
                     Uranium oxide                                         expires in 2036.
                                                                                              Corporation     copper-uranium-                       and ore hoisting
                     transported by                                        Approximately                                       Augusta and
                                                                                              (WMC)           gold             (ii) ElectraNet’s    facilities
                     road to ports                                         17,788 hectares
                                                                                              acquisition     mineralisation   system upstream
                     Gold bullion                                          Right of                                                                 2 grinding circuits
                                                                                              Copper                           of Port Augusta
                     transported by                                        extension for
                                                                                              production                                            Nominal milling
                     road and plane                                        50 years                                            Energy
                                                                                              began in 1988                                         capacity:
                                                                           (subject to                                         purchased via
                                                                           remaining mine                                                           10.3 Mtpa
                                                                                              Nominal milling                  Retail
                                                                           life)              capacity raised                  Agreement            Flash furnace
                                                                                              to 9 Mtpa in                                          produces copper
                                                                                              1999                                                  anodes, which are
                                                                                                                                                    then refined to
                                                                                              Optimisation                                          produce copper
                                                                                              project                                               cathodes
                                                                                              completed in
                                                                                              2002                                                  Electrowon
                                                                                                                                                    copper cathode
                                                                                              New copper                                            and uranium
                                                                                              solvent                                               oxide concentrate
                                                                                              extraction plant                                      produced by
                                                                                              commissioned                                          leaching and
                                                                                              in 2004                                               solvent extracting
                                                                                              Major smelter                                         flotation tailings
                                                                                              maintenance                                           Gold cyanide
                                                                                              campaigns                                             leach circuit and
                                                                                              completed in                                          gold room
                                                                                              2017 and 2022                                         producing gold
                                                                                                                                                    bullion

Key permit           The Roxby Downs (Indenture Ratification) Act 1982 (Indenture Act) applies to Olympic Dam’s operations. It contains conditions from the South
conditions           Australian Government, including relating to the protection and management of the environment; water; closure and rehabilitation considerations;
                     local procurement and community plans/initiatives/project commitments; and payment of royalties. Olympic Dam also holds other relevant
                     approvals and tenements granted by the South Australian Government, including under the SA Mining Act.

                                                                                 174
Iron ore mining operations
The following table contains additional details of our iron ore mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.1 and the
production table and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 5.

                                                                            Title, leases or                                                              Processing
                                       Type and                             options and        History and         Mine type &                            plants and
                                       amount of                            acreage            stage of            mineralisation                         other available
Mine & location      Means of access   ownership         Operator           involved           property            style              Power source        facilities
WAIO
Mt Newman joint venture
Pilbara region,   Private road         BHP Minerals  BHP                    Mineral lease      Production stage Open-cut              Power for all       Newman Hub:
Western Australia                      85%                                  granted and held                                          mine operations     primary crusher,
                  Ore transported      Mitsui-ITOCHU                        under the Iron     Production          Bedded ore         in the Central      ore handling
Newman West (Mt by Mt Newman           Iron 10%                             Ore (Mount         began at Mt         types classified and Eastern           plant, heavy
Whaleback,        JV-owned rail to                                          Newman)            Whaleback in        as per host        Pilbara is          media
Orebodies 29, 30, Port Hedland         ITOCHU                               Agreement Act      1969                Archaean or                            beneficiation
                                                                                                                                      supplied by
31, 32 and 35)    (427 km)             Minerals and                         1964 expires in                        Proterozoic iron BHP’s natural         plant, stockyard
                                       Energy of                                               Production from     formation,
Newman East                                                                 2030 with right    Orebodies 24,                          gas-fired           blending
                                       Australia 5%                                                                which are                              facility, single
(Orebodies 24, 25)                                                          to successive      25, 29, 30, 31,                        Yarnima power
                                                                            renewals of                            Brockman and       station             cell rotary car
                                                                                               32 and 35           Marra Mamba;
                                                                            21 years each.     complements                                                dumper, train
                                                                                                                   also present is    Power               load out
                                                                            ML244SA -          production from
                                                                            approximately                          iron-rich detrital consumed in         (nominal
                                                                                               Mt Whaleback        material           port operations
                                                                            78,934 hectares                                                               capacity 75
                                                                                               Production from                        is supplied via a
                                                                                                                                                          Mtpa)
                                                                                               Orebodies 31                           contract with
                                                                                               and 32 started in                      Alinta              Orebody 25 Ore
                                                                                               2015 and 2017                                              processing plant
                                                                                               respectively                                               (nominal
                                                                                                                                                          capacity
                                                                                               Mining at                                                  12 Mtpa) ceased
                                                                                               Orebody 18                                                 operation mid
                                                                                               ceased in 2020                                             FY2022
                                                                                               after depletion

Key permit           State Agreement contains conditions set by the Western Australian Government, including requirements for future development proposals;
conditions           environmental compliance and reporting obligations; closure and rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and community
                     plans/initiatives/investment requirements; payment of rent, taxes and government royalties.
                     Tenements granted by the Western Australian Government under the Mining Act. Key permit conditions include resource reporting, environmental
                     compliance and reporting, rehabilitation considerations and offset payments and payment of lease rentals, and royalties.
                     Registered Indigenous Land Use Agreements with conditions, including appropriate native title compensation and opportunity sharing; enshrine
                     heritage protections and land access rights; and guarantee certain heritage, environment and consultation processes.

                                                                                175
                                                                                                                                                   Processing plants
                                   Type and                           Title, leases or                         Mine type &                         and other
                                   amount of                          options and          History and stage   mineralisation                      available
Mine & location Means of access    ownership         Operator         acreage involved     of property         style            Power source       facilities
WAIO
Yandi joint venture
Pilbara region, Private road       BHP Minerals      BHP              Mining lease         Production stage    Open-cut        Power for all      4 primary
Western                            85%                                granted pursuant                                         mine operations crushers, 3 ore
                Ore transported                                       to the Iron Ore      Production began Channel Iron       in the Central     handling plants,
Australia
                by Mt Newman       ITOCHU                             (Marillana Creek)    at the Yandi mine Deposits are      and Eastern        stockyard
                JV-owned rail to   Minerals and                       Agreement Act        in 1992           Cainozoic fluvial Pilbara is         blending facility
                Port Hedland       Energy of                          1991 expires in      Capacity of Yandi sediments         supplied by        and 2 train load
                (316 km)           Australia 8%                       2033 with 1          hub expanded                        BHP’s natural      outs (nominal
                                                                      renewal right to a   between 1994 and                    gas-fired          capacity 80 Mtpa)
                Yandi JV’s         Mitsui Iron Ore
                                                                      further 21 years     2013                                Yarnima power
                railway spur       Corporation 7%
                                                                      to 2054                                                  station            Decommissioning
                links Yandi hub                                                            Yandi has
                                                                                                                                                  has commenced
                to Mt Newman                                          M270SA -             commenced                           Power consumed on 2 ore handling
                JV main line                                          approximately        production ramp                     in port operations plants, as part of
                                                                      30,344 hectares      down activity in                    is supplied via a planned ramp
                                                                                           FY2022                              contract with      down activities
                                                                                                                               Alinta

Key permit      State Agreement contains conditions set by the Western Australian Government, including requirements for future development proposals;
conditions      environmental compliance and reporting obligations; closure and rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and community
                plans/initiatives/investment requirements; payment of rent, taxes and government royalties.

                Tenements granted by the Western Australian Government under the Mining Act. Key permit conditions include resource reporting, environmental
                compliance and reporting, rehabilitation considerations and offset payments and payment of lease rentals, and royalties.
                Registered Indigenous Land Use Agreements with conditions, including appropriate native title compensation and opportunity sharing; enshrine heritage
                protections and land access rights; and guarantee certain heritage, environment and consultation processes.

                                                                                176
                                                                                                                                                   Processing plants
                                    Type and                           Title, leases or                      Mine type &                           and other
                                    amount of                          options and         History and stage mineralisation                        available
Mine & location Means of access     ownership           Operator       acreage involved    of property       style              Power source       facilities
WAIO
Jimblebar operation*
Pilbara region, Private road        BHP Minerals        BHP            Mining lease        Production         Open-cut       Power for all      3 primary
Western                             85%                                granted pursuant    stage                             mine operations crushers, ore
                Jimblebar ore is                                       to the Iron Ore                     Bedded ore types in the Central and
Australia                                                                                                                                       handling plant,
                transported via     ITOCHU                             (McCamey’s          Production      classified as per Eastern Pilbara is
                                                                                                                                                train loadout,
Jimblebar       overland            Minerals and                       Monster)            began in March host Archaean or supplied by          stockyard
                conveyor            Energy of                          Agreement           1989            Proterozoic
Bill’s Hill,                                                                                                                 BHP’s natural      blending facility
                (12.4 km) and by    Australia 8%                       Authorisation Act                   banded iron       gas-fired Yarnima and supporting
Eastern         Mt Newman                                                                  From 2004,      formation, which power station
Syncline and                        Mitsui & Co.                       1972 expires in     production was are Brockman                          mining hub
                JV-owned rail to                                       2030 with rights
Mt Helen                            Iron Ore                                               transferred to                                       infrastructure
                Port Hedland                                           to successive                       and Marra         Power consumed (nominal capacity
(jointly called (428 km)            Exploration &                                          Wheelarra JV as Mamba; also
                                                                       renewals of                                           in port operations 71 Mtpa)
Western Ridge                       Mining 7%                                              part of the
                                                                       21 years each                       present is iron-  is supplied via a
deposits)       The Western                                                                Wheelarra       rich detrital
                                    *Jimblebar is an                   M266SA –                                              contract with      Production from
                Ridge deposits                                                             sublease        material
                                    ‘incorporated’                     approximately                                         Alinta             the Western
                are located close                                                          agreement
                                    venture, with the                  51,756 hectares                                                          Ridge deposits
                to Newman
                                    above companies                                        This sublease                                        will be processed
                Operations and
                                    holding A                                              agreement                                            through existing
                all production
                                    Class Shares                                           expired in                                           processing
                will be trucked
                                    with rights to                                         March 2018                                           facility for
                and/or
                                    certain parts of                                                                                            Newman
                transported via                                                            Ore was first
                                    mining lease                                                                                                Operations
                overland                                                                   produced from
                                    266SA held by
                conveyor                                                                   the newly
                                    BHP Iron Ore
                                                                                           commissioned
                                    (Jimblebar) Pty
                                                                                           Jimblebar hub
                                    Ltd (BHPIOJ)
                                                                                           in late 2013
                                    BHPIOJ holds
                                    100% of the                                            Jimblebar sells
                                    B Class Shares,                                        ore to the
                                    which has rights                                       Newman JV
                                    to all other                                           proximate to the
                                    Jimblebar assets                                       Jimblebar hub
                                                                                           Production at
                                                                                           Western Ridge
                                                                                           commenced in
                                                                                           FY2022

Key permit      State Agreement contains conditions set by the Western Australian Government, including requirements for future development proposals;
conditions      environmental compliance and reporting obligations; closure and rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and community
                plans/initiatives/investment requirements; payment of rent, taxes and government royalties.

                Tenements granted by the Western Australian Government under the Mining Act. Key permit conditions include resource reporting, environmental
                compliance and reporting, rehabilitation considerations and offset payments and payment of lease rentals, and royalties.
                Registered Indigenous Land Use Agreement with conditions, including appropriate native title compensation and opportunity sharing; enshrine heritage
                protections and land access rights; and guarantee certain heritage, environment and consultation processes.

                                                                                177
                                                                                                                                                     Processing plants
                                    Type and                           Title, leases or                          Mine type &                         and other
                                    amount of                          options and          History and stage    mineralisation                      available
Mine & location Means of access     ownership         Operator         acreage involved     of property          style            Power source       facilities
WAIO
Mt Goldsworthy joint venture
Pilbara region, Private road        BHP Minerals      BHP              1 mineral lease      Production stage Mining Area C,       Power for all      Mining Area C:
Western                             85%                                and 1 mining                          South Flank,         remaining mine     2 primary
                Yarrie and                                                                  Operations       Yarrie and
Australia                                                              lease both granted                                         operations in the crushers, 2 ore
                Nimingarra iron     Mitsui Iron Ore                                         commenced at Mt Nimingarra are                           handling plants,
                                                                       pursuant to the                                            Central and
Yarrie          ore transported     Corporation 7%                                          Goldsworthy in   open-cut
                                                                       Iron Ore                                                   Eastern Pilbara is stockyard
                by Mt                                                                       1966 and at Shay                                         blending facility
Nimingarra                          ITOCHU                             (Goldsworthy –                                             supplied by
                Goldsworthy                                                                 Gap in 1973      Bedded ore types                        and train load
                                    Minerals and                       Nimingarra)                                                BHP’s natural
Mining Area C JV-owned rail to                                         Agreement Act                         classified as per
                                                                                                                                  gas-fired Yarnima out (nominal
                                    Energy of                                               Original
(includes South Port Hedland                                           1972, expire                          host Archaean or
                                                                                                                                  power station      capacity 60
                                    Australia 8%                                            Goldsworthy
Flank)          (218 km)                                                                                     Proterozoic iron                        Mtpa)
                                                                       2035, with rights    mine closed in
                                                                                                             formation, which     Power consumed
                Mining Area C                                          to successive        1982
                                                                                                             are Brockman,        in port operations South Flank: 2
                iron ore                                               renewals of
                                                                                            Associated Shay Marra Mamba           is supplied via a primary
                transported by Mt                                      21 years each.
                                                                                            Gap mine closed and Nimingarra;       contract with      crushers, 1 ore
                Newman                                                 ML251SA and
                                                                                            in 1993          also present is      Alinta             handling plant,
                JV-owned rail to                                       M263SA –
                                                                                                             iron-rich detrital                      stockyard and
                Port Hedland                                           approximately        Mining at        material                                blending facility
                (360 km)                                               15,623 hectares      Nimingarra mine                                          and train load
                South Flank iron                                       A number of          ceased in 2007,                                          out (nominal
                ore transported                                        smaller mining       then continued                                           capacity
                by overland                                            leases granted       from adjacent                                            80 Mtpa)
                conveyors (8–                                          under the Mining     Yarrie area
                16 km) to the                                          Act 1978 expire      Production
                Mining Area C                                          in 2026 with         commenced at
                processing hub                                         rights to            Mining Area C
                                                                       successive           mine in 2003
                Mt Goldsworthy                                         renewals of
                JV railway spur                                        21 years. 5 leases   Yarrie mine
                links Mining                                           – approximately      operations were
                Area C and South                                       2,999 hectares       suspended in
                Flank to Yandi                                                              February 2014
                railway spur                                           3 mineral leases
                                                                       granted under the    First ore at South
                                                                       Iron Ore (Mount      Flank
                                                                       Goldsworthy)         commenced in
                                                                       Agreement Act        May 2021
                                                                       1964, which
                                                                       expire 2028, with
                                                                       rights to
                                                                       successive
                                                                       renewals of
                                                                       21 years each.
                                                                       ML235SA,
                                                                       ML249SA and
                                                                       ML281SA –
                                                                       approximately
                                                                       91,124 hectares

Key permit      State Agreements contain conditions set by the Western Australian Government, including requirements for future development proposals;
conditions      environmental compliance and reporting obligations; closure and rehabilitation considerations; local procurement and community
                plans/initiatives/investment requirements; payment of rent, taxes and government royalties.

                Tenements granted by the Western Australian Government under the Mining Act. Key permit conditions include resource reporting, environmental
                compliance and reporting, rehabilitation considerations and offset payments and payment of lease rentals, and royalties.
                Registered Indigenous Land Use Agreements with conditions, including appropriate native title compensation and opportunity sharing; enshrine heritage
                protections and land access rights; and guarantee certain heritage, environment and consultation processes.

                                                                                178
                                                                                                                                                Processing plants
                                   Type and                      Title, leases or                         Mine type &                           and other
                                   amount of                     options and          History and stage   mineralisation                        available
Mine & location Means of access    ownership         Operator    acreage involved     of property         style            Power source         facilities
WAIO
POSMAC joint venture
Pilbara region, Private road       BHP Minerals      BHP         Sublease over        Production stage    Open-cut          Power for all      POSMAC sells
Western                            65%                           part of Mt                                                 mine operations all ore to Mt
                POSMAC JV                                        Goldsworthy          Production          Bedded ore types in the Central and
Australia                                                                                                                                      Goldsworthy
                sells ore to Mt    ITOCHU                        Mining Area C        commenced in        classified as per Eastern Pilbara is
                                                                                                                                               JV, which is
                Goldsworthy JV     Minerals and                  mineral lease that   October 2003        host Archaean or supplied by
                                                                                                                                               then processed
                at Mining Area C   Energy of                     expires on the                           Proterozoic iron
                                                                                      POSMAC JV                             BHP’s natural      at Mining Area
                                   Australia 8%                  earlier of                               formation, which
                Ore is transported                                                    sells all ore to Mt is Marra Mamba gas-fired Yarnima C
                via Mt             Mitsui Iron Ore               termination of the   Goldsworthy JV                        power station
                Goldsworthy        Corporation 7%                mineral lease or     at Mining Area C
                                                                 the end of the                                             Power consumed
                JV-owned rail
                                   POS-Ore 20%                   POSMAC JV.                                                in port operations
                and Mt Newman
                                                                 ML281SA –                                                 is supplied via a
                JV-owned rail to
                                                                 approximately                                             contract with
                Port Hedland
                                                                 56,335 hectares                                           Alinta

Key permit      Key permit conditions of POSMAC joint venture are captured within the Mount Goldsworthy joint venture key permit conditions
conditions      outlined above.

                                                                         179
Coal mining operations
The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.1 and the production table
and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 5.

                                                                    Title, leases or                          Mine type &                         Processing plants
                                       Type and amount              options and           History and stage   mineralisation                      and other
Mine & location   Means of access      of ownership      Operator   acreage involved      of property         style               Power source    available facilities
BHP Mitsubishi Alliance
Central Queensland Coal Associates joint venture
Bowen Basin, Public road          BHP 50%                BMA        Mining leases,        Production stage    All open-cut  Queensland            On-site
Queensland,                                                         including                                 except        electricity grid      beneficiation
               Coal transported   Mitsubishi                        undeveloped           Goonyella mine      Broadmeadow   connection is under   processing
Australia
               by rail to Hay     Development                       tenements, have       commenced in        (longwall     long-term contracts   facilities
Goonyella      Point, Gladstone, 50%                                expiry dates          1971, merged        underground)  and energy
Riverside      Dalrymple Bay                                                              with adjoining                    purchased via         Combined
                                                                    ranging up to
               and Abbot Point                                      2043, renewable       Riverside mine in Bituminous coal Retail Agreements     nominal
Broadmeadow ports                                                                         1989              is mined from                         capacity: in
                                                                    for further periods
Daunia                                                                                                      the Permian                           excess of
                  Distances between                                 as Queensland         Operates as       Moranbah and                          67 Mtpa
Caval Ridge       the mines and port                                Government            Goonyella         Rangal Coal
                  are between                                       legislation allows.   Riverside         measures
Peak Downs        160 km and                                        Approximately
                                                                    125,100 hectares      Production
                  315 km                                                                                      Products range
Saraji                                                                                    commenced at:
                                                                    Mining is                                 from premium
Blackwater                                                          permitted to          Peak Downs in       quality, low
                                                                    continue under        1972                volatile, high
Saraji South
                                                                    the legislation                           vitrinite, hard
                                                                                          Saraji in 1974      coking coal to
                                                                    during the
                                                                    renewal               Norwich Park in     medium volatile
                                                                    application period    1979                hard coking
                                                                                                              coal, to weak
                                                                    All required          Blackwater in       coking coal,
                                                                    renewal               1967                some pulverised
                                                                    applications were                         coal injection
                                                                                          Broadmeadow
                                                                    lodged and                                (PCI) coal and
                                                                                          (longwall
                                                                    pending a                                 medium ash
                                                                                          operations) in
                                                                    decision from the                         thermal coal as a
                                                                                          2005
                                                                    Minister                                  secondary
                                                                                          Daunia in 2013      product
                                                                                          and
                                                                                          Caval Ridge in
                                                                                          2014
                                                                                          Production at
                                                                                          Saraji South
                                                                                          (formerly
                                                                                          Norwich Park)
                                                                                          ceased in May
                                                                                          2012; limited
                                                                                          product is due to
                                                                                          be sourced from
                                                                                          Saraji South for
                                                                                          processing at
                                                                                          Saraji scheduled
                                                                                          from the
                                                                                          December 2022
                                                                                          quarter and will
                                                                                          be included under
                                                                                          the Saraji mine

Key permit        Key permit conditions are contained in the various legislation set by the Queensland Government and include conditions relating to
conditions        carrying out works in accordance with the environmental authority and approved development plans, payment of rents, reporting and
                  payment of royalties. Mining leases granted under the Central Queensland Coal Associates Agreement Act 1968 place an extraction cap
                  of 1,860 Mt.

                                                                               180
                                                                         Title, leases or                         Mine type &                        Processing plants
                          Means of       Type and amount                 options and         History and stage    mineralisation                     and other
Mine & location           access         of ownership        Operator    acreage involved    of property          style            Power source      available facilities
New South Wales Energy Coal
Mt Arthur Coal
Approximately 126 km      Public road    BHP 100%            BHP         Current             Production stage     Open-cut         NSW electricity   Beneficiation
northwest of Newcastle,                                                  Development                                               grid connection   facilities: coal
                          Export coal                                    Consent expires     Production           Produces a       under a deemed    handling,
New South Wales,
                          transported                                    in 2026             commenced in         medium rank      long-term         preparation,
Australia
                          by                                                                 2002                 bituminous       contract and      washing plants
                          third-party                                    Mt Arthur Coal                           thermal coal
                                                                                             Approval to                           energy
                          rail to                                        Mine (MAC)                                                                  Nominal capacity:
                                                                                             expand mining                         purchased via a
                          Newcastle                                      continues to work                                                           in excess of
                                                                                             granted in 2010                       Retail
                          port                                           on obtaining new                                                            23 Mtpa
                                                                                             with an additional                    Agreement
                                                                         State and
                                                                         Commonwealth        area also granted
                                                                         approvals to        by an approval
                                                                         continue open-cut   modification in
                                                                         mining at MAC       2014
                                                                         beyond 30 June     Domestic sales
                                                                         2026               ceased during
                                                                         MAC holds          FY2020 with
                                                                         10 mining leases, conveyor to
                                                                         2 sub leases and 3 Bayswater and
                                                                         exploration        Liddell Power
                                                                         licences           Stations
                                                                                            decommissioned
                                                                         MAC’s primary
                                                                                            On 16 June 2022,
                                                                         mining lease
                                                                                            BHP announced
                                                                         (ML 1487) was
                                                                                            the decision to
                                                                         granted for a
                                                                                            cease mining at
                                                                         further 21-year
                                                                                            the asset by the
                                                                         term from June
                                                                                            end of FY2030
                                                                         2022
                                                                         Total mining
                                                                         leases
                                                                         approximately
                                                                         8,750 hectares

Key permit conditions     The project approval contains key conditions: (i) it requires MAC to be operated generally in accordance with the environmental assessment;
                          and (ii) permits extraction of up to 36 Mtpa of run of mine coal from underground and open-cut operations, with open-cut extraction limited
                          to 32 Mtpa.

                                                                                181
Nickel mining operations
The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.1 and the production table
and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 5.

                                                                  Title, leases or                         Mine type &                                Processing plants
Mine &                            Type and amount                 options and          History and stage   mineralisation                             and other
location      Means of access     of ownership        Operator    acreage involved     of property         style                Power source          available facilities
Nickel West
Mt Keith mine and concentrator
450 km north Private road          BHP 100%           BHP         Mining leases      Production stage      Open-cut             On-site third-party   Concentration
of Kalgoorlie,                                                    granted by                                                    gas-fired turbines    plant with a
               Nickel concentrate                                 Western Australian Commissioned in       Disseminated         with backup from
Western                                                                                                                                               nominal
               transported by road                                Government         1995 by WMC           textured magmatic    diesel
Australia                                                                                                                                             capacity of
               to Leinster for                                                                             nickel-sulphide      engine generation
                                                                                     Acquired in 2005                                                 11 Mtpa of ore
Mt Keith Mine drying and                                          Key leases expire                        mineralisation
                                                                                     as part of                                Contracts expire in
               on-shipping                                        between 2029 and                         associated with a
Mt Keith                                                                             WMC acquisition                           December 2038
                                                                  2036                                     metamorphosed
Satellite Mine
(Yakabindie)                                                                           Mt Keith Satellite ultramafic intrusion
                                                                  First renewal of                                             Natural gas
                                                                                       Mine contains 2
                                                                  21 years is as a                                             sourced and
                                                                                       open-pit mines:
                                                                  right. Further                                               transported under
                                                                                       Six Mile Well in
                                                                  renewals at                                                  separate long-term
                                                                                       full production and
                                                                  government                                                   contracts
                                                                                       Goliath currently
                                                                  discretion
                                                                                       being pre-stripped
                                                                  Mt Keith mining
                                                                  leases
                                                                  approximately
                                                                  9,240 hectares

                                                                  Mt Keith satellite
                                                                  mining leases
                                                                  approximately
                                                                  3,835 hectares

Key permit    Use of the land for the purposes set out by the Western Australian Government under granted mining tenements and broadly comprise of submission of
conditions    detailed mining proposals; payment of royalties, annual rent to the State Government; rates to relevant local governments; compliance with
              environmental regulations and mine closure requirements and other reporting obligations. Existing mining operations are also subject to an Indigenous
              Land Use Agreement (ILUA), which includes commitments for payments made to trust accounts; Indigenous employment and business opportunities;
              heritage and cultural protections.

                                                                                182
                                                                      Title, leases or                        Mine type &                            Processing plants
                                      Type and amount                 options and         History and stage   mineralisation                         and other
Mine & location Means of access       of ownership        Operator    acreage involved    of property         style              Power source        available facilities
Nickel West
Leinster mine complex and concentrator
375 km north Public road           BHP 100%               BHP         Mining leases       Production stage    Open-cut and       On-site third-     Concentration
of Kalgoorlie,                                                        granted by                              underground        party gas-fired    plant with a
               Nickel concentrate                                                         Production
Western                                                               Western                                                    turbines with back nominal
               shipped by road and                                    Australian          commenced in        Steeply dipping
Australia                                                                                                                        up from diesel     capacity:
               rail to Kalgoorlie                                     Government          1979                disseminated and   engine generation 3 Mtpa of ore
Venus          Nickel Smelter                                                                                 massive textured
sub-level                                                             Key leases expire Acquired in 2005      nickel-sulphide    Contracts expire
caving                                                                between 2025 and as part of WMC         mineralisation     in December 2038
operation                                                             2040              acquisition
                                                                                                              associated with
                                                                                                                                 Natural gas
                                                                                        Leinster              metamorphosed
B11 block                                                             Renewals of                                                sourced and
                                                                                        underground           ultramafic lava
caving                                                                principal mineral                                          transported under
                                                                                        ceased operations     flows and
operation                                                             lease in                                                   separate long-
                                                                                        in 2013 and           intrusions
                                                                      accordance with                                            term contracts
Camelot                                                                                 recommenced
                                                                      State Agreement
open-pit mine                                                                           operations in
                                                                      ratified by the
                                                                                        2016 with Venus
Rocky’s                                                               Nickel (Agnew)
                                                                                        sub-level cave
Reward                                                                Agreement Act
                                                                                        now in operation
open-pit mine                                                         1974
                                                                                        and
                                                                      Leinster mining   B11 block cave
                                                                      leases            developing its
                                                                      approximately     undercut and
                                                                      6,325 hectares    draw points
                                                                      Camelot mining      Rocky’s Reward
                                                                      leases              open-pit mine
                                                                      approximately       ceased mining in
                                                                      2,353 hectares      2021

Key permit      Use of the land for the purposes set out by the Western Australian Government in the Nickel (Agnew) Agreement Act 1974 and other Nickel West
conditions      granted tenements broadly comprise of submission of detailed mining proposals; payment of royalties, annual rent to Western Australian Government;
                rates to relevant local governments; compliance with environmental regulations and mine closure requirements and other reporting obligations. Existing
                mining operations are also subject to an Indigenous Land Use Agreement (ILUA), which includes commitments for payments made to trust accounts;
                Indigenous employment and business opportunities; heritage and cultural protections.

                                                                                183
                                                                     Title, leases or                             Mine type &                         Processing plants
                                       Type and amount               options and            History and stage     mineralisation                      and other
Mine & location Means of access        of ownership      Operator    acreage involved       of property           style               Power source    available facilities
Nickel West
Cliffs mine
450 km north     Private road          BHP 100%          BHP         Mining leases granted Production stage       Underground         Supplied from Mine site
of Kalgoorlie,                                                       by                                                               Mt Keith
                 Nickel ore                                          Western Australian       Production          Steeply dipping
Western
                 transported by road                                 Government               commenced   in      massive textured
Australia
                 to Leinster or                                                               2008                nickel-sulphide
                 Mt Keith for                                        Key leases expire                            mineralisation
                 further processing                                  between 2025 and         Acquired in 2005 as associated with
                                                                     2028                     part of             metamorphosed
                                                                                              WMC acquisition     ultramafic lava
                                                                     First renewal of                             flows
                                                                     21 years is as of right.
                                                                     Further renewals at
                                                                     government
                                                                     discretion
                                                                     Mining leases
                                                                     approximately
                                                                     2,675 hectares

Key permit       Use of the land for the purposes set out by the Western Australian Government under granted mining tenements and broadly comprise of submission of
conditions       detailed mining proposals; payment of royalties, annual rent to the State Government; rates to relevant local government; compliance with
                 environmental regulations and mine closure requirements and other reporting obligations. Existing mining operations are also subject to an Indigenous
                 Land Use Agreement (ILUA), which includes commitments for payments made to trust accounts; Indigenous employment and business opportunities;
                 heritage and cultural protections.

                                                                                 184
Nickel smelters, refineries and processing plants

                                                                                                                                                     Nominal
Smelter, refinery or                                           Title, leases or         Key permit                                                   production
processing plant     Location           Ownership   Operator   options                  conditions             Product           Power source        capacity
Nickel West
Kambalda
nickel              56 km south of      BHP 100%    BHP        Mineral leases           Use of the land for    Concentrate       On-site third-      1.6 Mtpa ore
concentrator        Kalgoorlie,                                granted by               the purposes set out   containing        party gas-fired
                                                                                        by the                 approximately     turbines          Nickel sourced
                    Western Australia                          Western Australian
                                                                                        Western Australian     13% nickel        supplemented by   through ore
                                                               Government
                                                                                        Government under                         access to grid    tolling and
                                                               Key leases expire in     granted mining                           power             concentrate
                                                               2028                     tenements and                                              purchase
                                                                                        broadly comprise of                      Contracts expire  arrangements
                                                               Mining leases
                                                                                        submission of                            in December 2038 with third
                                                               approximately
                                                                                        detailed mining                                            parties in
                                                               242 hectares                                                      Natural gas
                                                                                        proposals; payment                                         Kambalda and
                                                                                                                                 sourced and       outer regions
                                                                                        of royalties, annual                     transported under
                                                                                        rent to the State                        separate long-
                                                                                        Government; rates to                     term contracts
                                                                                        relevant local
                                                                                        government;
                                                                                        compliance with
                                                                                        environmental
                                                                                        regulations and mine
                                                                                        closure requirements
                                                                                        and other reporting
                                                                                        obligations
Kalgoorlie
nickel smelter      Kalgoorlie,         BHP 100%    BHP        Freehold title over                             Matte             On-site third-      110 ktpa nickel
                    Western Australia                          the property                                    containing        party gas-fired     metal in matte
                                                                                                               approximately     turbines
                                                                                                               65% nickel        supplemented by
                                                                                                                                 access to grid
                                                                                                                                 power
                                                                                                                                 Contracts expire
                                                                                                                                 in December 2038
                                                                                                                                 Natural gas
                                                                                                                                 sourced and
                                                                                                                                 transported under
                                                                                                                                 separate long-
                                                                                                                                 term contracts
Kwinana
nickel refinery     30 km south of      BHP 100%    BHP        Freehold title over                             London Metal      Power is sourced    82.5 ktpa nickel
                    Perth, Western                             the property                                    Exchange grade    from the local      metal in powder,
                    Australia                                                                                  nickel            grid, which is      briquettes, and
                                                                                                               briquettes,       supplied under a    nickel sulphate
                                                                                                               nickel powder     retail contract,    (with approval
                                                                                                                                 supplemented by     to increase up to
                                                                                                               Also              a Power Purchase    90 ktpa)
                                                                                                               intermediate      Agreement with
                                                                                                               products,         Merredin Solar      99 kt–100 kt
                                                                                                               including copper Farm for 50% of      nickel sulphate
                                                                                                               sulphide, cobalt- its output          (approximately
                                                                                                               nickel-sulphide,                      22 kt–24 kt
                                                                                                               ammonium-                             nickel)
                                                                                                               sulphate
                                                                                                               Nickel sulphate
                                                                                                               containing
                                                                                                               approximately
                                                                                                               22% nickel

                                                                                  185
Minerals Americas

Copper mining operations
The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.2 and the production table
and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 5.

                                                                  Title, leases
                                                                  or options            History and          Mine type &                             Processing plants
                                   Type and amount                and acreage           stage of             mineralisation                          and other available
Mine & location Means of access    of ownership          Operator involved              property             style                Power source       facilities
Escondida
Atacama         Private road       BHP 57.5%             BHP        Mining          Production stage         2 open-cut pits:     Escondida-owned    Crushing facilities
Desert          available for                                       concession from                          Escondida and        transmission       feed concentrator and
                                   Rio Tinto 30%                                    Original
                public use                                          Chilean                                  Escondida Norte      lines connect to   leaching processes
170 km                                                                              construction
                                   JECO Corporation                 Government                                                    Chile’s northern
southeast of    Copper cathode                                                      completed and            Escondida and                           3 concentrator plants
                                   consortium                       valid                                                         power grid
Antofagasta,    transported by                                                      production               Escondida Norte                         produce copper
                                   comprising                       indefinitely
Chile           privately owned                                                     commenced in             mineral deposits     Electricity        concentrate from
                                   Mitsubishi, JX                   (subject to
                rail to ports at                                                    1990                     are adjacent but     sourced from       sulphide ore by
                                   Nippon Mining and                payment of
                Antofagasta and                                                                              distinct supergene   external vendors   flotation extraction
                                   Metals 10%                       annual fees)    Start of
                Mejillones                                                                                   enriched porphyry    and Tamakaya       process (by-products:
                                                                    Mining          operations of the        copper deposits                         gold and silver)
                                 JECO 2 Ltd 2.5%                                                                                  SpA (100%
                Copper                                                              third
                                                                    concessions                                                   owned by BHP),
                concentrate                                                         concentrator                                                     2 solvent extraction
                                                                    (exploitation):                                               which generates
                transported by                                                                                                                       and electrowinning
                                                                    approximately plant in 2015                                   power from the
                Escondida-owned                                                                                                                      plants produce copper
                                                                    380,000 hectares Inauguration of                              Kelar gas-fired
                pipelines to its                                                                                                                     cathode
                                                                                        Escondida Water                           power plant
                Coloso port
                                                                                        Supply
                facilities                                                                                                        Renewable power Nominal capacity:
                                                                                        desalination plant
                                                                                                                                  agreements signed 422 ktpd (nominal
                                                                                        (CY2018) and its                                            milling capacity) and
                                                                                                                                  in FY2020 with
                                                                                        extension                                                   350 ktpa copper
                                                                                                                                  supply
                                                                                        (CY2019)                                                    cathode (nominal
                                                                                                                                  commenced in
                                                                                                                                  FY2022            capacity of tank
                                                                                                                                                    house)

                                                                                                                                                     2 x 168 km
                                                                                                                                                     concentrate pipelines,
                                                                                                                                                     167 km water
                                                                                                                                                     pipeline
                                                                                                                                                     Port facilities at
                                                                                                                                                     Coloso, Antofagasta

                                                                                                                                                     Desalinated water
                                                                                                                                                     plant (total water
                                                                                                                                                     capacity of
                                                                                                                                                     3,800 litres per
                                                                                                                                                     second)

Key permit      Mining companies in Chile must comply with an Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) approved by the Environmental Assessment Service (SEA)
conditions      in order to operate.
                Changes in the scope of the operation can trigger a Environmental Impact Declaration (DIA) or a full EIA.

                Mining companies must also pay a yearly mining concession.

                                                                                  186
                                                                     Title, leases
                                                                     or options            History and     Mine type &                           Processing plants
                                      Type and amount                and acreage           stage of        mineralisation                        and other available
Mine & location Means of access       of ownership        Operator   involved              property        style              Power source       facilities
Pampa Norte Spence
Atacama       Public road         BHP 100%                BHP        Mining                Production      Open-cut          Spence-owned       Crushing facilities
Desert                                                               concession from       stage                             transmission lines feed concentrator and
              Copper cathode                                         Chilean                              Enriched and       connect to Chile’s leaching processes
162 km        transported by rail                                    Government            First copper   oxidised porphyry northern power
northeast of  to ports at                                            valid                 produced in    copper deposit                        1 copper concentrator
                                                                                                                             grid
Antofagasta,  Mejillones and                                         indefinitely          2006           containing in situ                    plant with 95 ktpd
Chile         Antofagasta                                            (subject to                          copper oxide       Electricity        capacity
                                                                                           Spence         mineralisation
                                                                     payment of                                              purchased from     (by-products: gold
                Copper                                                                     Growth Option that overlies a
                                                                     annual fees)                                            external vendors and silver),
                concentrate                                                                project (i.e.  near-horizontal                       molybdenum plant
                transported by rail                                                        new 95 ktpd                       Renewable power
                                                                     Mining                               sequence of                           and a 1,000 lps
                or trucks to port                                                          copper                            agreements signed
                                                                     concessions                          supergene                             desalinated water
                in Mejillones                                                              concentrator                      in FY2020 with
                                                                     (exploitation):                      sulphides,                            plant under a Build,
                                                                                           and            transitional       supply
                Molybdenum                                           approximately                                                              Own, Operate,
                                                                                           molybdenum     sulphides, and     commenced in
                concentrate is                                       44,000 hectares                                                            Transfer (BOOT)
                                                                                           plants)        finally primary    FY2022
                transported by                                                                                                                  agreement
                                                                                           produced first (hypogene)
                trucks                                                                                                                          Dynamic leach pads,
                                                                                           copper in      sulphide
                                                                                           December                                             solvent extraction and
                                                                                                          mineralisation
                                                                                           2020 and first                                       electrowinning plant
                                                                                           molybdenum
                                                                                                                                                Nominal capacity of
                                                                                           in April 2022
                                                                                                                                                tank house: 200 ktpa
                                                                                                                                                copper cathode

Key permit      Mining companies in Chile must comply with an EIA approved by the SEA in order to operate
conditions
                Changes in the scope of the operation can trigger a DIA or a full EIA

                Mining companies must also pay a yearly mining concession

                                                                                     187
                                                                                                                                                Processing
                        Means     Type and                                                                        Mine type &                   plants and
                        of        amount of                Title, leases or options      History and stage of     mineralisation   Power        other available
Mine & location         access    ownership    Operator    and acreage involved          property                 style            source       facilities
Pampa Norte Cerro Colorado
Atacama Desert          Public BHP 100% BHP                Mining concession from        Production stage         Open-cut        Electricity   Crushing
                        road                               Chilean Government valid                                               purchased     facilities,
120 km east of Iquique,                                    indefinitely (subject to      Commercial production    Enriched and    from          dynamic leach
Chile                   Copper                             payment of annual fees)       commenced in 1994        oxidised        external      pads, solvent
                        cathode                                                                                   porphyry copper vendors
                                                                                         Expansions in 1996 and                                 extraction plant,
                        trucked                            Current environmental                                  deposit
                                                                                         1998                                                   electrowinning
                        to port                            licence expires at the end                             containing in                 plant
                        at                                 of CY2023                                              situ copper
                        Iquique                                                                                   oxide                         Nominal
                                                           Mining concessions                                     mineralisation                capacity of tank
                                                           (exploitation):                                        that overlies a               house: 130 ktpa
                                                           approximately                                          near-horizontal               copper cathode
                                                           34,000 hectares                                        sequence of
                                                                                                                  supergene
                                                                                                                  sulphides,
                                                                                                                  transitional
                                                                                                                  sulphides and
                                                                                                                  finally primary
                                                                                                                  (hypogene)
                                                                                                                  sulphide
                                                                                                                  mineralisation

Key permit conditions   Mining companies in Chile must comply with an EIA approved by the SEA in order to operate.

                        Changes in the scope of the operation can trigger a DIA or a full EIA.

                        Mining companies must also pay a yearly mining concession.

                                                                                188
                                                                     Title, leases                                                              Processing plants
                                        Type and                     or options                                  Mine type &                    and other
                      Means of          amount of                    and acreage             History and         mineralisation    Power        available
Mine & location       access            ownership    Operator        involved                stage of property   style             source       facilities
Antamina
Andes mountain        Public road       BHP 33.75% Compañía          Mining rights from      Production stage    Open-cut          Long-term    Primary crusher,
range                                              Minera            Peruvian                                                      contracts    concentrator,
                      Copper and        Glencore   Antamina S.A.     Government held         Commercial          Zoned porphyry    with         copper and zinc
270 km northeast of   zinc              33.75%                       indefinitely, subject   production          and skarn deposit individual   flotation circuits,
Lima, Peru            concentrates                                   to payment of           commenced in        with central      power        bismuth/moly
                                        Teck 22.5%
                      transported by                                 annual fees             2001                copper dominated producers     cleaning circuit
                      Antamina-         Mitsubishi                   and supply of                               ores and an outer
                      owned             10%                          information on                              band of copper-                Nominal milling
                      pipeline to its                                investment and                              zinc dominated                 capacity 145 ktpd
                      Punta Lobitos                                  production                                  ores
                                                                                                                                                304 km
                      port
                                                                     Total acreage:                                                             concentrate
                      Molybdenum                                     approximately                                                              pipeline
                      and                                            6,600 hectares
                      lead/bismuth                                                                                                              Port facilities at
                      concentrates                                                                                                              Huarmey
                      transported by
                      truck

Key permit            In April 2022, Antamina submitted to Peruvian authorities an Environmental Impact Study Modification (MEIA), which would enable Antamina
conditions            to extend its life from 2028 to 2036, maintaining annual production volumes within its current operational footprint.

                                                                              189
                                                                  Title, leases
                                 Type and                         or options                                 Mine type &                             Processing plants
                  Means of       amount of                        and acreage           History and          mineralisation                          and other available
Mine & location   access         ownership     Operator           involved              stage of property    style              Power source         facilities
Resolution
Superior,         Public road    BHP 45%       Resolution         Private land,         Exploration stage    Underground        115kV power          Water treatment and
Arizona, Pinal                                 Copper Mining      patented and                                                  lines to East and    reverse osmosis
County, US                       Rio Tinto     LLC                                      The Resolution        Porphyry copper   West Plant sites
                                                                  unpatented                                                                         plant, two active
                                 55%                              mining claims         deposit is within the and molybdenum    with supply          underground shafts
                                 (operator)                                             footprint and         deposit           contract with Salt   with
                                                                  Total acreage:        adjacent the
                                                                                                                                River Project        associated support
                                                                  approximately         historical Magma
                                                                                                                                                     infrastructure
                                                                  46,000 acres          Copper Mine
                                                                                                                                                     including hoisting,
                                                                                        The Resolution                                               ventilation and
                                                                                        Non-Operated Joint                                           cooling, and a rail
                                                                                        Venture (NOJV)                                               corridor connecting
                                                                                        was formed in 2004                                           the site to the
                                                                                        with Rio Tinto as                                            national rail
                                                                                        operator                                                     network

Key permit        The Resolution Copper Project is subject to a federal permitting process pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and other U.S.
conditions        legislation, including requirements for consultation, coordination and collaboration with Native American Tribes.
                  The NEPA process is led by the U.S. Forest Service.

                  The Resolution Copper Project is also required to obtain several state and local permits, including air quality and groundwater protection permits.

                                                                                  190
Iron ore mining operations
The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.2 and the production table
and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 5.
                                                                                                                                                             Processing plants
                                     Type and                           Title, leases or                            Mine type &                              and other
                                     amount of                          options and           History and stage     mineralisation                           available
Mine & location Means of access      ownership        Operator          acreage involved      of property           style               Power source         facilities
Samarco
Southeast       Public road          BHP Brasil 50% Samarco             Mining concessions Production stage         Open-cut            Samarco holds   Samarco’s
Brazil                                                                  granted by                                                      interests in    gradual restart
                Conveyor belts       Vale S.A. 50%                      Brazilian             Production began      Itabirites          2 hydroelectric of operations
                used to transport                                       Government            at Germano mine       (metamorphic        power plants,   includes 1
                iron ore to                                             subject to            in 1977 and at        quartz-hematite     which supply part
                                                                                                                                                        concentrator
                beneficiation                                                                 Alegria complex       rock) and friable
                                                                        compliance with                                                 of its electricity
                                                                                                                                                        and a new
                plant                                                   the mine plan         in 1992               hematite ores
                                                                                                                                                        system of
                                                                                                                                        Power supply    tailings disposal
                Three slurry                                                                  Second pellet
                                                                        Samarco                                                         contract with
                pipelines owned                                                               plant built in                                            combining a
                                                                        recommenced iron                                                Cemig Geração e confined pit and
                by Samarco used                                                               1997
                                                                        ore pellet                                                      Transmissão
                to transport                                                                                                                            filtration plant
                                                                        production in         Third pellet plant,                       expires in 2026
                concentrate to its                                                                                                                      for dry stacking
                                                                        December 2020,        second
                pellet plants on                                                                                                                        of sandy
                                                                        having met            concentrator and
                coast                                                                                                                                   tailings
                                                                        licensing             second pipeline
                Iron ore pellets                                        requirements to       built in 2008                                                  Beneficiation
                exported via port                                       restart operations at                                                                plants,
                facilities                                              its Germano           Fourth pellet                                                  pipelines, pellet
                                                                        complex in Minas plant, third                                                        plants and port
                                                                        Gerais and its Ubu concentrator and                                                  facilities
                                                                        complex in Espírito third pipeline
                                                                        Santo                 built in 2014

                                                                        Mining rights for
                                                                        approximately
                                                                        1,605 hectares

Key permit      Samarco has an operating licence (LOC – Corrective Operating License) obtained for the return of operations.
conditions
                For the continuity of operations, it has a long-term licensing plan that includes expansion of the mining area and new structures for the disposal of waste
                and tailings.


                                                                                   191
Other mining operations
The following table contains additional details of our mining operations. This table should be read in conjunction with OFR 5.2 and the production table
and reserves and resources tables in Additional information 4 and 5.

                                                                         Title, leases or                                                            Processing
                                      Type and                           options and        History and         Mine type &                          plants and
                                      amount of                          acreage            stage of            mineralisation                       other available
Mine & location    Means of access    ownership        Operator          involved           property            style              Power source      facilities
Jansen Stage 1
(under
construction)
Province of        Public road        BHP 100%         BHP               The total area of Development stage Underground        Permanent            Mill, buildings,
Saskatchewan                                                             the Jansen lease                                       power supply to      and other
                  Muriate of                                             is approximately Stage 1 is currently The Lower        be constructed       facilities and
Approximately 150 Potash (MOP)
                                                                         1,156 square km under construction Patience Lake                            infrastructure
km east of        to be transported                                                                            (LPL)                                 are planned to
Saskatoon, Canada by rail to the                                         All surface                           sub-member is                         be constructed
                  port at                                                lands have been                       the potash
                  Westshore                                              acquired                              horizon targeted                      Construction of
                  Terminal in                                                                                  for Jansen. The                       production and
                  Delta, British                                                                               LPL sub-member                        service shafts
                  Columbia,                                                                                    is composed of                        was completed
                  Canada                                                                                       sylvite (KCl),                        during FY2022
                                                                                                               halite (NaCl)
                                                                                                               with variable
                                                                                                               amounts of
                                                                                                               disseminated
                                                                                                               insolubles and
                                                                                                               clay seams

Key permit         An Environmental Assessment is required to be submitted to the regulatory authority in order to determine the potential environmental and social
conditions         impacts of a project during construction, operation and closure.
                   Depending on the activity, permits from municipal, provincial and federal agencies may also be required.

                                                                                 192
3     Financial information by commodity
Management believes the following financial information presented by commodity provides a meaningful indication of the underlying financial
performance of the assets, including equity accounted investments, of each reportable segment. Information relating to assets that are accounted for as
equity accounted investments is shown to reflect BHP’s share, unless otherwise noted, to provide insight into the drivers of these assets.

For the purposes of this financial information, segments are reported on a statutory basis in accordance with IFRS 8/AASB 8 ‘Operating Segments’. The
tables for each commodity include an ‘adjustment for equity accounted investments’ to reconcile the equity accounted results to the statutory segment
results.

For a reconciliation of non-IFRS financial information to respective IFRS measures and an explanation as to the use of Underlying EBITDA in assessing
our performance refer to OFR 11. For the definition and method of calculation of non-IFRS financial information refer to OFR 11.1. For more
information as to the statutory determination of our reportable segments refer to Financial Statements note 1 ‘Segment reporting’.


3.1    Copper
Detailed below is financial information for our Copper assets for FY2022 and FY2021.

Year ended                                                                                      Net
30 June 2022                                       Underlying                 Underlying     operating        Capital      Exploration     Exploration
US$M                                   Revenue      EBITDA         D&A          EBIT           assets       expenditure       gross         to profit
Escondida1                                9,500         6,198       907            5,291        11,703              860
Pampa Norte2                              2,670         1,363       893              470         4,543              673
Antamina3                                 1,777         1,289       146            1,143         1,306              323
Olympic Dam                               1,776           409       421              (12)        9,877              966
Other3,4                                      –          (157)       16             (173)             (9)            29
Total Copper from Group
  production                             15,723           9,102     2,383           6,719       27,420            2,851
Third-party products                      2,903              36         –              36            –                –
Total Copper                             18,626           9,138     2,383           6,755       27,420            2,851              96              92
Adjustment for equity accounted
  investments5                           (1,777)           (573)     (148)           (425)           –             (323)            (11)             (7)
Total Copper statutory result            16,849           8,565     2,235           6,330       27,420            2,528              85              85

Year ended                                                                                     Net
30 June 2021                                        Underlying                 Underlying    operating        Capital      Exploration     Exploration
US$M                                   Revenue       EBITDA        D&A           EBIT         assets        expenditure      gross          to profit
Escondida1                               9,470           6,483      969             5,514       11,926              666
Pampa Norte2                             1,801             954      390               564        4,510              678
Antamina3                                1,627           1,158      142             1,016        1,362              237
Olympic Dam                               2,211            598      313               285        9,045              830
Other3,4                                      –           (230)      10              (240)          85                7
Total Copper from Group
  production                             15,109           8,963     1,824           7,139       26,928            2,418
Third-party products                      2,244              64         –              64            –                –
Total Copper                             17,353           9,027     1,824           7,203       26,928            2,418              62              58
Adjustment for equity accounted
  investments5                           (1,627)           (538)     (144)           (394)           –             (238)             (9)             (5)
Total Copper statutory result            15,726           8,489     1,680           6,809       26,928            2,180              53              53

1      Escondida is consolidated under IFRS 10 and reported on a 100 per cent basis.
2      Includes Spence and Cerro Colorado.
3      Antamina, SolGold and Resolution are equity accounted investments and their financial information presented above with the exception of net
       operating assets reflects BHP Group’s share.
4      Predominantly comprises divisional activities, greenfield exploration and business development. Includes Resolution and SolGold.
5      Total Copper statutory result revenue excludes US$1,777 million (FY2021: US$1,627 million) revenue related to Antamina. Total Copper
       statutory result Underlying EBITDA includes US$148 million (FY2021: US$144 million) D&A and US$425 million (FY2021: US$394 million)
       net finance costs and taxation expense related to Antamina, Resolution and SolGold that are also included in Underlying EBIT. Total Copper
       Capital expenditure excludes US$323 million (FY2021: US$237 million) related to Antamina and US$ nil (FY2021: US$1 million) related to
       SolGold. Exploration gross excludes US$11 million (FY2021: US$9 million) related to SolGold of which US$7 million (FY2021: US$5 million)
       was expensed.

                                                                             193
3.2   Iron Ore
Detailed below is financial information for our Iron Ore assets for FY2022 and FY2021.

Year ended                                                                                    Net
30 June 2022                                     Underlying                Underlying      operating       Capital        Exploration     Exploration
US$M                                Revenue       EBITDA         D&A         EBIT            assets      expenditure        gross1         to profit
Western Australia Iron Ore           30,632          21,788      2,119         19,669         20,376           1,847
Samarco2                                  –               –          –              –          (3,433)             –
Other3                                  116             (81)       117           (198)           (120)             1
Total Iron Ore from Group
  production                          30,748          21,707      2,236         19,471        16,823            1,848
Third-party products4                     19               –          –              –             –                –
Total Iron Ore                        30,767          21,707      2,236         19,471        16,823            1,848               95              54
Adjustment for equity accounted
  investments                              –               –          –              –             –                –                –               –
Total Iron Ore statutory result       30,767          21,707      2,236         19,471        16,823            1,848               95              54

Year ended                                                                                   Net
30 June 2021                                     Underlying                Underlying      operating        Capital       Exploration      Exploration
US$M                                Revenue       EBITDA         D&A         EBIT           assets        expenditure       gross1          to profit
Western Australia Iron Ore           34,337          26,270      1,959         24,311        21,289             2,186
Samarco2                                  –               –          –              –         (2,794)               –
Other3                                  120               7         25            (18)           168                2
Total Iron Ore from Group
  production                          34,457          26,277      1,984         24,293        18,663            2,188
Third-party products4                     18               1          –              1             –                –
Total Iron Ore                        34,475          26,278      1,984         24,294        18,663            2,188              100               55
Adjustment for equity accounted
  investments                              –               –          –              –             –                –                –                –
Total Iron Ore statutory result       34,475          26,278      1,984         24,294        18,663            2,188              100               55

1     Includes US$41 million of capitalised exploration (FY2021: US$45 million).
2     Samarco is an equity accounted investment and its financial information presented above, with the exception of net operating assets, reflects BHP
      Billiton Brasil Ltda’s share. All financial impacts following the Samarco dam failure have been reported as exceptional items in both reporting
      periods.
3     Predominantly comprises divisional activities, towage services, business development and ceased operations.
4     Includes inter-segment and external sales of contracted gas purchases.

                                                                          194
3.3   Coal
Detailed below is financial information for our Coal assets for FY2022 and FY2021.

Year ended                                                                                    Net
30 June 2022                                      Underlying               Underlying      operating       Capital       Exploration     Exploration
US$M                                Revenue        EBITDA        D&A         EBIT            assets      expenditure        gross         to profit
BHP Mitsubishi Alliance              10,254            6,335      627           5,708          7,802             491
New South Wales Energy Coal1           3,122           1,868       91           1,777           (121)             73
Colombia2                                  –               –        –               –               –              –
Other3,4                               2,260           1,363       80           1,283             (31)            57
Total Coal from Group
  production                          15,636           9,566       798            8,768        7,650              621
Third-party products                       –               –         –                –            –                –
Total Coal                            15,636           9,566       798            8,768        7,650              621              17                 6
Adjustment for equity accounted
  investments5,6                         (87)            (62)      (27)             (35)           –                –               –                 –
Total Coal statutory result           15,549           9,504       771            8,733        7,650              621              17                 6

Year ended                                                                                    Net
30 June 2021                                      Underlying               Underlying       operating       Capital      Exploration      Exploration
US$M                                Revenue        EBITDA        D&A         EBIT            assets       expenditure      gross           to profit
BHP Mitsubishi Alliance               3,537              567      597             (30)          7,240             440
New South Wales Energy Coal1            927              (87)     144            (231)           (289)              50
Colombia2                               281               74       86             (12)              –               21
Other3,4                                778              (96)     152            (248)            561               90
Total Coal from Group
  production                           5,523             458       979            (521)        7,512              601
Third-party products                       –               –         –               –             –                –
Total Coal                             5,523             458       979            (521)        7,512              601              20                 7
Adjustment for equity accounted
  investments5,6                        (369)           (170)     (114)            (56)            –              (22)              –                 –
Total Coal statutory result            5,154             288       865            (577)        7,512              579              20                 7

1     Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group is an equity accounted investment and its financial information presented above with the exception of net
      operating assets reflects BHP Group’s share.
2     On 11 January 2022, BHP completed the sale of its 33.33 per cent interest in Cerrejón to Glencore. The transaction was first announced on 28 June
      2021 for a total cash consideration of US$294 million with an effective economic date of 31 December 2020. During the year ended 30 June 2022,
      the Group received dividends of US$238 million from Cerrejón, reducing completion proceeds, net of expected transaction costs at completion
      date. For more information refer to Financial Statements note 29 ‘Investments accounted for using the equity method’.
3     On 3 May 2022, BHP completed the sale of its 80 per cent interest in BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) to Stanmore SMC Holdings Pty Ltd, a wholly
      owned entity of Stanmore Resources Limited (Stanmore Resources) resulting in a net after tax gain on disposal of US$840 million that has been
      recognised as an exceptional item. For more information refer to Financial Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’. The Group’s share of BMC
      revenue, Underlying EBITDA, D&A, Underlying EBIT, Net operating assets and Capital expenditure have been presented within ‘Other’.
4     Predominantly comprises BMC, divisional activities and ceased operations.
5     Total Coal statutory result revenue excludes US$ nil (FY2021: US$281 million) revenue related to Cerrejón. Total Coal statutory result
      Underlying EBITDA includes US$ nil (FY2021: US$86 million) D&A and US$ nil (FY2021: US$2 million) net finance costs and taxation benefit
      related to Cerrejón, that are also included in Underlying EBIT. Total Coal statutory result Capital expenditure excludes US$ nil (FY2021: US$21
      million) related to Cerrejón.
6     Total Coal statutory result revenue excludes US$87 million (FY2021: US$88 million) revenue related to Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group.
      Total Coal statutory result excludes US$62 million (FY2021: US$82 million) Underlying EBITDA, US$27 million (FY2021: US$28 million)
      D&A and US$35 million (FY2021: US$54 million) Underlying EBIT related to Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group until future profits exceed
      accumulated losses. Total Coal Capital expenditure excludes US$ nil (FY2021: US$1 million) related to Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group.


3.4   Other assets
Detailed below is financial information for our Other assets for FY2022 and FY2021.

Year ended                                                                                    Net
30 June 2022                                    Underlying                Underlying       operating       Capital       Exploration     Exploration
US$M                              Revenue        EBITDA         D&A         EBIT             assets      expenditure        gross         to profit
Potash                                  –             (147)        2            (149)          3,570             376               –                –
Nickel West                         1,926              420        93             327             721             362              42              37

Year ended                                                                                   Net
30 June 2021                                    Underlying                Underlying       operating       Capital       Exploration      Exploration
US$M                              Revenue        EBITDA         D&A         EBIT            assets       expenditure       gross           to profit
Potash                                  –             (167)        2            (169)          3,073             268               –                 –
Nickel West                         1,545              259       110             149             300             286              17                17

                                                                          195
4   Production
The table below details our mineral and derivative product production for all operations for the three years ended 30 June 2022, 2021 and 2020. Unless
otherwise stated, the production numbers represent our share of production and include BHP’s share of production from which profit is derived from our
equity accounted investments. Production information for equity accounted investments is included to provide insight into the operational performance
of these entities. For discussion of minerals pricing during the past three years refer to OFR 10.

                                                                                                                        BHP share of production1
                                                                                                    BHP interest          Year ended 30 June
                                                                                                        %              2022      2021       2020
Copper2
Payable metal in concentrate (‘000 tonnes)
Escondida, Chile3                                                                                            57.5       802.6       871.7       925.9
Pampa Norte, Chile5                                                                                          100        111.2        27.4           0
Antamina, Peru4                                                                                             33.75       149.9       144.0       124.5
Total copper concentrate                                                                                              1,063.7     1,043.1     1,050.4
Copper cathode (‘000 tonnes)
Escondida, Chile3                                                                                            57.5       201.4       196.5       259.4
Pampa Norte, Chile5                                                                                          100        170.0       190.8       242.7
Olympic Dam, Australia                                                                                        100       138.4       205.3       171.6
Total copper cathode                                                                                                    509.8       592.6       673.7
Total copper concentrate and cathode                                                                                  1,573.5     1,635.7     1,724.1
Lead
Payable metal in concentrate (‘000 tonnes)
Antamina, Peru4                                                                                             33.75         1.1         2.5         1.7
Total lead                                                                                                                1.1         2.5         1.7
Zinc
Payable metal in concentrate (‘000 tonnes)
Antamina, Peru4                                                                                             33.75       123.2       145.1        88.5
Total zinc                                                                                                              123.2       145.1        88.5
Gold
Payable metal in concentrate (‘000 ounces)
Escondida, Chile3                                                                                            57.5       167.0       167.0       177.4
Pampa Norte, Chile5                                                                                          100         28.9         4.7
Olympic Dam, Australia (refined gold)                                                                         100       119.5       146.0       146.0
Total gold                                                                                                              315.4       317.7       323.4
Silver
Payable metal in concentrate (‘000 ounces)
Escondida, Chile3                                                                                            57.5       5,334       5,759       6,413
Antamina, Peru4                                                                                             33.75       5,078       5,965       4,116
Pampa Norte, Chile5                                                                                          100        1,011         214
Olympic Dam, Australia (refined silver)                                                                       100         743         810        984
Total silver                                                                                                           12,166      12,748     11,513
Uranium
Payable metal in concentrate (tonnes)
Olympic Dam, Australia                                                                                        100       2,375       3,267       3,678
Total uranium                                                                                                           2,375       3,267       3,678
Molybdenum
Payable metal in concentrate (tonnes)
Antamina, Peru4                                                                                             33.75         798         863       1,666
Pampa Norte, Chile5                                                                                          100           71
Total molybdenum                                                                                                          869         863       1,666

                                                                         196
                                                                                                                   BHP Group share of production1
                                                                                                BHP interest             Year ended 30 June
                                                                                                    %               2022        2021        2020
Iron ore
Western Australia Iron Ore
Production (‘000 tonnes)6
Newman, Australia                                                                                          85       57,041        63,221     65,641
Area C Joint Venture, Australia                                                                            85       94,431        52,386     51,499
Yandi Joint Venture, Australia                                                                             85       38,922        68,596     69,262
Jimblebar, Australia7                                                                                      85       58,782        67,393     61,754
Wheelarra, Australia                                                                                       85            0             0          3
Total Western Australia Iron Ore                                                                                   249,176       251,596    248,159
Samarco, Brazil4                                                                                           50        4,071         1,938          –
Total iron ore                                                                                                     253,247       253,534    248,159
Coal
Metallurgical coal
Production (‘000 tonnes)8
Blackwater, Australia                                                                                      50         5,834        6,224       5,545
Goonyella Riverside, Australia                                                                             50         8,360        9,448       8,765
Peak Downs, Australia                                                                                      50         4,944        5,892       5,783
Saraji, Australia                                                                                          50         4,614        4,489       4,963
Daunia, Australia                                                                                          50         1,491        1,928       2,170
Caval Ridge, Australia                                                                                     50         3,899        3,903       4,349
Total BHP Mitsubishi Alliance                                                                                        29,142       31,884      31,575
South Walker Creek, Australia9                                                                             80         4,941        4,887       5,415
Poitrel, Australia9                                                                                        80         2,981        3,854       4,128
Total BHP Mitsui Coal11                                                                                               7,922        8,741       9,543
Total metallurgical coal                                                                                             37,064       40,625      41,118
Energy coal
Production (‘000 tonnes)
New South Wales Energy Coal, Australia                                                                     100       13,701       14,326      16,052
Cerrejón, Colombia4                                                                                       33.3        4,236        4,964       7,115
Total energy coal                                                                                                    17,937       19,290      23,167
Nickel
Saleable production (‘000 tonnes)
Nickel West, Australia10                                                                                  100          76.8         89.0          80.1
Total nickel                                                                                                           76.8         89.0          80.1

1    BHP share of production includes the Group’s share of production for which profit is derived from our equity accounted investments, unless
     otherwise stated.
2    Metal production is reported on the basis of payable metal.
3    Shown on 100 per cent basis. BHP interest in saleable production is 57.5 per cent.
4    For statutory financial reporting purposes, this is an equity accounted investment. We have included production numbers from our equity
     accounted investments as the level of production and operating performance from these operations impacts Underlying EBITDA of the Group.
     Our use of Underlying EBITDA is explained in OFR 4.3. BHP completed the sale of its 33.3 per cent interest in Cerrejón on 11 January 2022.
     Production for Cerrejón reported until 31 December 2021.
5    Includes Cerro Colorado and Spence.
6    Iron ore production is reported on a wet tonnes basis.
7    Shown on 100 per cent basis. BHP interest in saleable production is 85 per cent.
8    Metallurgical coal production is reported on the basis of saleable product. Production figures include some thermal coal.
9    Shown on 100 per cent basis. BHP interest in saleable production is 80 per cent.
10   Nickel contained in matte and refined nickel metal, including briquette, powder, nickel sulphate and by-product streams.
11   BHP completed the sale of its 80 per cent interest in BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) on 3 May 2022. Production reported until 30 April 2022.

                                                                          197
5   Mineral resources and mineral reserves
Our mineral resources and mineral reserves presented in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with US Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) regulations Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K (S-K 1300).

Mineral resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth’s crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity
that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralisation, taking into account relevant
factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions,
is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralisation drilled or sampled.

Our mineral resources have been classified as measured, indicated or inferred depending on the level of geological certainty and confidence in the
estimates, as defined in Item 1300 of S-K 1300.

Mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person,
can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource,
which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted.

Our mineral reserves have been classified as proven and probable depending on the mineral resource classification and level of confidence in the
assumptions, as defined in Item 1300 of S-K 1300.

To estimate mineral reserves, assumptions are required about a range of technical and economic factors, including quantities, qualities, production
techniques, recovery efficiency, production and transport costs, commodity supply and demand, commodity prices and exchange rates. Estimating the
quantity and/or quality of mineral reserves requires the size, shape and depth of ore bodies to be determined by analysing geological data such as drilling
samples and geophysical survey interpretations. Economic assumptions used to estimate reserves may change from period to period as additional
technical, financial and operational data becomes available.

Our mineral resources and mineral reserves are constrained to tenure that we have rights to. Our mineral leases are of sufficient duration (or convey a
legal right to renew for sufficient duration) to enable all reserves on the leased properties to be mined in accordance with current production schedules.
Reserves may include areas where some additional approvals remain outstanding, however it is anticipated these approvals will be obtained with the
timeframe required by the current life of mine schedules.


Presentation of mineral resources and mineral reserves
Mineral resources and mineral reserves are presented at the proportion attributable to our economic interest and represent estimates as at 30 June 2022.
Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves. The specific point of reference and commodity prices defining the mineral resources and
mineral reserves estimates are provided in the footnotes associated with each of the mineral resources and mineral reserves tables below. Quantities of
mineral reserves and mineral resources are reported in million metric tonnes (Mt). Tonnes are reported as dry metric tonnes (unless otherwise stated). All
tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals. Refer to the Glossary for definitions of technical terms
relating to mineral resources, mineral reserves, geology, mining or related matters and abbreviations.

Our mineral resources and mineral reserves presented in this annual report differ from the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves we report in our home
jurisdiction of Australia. The jurisdiction of Australia requires reporting in accordance with the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) listing rules and the
Australasian Code for reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, December 2012 (the JORC Code).

A key difference in the estimation of our resources and reserves pursuant to the ASX listing rules and S-K 1300 are the economic inputs, commodity
prices and cost assumptions. Estimates we report in accordance with the ASX listing rules are based on internally generated, projected long-term
commodity prices and current operating costs or costs used in studies for development projects.

S-K 1300 requires mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates to be based on reasonable and justifiable commodity prices selected by a qualified
person. Further, the prices must provide a reasonable basis for establishing the prospects of economic extraction for mineral resources, and be the
expected prices for mineral reserves. Since S-K 1300 requires the disclosure of the prices used in the estimation of mineral resources and mineral
reserves, due to commercial sensitivity regarding the disclosure of our internally generated projected long-term commodity prices, estimates included in
this report in accordance with S-K 1300 are based on historical average commodity prices. Our mineral resources are based on the third quartile average
monthly prices over the timeframe of 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021, unless otherwise stated. Our mineral reserves are based on the second quartile
average monthly prices over the timeframe of 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021, unless otherwise stated. Exceptions are described in the footnotes associated
with each of the mineral resources or mineral reserves tables below.

Except as otherwise stated, the estimates included in this report in accordance with S-K 1300 are based on average costs over the timeframe of 1 July
2018 to 30 June 2021 for production-stage properties or, for development-stage properties, costs are determined from first principles.

For non-operated properties that we have an economic interest in, the commodity prices and costs used are as the operator has advised.

The qualified persons consider that the use of historic prices and costs are appropriate to demonstrate economic viability of the mineral resources and
mineral reserves. The prices are factual and the time interval is of sufficient duration to consider a range of price fluctuations. The commodity prices
used to estimate the mineral resources and mineral reserves are included as footnotes to the mineral resources and mineral reserves tables below.

                                                                            198
Internal controls and assurance programs
We have internal controls over our mineral resources and mineral reserves estimation efforts that are designed to produce reasonable and reliable
estimates aligned with industry practice and our regulatory reporting requirements. The governance for our estimation efforts is located at both the asset
and the BHP Group level within our Resource Centre of Excellence, an internal assurance team independent of our qualified persons and BHP
employees who are responsible for the estimations. The assets provide first-line assurance on estimates through peer review and validation processes.
The Resource Centre of Excellence is responsible for assurance over the processes implemented by the assets as they relate to mineral resources and
mineral reserves estimation and the compiling of the mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates to be reported in accordance with S-K 1300.

Our internal controls utilise management systems, including, but not limited to, formal quality assurance and quality control processes, standardised
procedures, workflow processes, data security covering record keeping, chain of custody and data storage, supervision and management approval,
reconciliations, internal and external reviews and audits.

Our internal requirements and standards provide the basis for the governance over the estimation and reporting of mineral resources and mineral
reserves and provide technical guidance to all reporting assets. These internal requirements and standards are periodically reviewed and updated for
alignment with industry practice and reporting regulations.

Our internal controls for exploration data, as they relate to mineral resources and mineral reserves estimations, are managed by our operating assets with
assurance provided by the Resource Centre of Excellence. These include, but are not limited to:
•     documented procedures and standards defining minimum requirements on critical aspects to support exploration and resource development
      programs
•     peer review of data collection including staged sign off by reviewers
•     quality control checks on drill hole positions, collar and down hole surveys
•     geological logs verified by either peer review or cross validation from other data sources, such as, sample analysis, downhole geophysical logging,
      core photography or scanning technologies
•     sample security protocols at all stages of handling, from sample collection, transportation, preparation and analysis, including the storage of core
      or pulps post analysis
•     industry standard practices for sample analysis quality control. Insertion of standards, duplicates, and blanks into sample batches at a frequency to
      enable the assessment of analytical data quality
•     commercial or internal laboratories site inspected periodically and their internal quality control data is reviewed. From time to time a selection of
      samples are analysed at alternate laboratories to monitor laboratory performance
•     quality control data reviewed at regular intervals to verify deviations to enable timely remediation
•     quality assurance and quality control data validation and verification processes in place to support database integrity. This is based on automatic
      routines inbuilt into the geological databases. Inconsistencies are reviewed, verified and where required rectified by the responsible geologist
•     geological databases periodically audited from source data
•     geological data is stored on company servers and are routinely backed up
•     geological models, including interpretation and mineralisation domains, internally peer reviewed prior to estimation

                                                                              199
Our internal controls for mineral resources and mineral reserves estimation include, but are not limited to:
•     source data review from database extracts, using exploratory data statistical analysis prior to use in the estimation of mineral resources.
      Identification of data to exclude, outliers and visual checks against estimation domains
•     peer reviews of the estimation inputs based on statistical studies and estimation parameters as applied in industry standard estimation software
•     visual and statistical validation of the estimates against source data and where available reconciliation to previous models, operational models and
      production data
•     peer review of the classification applied, considering quantitative measures and qualitative considerations
•     peer review of assumptions applied that convert resources to reserves
•     independent audits or reviews for new or materially changed mineral resources and mineral reserves

Operating assets manage internal risk registers relating to uncertainties in the mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates to direct future work
programs or estimation updates. These may include but are not limited to:
•     areas of uncertainty in the estimates impacting local interpretations
•     bulk density assumptions, based on sample test work or operational results
•     metallurgical recovery assumptions, based on test work or plant performance
•     changes in commodity prices, costs and exchange rate assumptions
•     geotechnical and hydrogeological considerations impacting on underground or open-cut mining assumptions
•     ore loss and dilution, mining selectivity and production rate assumptions
•     cut-off value changes to meet product specifications
•     changes in environmental, permitting and social license to operate assumptions

Further to assurance activities by the assets specifically relating to the estimation of mineral resources and mineral reserves, the Resource Centre of
Excellence with subject matter experts have developed standards and guidelines across BHP for reviewing and documenting the information supporting
our mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates, describing the methods used and verifying the reliability of such estimates. These activities are
supported by the following controls:
•     The reporting of mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates are required to follow BHP’s standard procedures for public reporting in
      accordance with current regulatory requirements.
•     Annual risk reviews are conducted with qualified persons and BHP employees on all mineral resources and mineral reserves to be reported
      including year on year change impact assessment, reconciliation performance metrics for the operating mines and control assessment for the
      estimation inputs. The information and supporting documentation is prepared by the applicable qualified persons relating to the estimates and is
      evaluated for compliance with BHP’s internal controls. Based on these reviews, recommendations of endorsement are provided to our senior
      management for the use and reporting of the mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates.
•     Periodic internal technical ‘deep dive’ assessments of mineral resources and mineral reserves estimates are conducted on a frequency that is
      informed by asset materiality and outcomes of the annual risk reviews.
•     Management and closure reviews of actions assigned to qualified persons and BHP employees resulting from the annual risk reviews and technical
      ‘deep dive’ assessments are conducted.
•     Assurance is undertaken over the reporting documentation provided by qualified persons for public release and management and verification of
      inputs into BHP mineral resources and mineral reserves reporting database.

The Resource Centre of Excellence also provides an annual update on assurance activities and changes relating to our mineral resources and mineral
reserves estimation efforts to the Risk and Audit Committee (RAC) in connection with the RAC’s responsibility over the effectiveness of systems of
internal control and risk management of BHP.

                                                                              200
Inherent risks in the estimation of mineral resources and mineral reserves
The estimation of our mineral resources and mineral reserves are largely based on historical average prices of the commodities we produce or intend to
produce, primarily iron ore, copper, coal, potash and nickel. Estimated annual cash flows from our future operations, estimated production schedules,
estimated capital expenditure and operating costs, estimated site closure costs, estimated royalty and tax costs, valuation assumptions and interpretations
of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques, all of which may not necessarily be indicative of future results. The
assumptions and interpretations used to estimate our mineral resources and mineral reserves may change from period to period, and, because additional
geological data generated during the course of our operations may not be consistent with the data on which we based our mineral resources and mineral
reserves, such estimates may change from period to period or may need to be revised. No assurance can be given that our mineral resources or mineral
reserves presented in this report will be recovered at the grade, quality or quantities presented or at all.

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in the estimation of mineral resources and mineral reserves. Areas of uncertainty that may materially impact
our mineral resources or mineral reserves estimates may include, but are not limited to: (i) changes to long-term commodity prices, external market
factors, foreign exchange rates and other economic assumptions; (ii) changes in geological interpretations of mineral deposits and geological modelling,
including estimation input parameters and techniques; (iii) changes to metallurgical or process recovery assumptions which adversely affect the volume,
grade or qualities of our commodities produced (for example, processing that results in higher deleterious elements that result in penalties) or other
changes to mining method assumptions; (iv) changes to input assumptions used to derive the potentially mineable shapes applicable to the assumed
underground or open-pit mining methods used to constrain the estimates; (v) changes to life of mine or production rate assumptions; (vi) changes to
dilution and mining recovery assumptions; (vii) changes to cut-off grades applied to the estimates; (viii) changes to geotechnical (including seismicity),
structures, rock mass strength, stress regime, hydrogeological, hydrothermal or geothermal factors; (ix) changes to infrastructure supporting the
operations of or access to the applicable mine site; (x) changes to mineral, surface, water or other natural resources rights; (xi) changes to royalty, taxes,
environmental, permitting and social license assumptions in the jurisdictions in which we operate; and (xii) changes in capital or operating costs.

Additionally, the term “mineral resources” does not indicate recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves pursuant to S-K 1300. Estimates of
mineral resources are subject to further exploration and evaluation of development and operating costs, grades, recoveries and other material factors,
and, therefore, are subject to considerable uncertainty. Mineral resources do not meet the threshold for mineral reserve modifying factors, such as
engineering, legal or economic feasibility, that would allow for the conversion to mineral reserves. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that our
mineral resources not included in mineral reserves will become recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves.

Refer to “Forward-looking statements” and the Risk Factors in OFR 9.1 for other factors that may affect our mineral resources and mineral reserves
estimates.

                                                                             201
5.1     Copper
Mineral Resources
As at 30 June 2022

                                       Measured Resources                                Indicated Resources                           Measured + Indicated Resources                           Inferred Resources
                     Mining Tonnage             Qualities                    Tonnage               Qualities                    Tonnage               Qualities                     Tonnage               Qualities
Copper1,2            Method   Mt      %Cu                                      Mt       %Cu                                       Mt     %Cu                                          Mt      %Cu
Chile
    Escondida3,4,5,6,7
        Oxide          OC       4.0   0.48         –        –            –        5.0   0.47         –         –            –        9.0   0.48          –       –              –       2.0   0.75          –         –            –
        Mixed          OC       4.0   0.53         –        –            –        9.0   0.44         –         –            –        13    0.47          –       –              –        11   0.49          –         –            –
        Sulphide       OC      596    0.49         –        –            –     1,020    0.49         –         –            –     1,620    0.49          –       –              –     5,370   0.53          –         –            –
    Escondida Total            604    0.49         –        –            –     1,030    0.49         –         –            –     1,640    0.49          –       –              –     5,380   0.53          –         –            –
    Pampa Norte8       OC      282    0.45         –        –            –       570    0.47         –         –            –       852    0.46          –       –              –       636   0.44          –         –            –

Australia                     Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu            g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu              g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu               g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu              g/tAg
    Olympic Dam9     UG        485 1.32     0.38 0.56                    2      437 1.26     0.37 0.50                      2      922 1.29     0.38 0.53                       2      170 1.41     0.39 0.62                      3

Peru                          Mt      %Cu    %Zn       g/tAg ppmMo             Mt       %Cu    %Zn       g/tAg ppmMo              Mt       %Cu     %Zn       g/tAg ppmMo              Mt      %Cu    %Zn        g/tAg ppmMo
    Antamina10       OC &
                     UG          41   0.70      0.51        11     150           159    0.85      0.63         11     180           200    0.82       0.61      11        180           425   0.99       0.57         11     170
Total copper                  1,410   0.77         –         –       –         2,200    0.66         –          –       –         3,620    0.71          –       –          –         6,610   0.57          –          –       –

1       Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
        interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
2       Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
3       Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300.
4       Escondida point of reference for the mineral resources was mine gate.
5       Escondida mineral resources estimates were based on a copper price of US$3.04/lb.
6       Escondida mineral resources cut-off criteria used was Oxide ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu; Mixed ≥ 0.30% Cu; Sulphide ≥ 0.25% Cu for mineralisation
        assigned to be processed via leaching or ≥ 0.30% Cu for mineralisation assigned to be processed via the concentrator.
7       Escondida metallurgical recoveries for Oxide 62%; Mixed 42%; Sulphide 42% for material processed by leaching or 83% for material processed
        via the concentrator.
8       Pampa Norte, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Cerro Colorado and Spence deposits. The mineral resources estimates were based on a
        copper price of US$3.04/lb. The reference point for the mineral resources was mine gate.
9       Olympic Dam mineral resources estimates, in which BHP has a 100% interest, were based on a copper price of US$3.04/lb, uranium oxide price
        of US$30.06/lb, gold price of US$1,817/troy oz and silver price of US$24.40/troy oz. The reference point for the mineral resources was mine gate,
        ex-processing.
10      Antamina mineral resources estimates, in which BHP has a 33.75% interest, were based on a copper price of US$3.30/lb, zinc price of US$1.20/lb,
        silver price of US$25.10/troy oz and molybdenum price of US$11.10/lb. The reference point for the mineral resources was in situ.

                                                                                                         202
Mineral Reserves
As at 30 June 2022

                                           Proven Reserves                               Probable Reserves                               Total Reserves
                          Mining Tonnage           Qualities                    Tonnage           Qualities                   Tonnage           Qualities
Copper1                   Method   Mt    %Cu                                      Mt    %Cu                                     Mt    %Cu
Chile
    Escondida2,3,4,5,6
        Oxide              OC           75    0.57       –      –           –        31    0.51       –       –           –       106   0.55       –        –           –
        Sulphide           OC        1,560    0.70       –      –           –       939    0.56       –       –           –     2,500   0.65       –        –           –
        Sulphide Leach     OC          755    0.46       –      –           –       197    0.40       –       –           –       952   0.45       –        –           –
    Escondida Total                  2,390    0.62       –      –           –     1,170    0.53       –       –           –     3,560   0.59       –        –           –
    Pampa Norte7           OC          725    0.51       –      –           –       419    0.50       –       –           –     1,150   0.50       –        –           –

Australia                            Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu        g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu         g/tAg         Mt   %Cu kg/tU3O8 g/tAu         g/tAg
    Olympic Dam8           UG         285 1.96     0.59 0.72                5      263 1.71     0.53 0.63                 4      548 1.84     0.56 0.68                 5

Peru                                 Mt      %Cu     %Zn    g/tAg ppmMo           Mt      %Cu     %Zn    g/tAg ppmMo            Mt    %Cu      %Zn    g/tAg ppmMo
    Antamina9              OC           57    0.92     0.65     9    280             48    0.98     0.99    11    230             105 0.94       0.80    10    260
Total copper                         3,460    0.71        –     –      –          1,900    0.70        –     –      –           5,360 0.71          –     –      –

1     Mineral reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
      interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
2     Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300.
3     Escondida point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate.
4     Escondida mineral reserves estimates were based on a copper price of US$2.79/lb.
5     Escondida mineral reserves cut-off criteria used was Oxide ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu. For Sulphide ≥ 0.30% Cu and where greater than the variable
      cut-off of the concentrator. Sulphide ore is processed in the concentrator plants as a result of an optimised mine plan with consideration of
      technical and economic parameters in order to maximise net present value. Sulphide Leach ≥ 0.25% Cu and 70% or less of copper contained in
      chalcopyrite and lower than the variable cut-off grade. Sulphide leach ore is processed in the leaching plant as an alternative to the concentrator
      process.
6     Escondida metallurgical recoveries for Oxide 62%; Sulphide Leach 42%; Sulphide 42% for material processed by leaching or 83% for material
      processed via the concentrator.
7     Pampa Norte, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Cerro Colorado and Spence deposits. The mineral reserves estimates were based on a
      copper price of US$2.79/lb. The point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate.
8     Olympic Dam mineral reserves estimates, in which BHP has a 100% interest, were based on a copper price of US$2.79/lb, uranium oxide price of
      US$28.68/lb, gold price of US$1,535.75/troy oz and silver price of US$17.16/troy oz. The point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine
      gate, ex-processing.
9     Antamina mineral reserves estimates, in which BHP has a 33.75% interest, were based on a copper price of US$3.30/lb, zinc price of US$1.10/lb,
      silver price of US$20.70/troy oz and molybdenum price of US$9.30/lb. The point of reference for the mineral reserves was delivery to processing
      plant.

                                                                                203
5.2   Escondida individual property disclosure
5.2.1 Property description
Escondida copper mine (Escondida) is a production stage property operated by Minera Escondida Limitada (MEL) consisting of Escondida and
Escondida Norte deposits located in northern Chile, 170 km south-east of Antofagasta at an elevation of approximately 3,100 m above sea level.

The location of the operations centred upon the two pits are listed and shown below.
•     Escondida: Latitude 24°16’ S, Longitude 69° 04’ W
•     Escondida Norte: Latitude 24°13’ S, Longitude 69° 03’ W




                                                                          204
5.2.2 Infrastructure
All required infrastructure supporting the current mine plan including roads, rail and port, power and water supply is in place. Access to the property is
via a company maintained public road from Antofagasta. The city of Antofagasta is serviced by the regional airport.
The site infrastructure, centred on the two pits, includes three concentrator plants, one heap and one dump leaching process facilities, associated cathode
production plant, tailings deposit, along with support and service facilities.

Two MEL owned and operated seawater desalination plants are located at Punta Coloso on the Antofagasta coastline and supply water for processing
plants, mine operations and supporting infrastructure via three pipelines to the mine site. Water is recycled from the tailings dam for re-use in the
concentrator plants.

The nearby Coloso port facility receives copper concentrate via a pipeline from the mine site and processes this to a dry concentrate ready for
stockpiling and loading via a dedicated concentrate shiploading facility. Both concentrate pipeline and port facilities are owned and operated by MEL.

Additional third-party owned port infrastructure is located at Antofagasta, including rail, train unloading and ship loading facilities.

Escondida utilises an existing privately owned railway system to transport copper cathode product from site and consumables to site through the ports of
Antofagasta and Mejillones. Escondida owns a minor rail spur connecting the mine site into the publicly owned railway.

The source of water for the mine, processing plants and supporting infrastructure is provided from two seawater desalination plants located at Punta
Coloso, and pumping facilities to site via three pipelines. Water is recycled from the tailings dam for re-use in the concentrator plants.

Electrical power supplied to site infrastructure was purchased from suppliers Power Angamos and Tamakaya. From FY2023, MEL are expected to be
supplied via a third-party renewable power purchase agreement, contributing towards reducing the site’s emissions. The contract has two providers Enel
Generation (60%) and Colbun (40%).

The power is supplied at 220kV and then distributed throughout the operations to the required locations via a series of substations. The power
transmission system that supplies the mine site is owned and managed by MEL.

The workforce is a combination of employees and contractors supporting the operations. Operational personnel reside on site in MEL accommodation
and are sourced from Antofagasta or from other parts of Chile.

                                                                             205
5.2.3 Mineral tenure
MEL holds a total of 764 mining concessions covering an area of 406,018 ha. There are 18 principal mining concessions that provide MEL with the
right to explore and mine indefinitely, subject to payment of annual license fees. All leases were obtained through the legally established process in
which judicial requests are presented to the Chilean state.

                                                                                                                          Surface         Annual rent
Lease name                                  Registered tenement holder                                 Expiry date       area (ha)      and rate (UTM)1
Alexis 1/1424            Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             7,059                  705.9
Amelia 1/1049            Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             5,235                  523.5
Catita 1/376             Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             1,732                  173.2
Claudia 1/70             Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent               557                   55.7
Colorado 501/977         Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             2,385                  238.5
Costa 1/1861             Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             9,159                  915.9
Donaldo 1/612            Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             3,060                  306.0
Ela 1/100                Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent               500                   50.0
Gata 1 1/100             Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent               400                   40.0
Gata 2 1/50              Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent               200                   20.0
Guillermo 1/368          Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             1,785                  178.5
Hole 14                  Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent                 1                    0.1
Naty 1/46                Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent               230                   23.0
Paola 1/3000             Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent            15,000                1,500.0
Pista 1/22               Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent                22                    2.2
Pistita 1/5              Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent                 9                    0.9
Ramón 1/640              Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             3,200                  320.0
Rola 1/1680              Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                        Permanent             8,400                  840.0
                         Total                                                                                              58,934                5,893.0

1     Unidad Tributaria Mensual (UTM) is a Chilean state tax unit valued in Chilean pesos (CLP) per hectare. The 2022 rate is 0.1 UTM. Annual
      payments are made at the end of the Chilean tax year (end of March) for concessions.

In addition to mining concessions, Chilean law also regulates, independently of mining concessions, the rights to the use of the land surface. MEL owns
155,000 ha of surface rights and these are also renewable on an annual basis. These rights are also obtained through legal process presented to the
Chilean state and potentially to other third party owners, including the Chilean “Consejo de Defensa del Estado” as required, MEL’s main surface rights
cover operational activities such as pits, dumps, leach pads, plant and other infrastructure.

                                                  Surface rights identifier1                                                                     Surface
Infrastructure                                     Folio Number Year               Register                          Regional office            area (ha)
Pits, waste dumps, leach pads, plants              619 V         964 1984 Hipotecas y Gravámenes              Bienes Raíces Antofagasta            22,084
Energy transmission lines, aqueducts, mineral     1121 V        1117 2018 Hipotecas y Gravámenes              Bienes Raíces Antofagasta            26,988
   pipelines, roads
1     As defined by Chilean legal requirements

MEL also holds maritime concessions for the Coloso port facilities. These concessions are requested through submission of the proposed project to the
Chilean Ministry of Defence and are awarded by legal decree.


5.2.4 Registrant interest
BHP does not hold any royalty in the Escondida property in addition to its economic interest of 57.5%.


5.2.5 Present condition of property
Escondida is a production-stage property actively operating two open cut mines, Escondida and Escondida Norte.

Continuous resource definition activities are ongoing to upgrade mineral resources understanding to support the mine plans and to develop mineral
reserves. These activities include drilling and in-pit mapping. Geological understanding of the two deposits is supported by a total of approximately
2,700 km of drilling undertaken in a total of approximately 8,600 drill holes.

                                                                           206
Surface mining is by drilling and blasting along with shovel/excavator loading and truck haulage from each of the two open pits. Extracted sulphide ore
undergoes crushing prior to processing in one of three concentrators with concentrate piped to the Coloso port for drying. Lower grade sulphide ore is
directly dumped onto leach pads and is processed by biological leaching. Oxide and transitional ores are processed using heap leaching. Leached
products are converted to copper cathode then railed to Antofagasta port.


5.2.6 Physical condition
Construction commenced on the Escondida property in 1988 with first production in 1990. A number of expansion phases followed from 1993 onwards
which included the development of additional infrastructure to increase production. Key milestones subsequent to first production in 1990 relating to the
development of the operations were:
•     1998 Acid heap leaching of oxides commenced
•     2002 Second concentrator (Phase 4) inaugurated
•     2005 Mining commenced at Escondida Norte
•     2006 Dump bio-leaching of sulphides commenced
•     2007 First desalination plant commenced pumping
•     2016 Third concentrator inaugurated
•     2017 Second desalination plant commenced pumping
•     2020 Operation converted to 100% use of desalination water

The operations undertake planned maintenance programs and implement scheduled replacement of mine fleet and infrastructure components that is
intended to maintain the continued reliable operating of equipment, facilities and infrastructure to meet operational requirements.


5.2.7 Book value
The total book value for the Escondida property and its associated plant and equipment was US$10.6 billion as of 30 June 2022.


5.2.8 History of previous operations
Utah International Inc. (Utah) and Getty Oil Co. (Getty) commenced geochemical exploration in the region in 1978 which led to the discovery of
Escondida deposit in 1981. In 1984 through corporate acquisitions, BHP acquired the Escondida property. Ownership changed in 1985 to a joint venture
between BHP (57.5%), Rio Tinto Zinc (30%), JECO Corporation (10%) and World Bank (2.5%). The joint venture undertook all the subsequent
exploration and development work to bring Escondida into operation in 1990. Current ownership, since 2010 is BHP (57.5%), Rio Tinto (30%), JECO
Corporation (10%) and JECO 2 Limited (2.5%). Minera Escondida Limitada operates Escondida.


5.2.9 Significant encumbrances
Minera Escondida holds the licenses to operate pursuant to the current mine plan. BHP is not aware of any material encumbrances that would impact the
current mineral resources or mineral reserves.


5.2.10 Geology and mineralisation
The Escondida and Escondida Norte copper deposits lie in the Escondida-Sierra de Varas shear lens of the Domeyko Fault System. The deposits are
supergene-enriched copper porphyries with primary sulphide mineralisation associated with multiple phase intrusions of monzonite to granodiorite
composition into host volcanics.
Primary mineralisation has undergone secondary supergene leaching and enrichment with associated local formation of copper oxide mineralisation,
predominately brochantite. Supergene enrichment generated laterally-continuous and sub-horizontal high-grade sulphide mineralisation zones across the
deposit, predominately chalcocite and covellite. The primary hypogene mineralisation, present in the deepest parts of the deposits is chalcopyrite with
bornite.

                                                                          207
5.2.11 Mineral resources and mineral reserves
Tables of mineral resources and mineral reserves for Escondida reported by ore type are included in section 5.1 above.


5.2.12 Changes to mineral resources and mineral reserves
Mineral resources are being reported for the first time in a filing with the SEC in accordance with S-K 1300 for the fiscal year ending 30 June 2022.
There are no comparable estimates for the preceding year ending 30 June 2021.

Similarly, mineral reserves are being reported for the first time in accordance with S-K 1300 for the fiscal year ending 30 June 2022. In the preceding
year ending 30 June 2021, BHP had reported mineral reserves for Escondida in accordance with the US SEC Industry Guide 7 at a 100% ownership
basis.

Total reserves as at 30 June 2022 were 3,560Mt, compared to the previous year as at 30 June 2021 which were 4,010Mt (on an equity basis), a decrease
of 11% (-450Mt). The changes were mainly due to the application of economic assumptions relating to commodity prices and costs in response to the
disclosure requirements of S-K 1300 relative to the assumptions we applied for the previous year in accordance with the US SEC Industry Guide 7 with
some depletion.


5.2.13 Material assumptions and criteria
Material assumptions in the estimation of mineral resources are:
•     Resources estimated using ordinary kriging.
•     The sample data preparation including data capping.
•     The pit optimisation used to determine the resources that have reasonable prospects of economic extraction based on a copper price of US$3.04/lb.

Material assumptions in the estimation of mineral reserves are:
•     The classified resource model.
•     Variable cut-off grade strategy that maximises throughput for the concentrator, smelter and refinery.
•     Commodity prices, operating and capital costs.

Details of the material assumptions are described in the Technical Report Summary filed as an exhibit to this report, sections 11 Mineral Resource
Estimates and 12 Mineral Reserve Estimates.

                                                                           208
5.3 Iron ore
Mineral Resources
As at 30 June 2022
                                          Measured Resources                Indicated Resources           Measured + Indicated Resources            Inferred Resources
                         Mining Tonnage            Qualities     Tonnage              Qualities   Tonnage                Qualities       Tonnage              Qualities
Iron ore1,2              Method   Mt    %Fe %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI   Mt    %Fe %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI   Mt     %Fe %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI        Mt    %Fe %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI
Australia
    WAIO3,4,5,6,7,8
          Mt Newman        OC     250    61.0   0.11   3.5   2.3   6.2     770   59.7   0.13   4.8   2.8   6.3   1,020   60.0   0.12   4.5   2.7   6.3    2,240   59.7   0.12   4.8   2.6   6.4
          Goldsworthy9     OC     100    56.7   0.13   7.9   3.6   6.8     490   58.8   0.08   6.0   3.0   6.0     590   58.4   0.09   6.4   3.1   6.2    3,900   59.9   0.10   5.2   2.3   6.2
          Yandi            OC     360    58.3   0.11   4.7   2.4   8.9   1,300   59.4   0.14   4.5   2.3   7.6   1,660   59.2   0.13   4.5   2.3   7.8    1,930   57.9   0.13   5.5   2.6   8.3
          Jimblebar        OC     210    60.1   0.10   5.1   2.9   5.2     560   59.5   0.14   5.3   3.1   5.7     760   59.7   0.13   5.2   3.0   5.6      280   58.6   0.10   5.7   3.4   6.2
          BHP
            (Non-JV)10     OC      170   60.5   0.13   4.8   2.5   5.6     200   59.3   0.13   6.1   2.5   6.0     370   59.9   0.13   5.5   2.5   5.8    2,050   59.0   0.13   4.9   2.8   7.1
Total iron ore                   1,090   59.5   0.11   4.8   2.6   6.8   3,320   59.4   0.13   5.0   2.7   6.6   4,400   59.4   0.12   5.0   2.6   6.7   10,410   59.3   0.12   5.1   2.6   6.8
1        Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
         interest in the respective joint venture. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
2        Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
3        WAIO is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300. BHP interest is 85% for all joint ventures except BHP (Non-JV)
         where it is 100%.
4        Mineral resources qualities are presented as in situ mass percentage on a dry weight basis and tonnage as wet tonnes. Moisture content is based on
         deposit types, Brockman (BKM) – 3%; Marra Mamba (MM) – 4%; Channel Iron Deposit (CID) – 8% and Detrital Iron Deposits (DID) – 4%.
5        WAIO point reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
6        Mineral resources estimates were based on an iron ore price of US$86/dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index free on board (FOB) Port Hedland basis.
         Based on the median three-year monthly average price over a timeframe of 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021.
7        Mineral resource estimates cut-off criteria was based on deposit types identified in the joint venture. These are BKM and MM 54% Fe; CID 52%
         Fe and DID 58% Fe and less than 6% Al2O3.
8        WAIO is predominantly a producer of direct shipping ore and the metallurgical recovery was assumed as 100% for the purpose of reporting all
         mineral resources.
9        Goldsworthy joint venture includes 2 Mt measured + indicated and 3 Mt of inferred mineral resources from the POSMAC joint venture that BHP
         has a 65% economic interest.
10       BHP (Non-JV) mineral resources are those that are wholly attributable to BHP without associated mineral reserves.
                                                                                               209
Mineral Reserves
As at 30 June 2022
                                                   Proven Reserves                            Probable Reserves                          Total Reserves
                           Mining Tonnage                  Qualities        Tonnage                    Qualities        Tonnage                  Qualities
Iron ore1                  Method   Mt    %Fe      %P     %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI   Mt       %Fe     %P     %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI   Mt      %Fe    %P     %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI
Australia
    WAIO2,3,4,5,6,7
          Mt Newman           OC      240   63.7   0.10    2.9    1.8    3.3     510   61.9    0.11    3.4    2.1   5.3     750   62.5   0.11   3.3     2.0   4.6
          Goldsworthy8        OC      910   62.0   0.09    3.2    1.8    5.8   1,030   61.0    0.08    3.9    1.9   6.4   1,940   61.5   0.08   3.6     1.8   6.1
          Jimblebar           OC      480   61.8   0.12    3.4    2.5    5.1     410   61.4    0.11    4.1    2.7   4.7     900   61.6   0.12   3.7     2.6   4.9
Total iron ore                      1,630   62.2   0.10    3.2    2.0    5.2   1,960   61.3    0.09    3.8    2.1   5.7   3,590   61.7   0.10   3.6     2.1   5.5
1      Mineral reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 regulations and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s
       economic interest in the respective joint ventures. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the
       totals.
2      WAIO is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1304 of S-K 1300. BHP interest is 85% for all joint ventures.
3      Mineral reserves qualities are presented as in situ mass percentage on a dry weight basis and tonnage as wet tonnes. Moisture content is based on
       deposit types, Brockman (BKM) – 3%; Marra Mamba (MM) – 4%; Channel Iron Deposit (CID) – 8% and Detrital Iron Deposits (DID) – 4%.
4      WAIO point of reference for the mineral reserves was as delivered to the ore handling/process plant.
5      Mineral reserves estimates were based on an iron ore price of US$86/dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index and US$103/dmt for lump, both FOB Port
       Hedland basis.
6      WAIO joint ventures include Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) deposit types. All mineral reserves estimates applied a cut-off criteria of
       58% Fe.
7      WAIO is predominantly a producer of direct shipping ore and the metallurgical recovery was assumed as 99% for Mt Newman and 100% for
       Goldsworthy and Jimblebar joint ventures for the purposes of reporting mineral reserves.
8      Goldsworthy joint venture includes 11Mt of mineral reserves from the POSMAC joint venture that BHP has a 65% economic interest.
                                                                               210
5.4 WAIO individual property disclosure
5.4.1 Property description
WAIO is a production-stage property with mines located in the Pilbara iron ore province in the north-west of Western Australia (WA), Australia and is
centred on the regional town of Newman located approximately 1,000 km north of WA’s capital city Perth. The property is accessible from Perth by road
via the Great Northern Highway and by air via regular commercial flights to Newman.

Mines, processing facilities, railways and port facilities comprising WAIO are spread over a geographical area of 350 km N-S and 250 km E-W between
Port Hedland and Newman towns in the Pilbara region.

The geographic coordinates of the central points of the five mines are provided below and their locations shown below.
•    Newman: Latitude: 23°21’40” S, Longitude: 119°40’15” E
•    Jimblebar: Latitude: 23°22’40” S, Longitude: 120°07’45” E
•    Mining Area C: Latitude: 22°55’30” S, Longitude: 118°58’55” E
•    South Flank: Latitude: 22°59’35” S, Longitude: 118°59’45” E
•    Yandi: Latitude: 22°43’15” S, Longitude: 119°05’15” E




                                                                         211
5.4.2 Infrastructure
Most of the infrastructure required for WAIO to support the current mining operations including roads, airport, rail and port, power and water supply is
in place. These have been developed by BHP gradually over the last six decades in pace with staged expansion of production capacity.

WAIO’s mines (Newman, Jimblebar, Mining Area C, South Flank and Yandi) and processing hubs (Newman, Jimblebar, Mining Area C and Yandi) are
connected to its two ports (Nelson Point and Finucane Island) located at Port Hedland by a network of more than 1,000 km of rail infrastructure.

The mines have a network of BHP owned roads to service the mining operations and connect to the Great Northern Highway.

Water is sourced from ground water supplies for all WAIO mines, process plants and mine camps. These water supplies are drawn from BHP managed
bore fields around mine sites established by WAIO under license for its operations and mine camps. Port Hedland operations are supplied water under
contract from the municipal provider, sourced from nearby coastal aquifers.

WAIO has a natural gas-fired power plant (Yarnima Power Station, in Newman town), with an installed generator capacity for 190 megawatt. The plant
supplies the entire power requirement for all its mining, processing facilities and mine camps. Power consumed for WAIO’s port operations at Port
Hedland is purchased via a power purchase agreement with Alinta Energy, a large energy supplier in Australia.

BHP has set up its own accommodation villages / camps at the mines to accommodate its fly-in-fly-out (FIFO) personnel. In addition to the commercial
airport at Newman, BHP has set up private airports at mine sites and operates regular charter flights from Perth directly to transport FIFO workforce.

WAIO relies mainly on FIFO workforce sourced primarily from within Western Australia (Perth and other regional towns) and to a lesser extent from
other states in Australia.


5.4.3 Mineral tenure
BHP and its joint venture partners hold mineral rights in 54 mineral titles covering a total area of approximately 4,523 km2. Of this, approximately 2,678
km2 is contributed by eight mineral titles held pursuant to five State Agreement Acts of the state of Western Australia and the remaining area (1,845
km2) by 46 mineral titles held pursuant to the Mining Act, 1978 (Western Australia).

The five State Agreement Acts (incorporating agreements between BHP along with its joint venture partners and the state of Western Australia) are
ratified by the parliament of Western Australia and provide WAIO long-term tenure security for mineral development. These acts and details of mining
titles held pursuant to each State Agreement are provided in the list and table below.
1.    Iron Ore (Mount Newman) Agreement Act 1964 (WA) - ML244SA held by the Mount Newman Joint Venture.
2.    Iron Ore (Mount Goldsworthy) Agreement Act 1964 (WA) - ML235SA and ML249SA held by the Mount Goldsworthy (Northern Areas) Joint
      Venture and ML281SA held by the Mount Goldsworthy (Area C) Joint Venture.
3.    Iron Ore (Goldsworthy-Nimingarra) Agreement Act 1972 (WA) - M263SA & ML251SA held by the Mount Goldsworthy (Northern Areas) Joint
      Venture.
4.    Iron Ore (McCamey’s Monster) Agreement Authorisation Act 1972 (WA) - M266SA held by BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd.
5.    Iron Ore (Marillana Creek) Agreement Act 1991 (WA) - M270SA held by the Yandi Joint Venture.

                                                                           212
                                                                                                                                  Legal       Annual rent
Lease number                    Registered tenement holders1 / interest                        Start date      Expiry date2     area (ha)       and rate4
ML235SA            BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                               5/08/1965       4/08/2028             4,142     $      4,818
ML244SA            BHP (85/100), Itochu (10/100), Mitsui (5/100)                              7/04/1967       6/04/2030            78,934     $    116,342
ML251SA            BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                               22/09/1972      21/09/2035            1,300     $      7,433
ML249SA            BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                               8/05/1974       4/08/2028            30,647     $     36,618
M266SA             BHP (100/100)3                                                             11/10/1988      10/10/2030           51,756     $    123,468
M263SA             BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                               22/01/1989      21/09/2035           14,323     $    325,346
M270SA             BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                               4/09/1991       3/09/2033            30,344     $ 1,571,645
ML281SA            BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                               26/04/2002      4/08/2028            56,335     $    157,882

1     Full Legal entity names for the tenement holders are: (i) BHP: BHP Minerals Pty Ltd, (ii) Mitsui-Itochu: Mitsui-Itochu Iron Pty Ltd, (iii) Itochu:
      Itochu Minerals & Energy of Australia Pty Ltd and (iv) Mitsui: Mitsui Iron Ore Corporation Pty Ltd.
2     All State Agreement Act leases, except M270SA, have right to successive renewals of 21 years each. M270SA has right to only two renewals,
      each for 21 years ultimately expiring in 2054. The lease will then revert to Mining Act. BHP will need to engage with the State Government before
      the expiry to renegotiate the terms of the State Agreement.
3     M266SA is held by BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of BHP Minerals Pty Ltd (BHP). In 2013, BHP entered into an incorporated
      Joint Venture (Jimblebar IJV) with Itochu and Mitsui in respect of the Jimblebar mining hub, owned by BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd
      (BHPIOJ). The Jimblebar IJV is structured so that BHP, Itochu and Mitsui hold A Class Shares in BHPIOJ, which confer an 85:8:7 economic
      interest, respectively in the “Jimblebar Assets”, being certain assets of BHPIOJ including the Jimblebar mine. BHPIOJ also owns other assets,
      called “Excluded Assets”, in which BHP alone holds a 100% economic interest through B Class Shares in BHPIOJ.
4     Statutory Rents and Rates are payable annually to the State Government and the Local Government/Shire respectively.

As at 30 June 2022, all of WAIO’s mineral reserves and 86% of mineral resources (exclusive of mineral reserves) were located on the eight mineral titles
held pursuant to the five State Agreement Acts. The remaining 14% of mineral resources are located across the 46 mineral titles held pursuant to the
Mining Act. All mineral development and extraction activities are currently being undertaken only within tenements held pursuant to the State
Agreement Acts. Activities within the Mining Act tenements are currently limited to exploration work aimed at defining mineral resources.


5.4.4 Registrant interest
In addition to being the majority owner of the property, BHP holds one royalty stream which entitles BHP to earn royalty income in relation to ore
produced only from Mining Area C and South Flank. This royalty stream contributed 0.1% of free on board (FOB) revenue in FY2022.


5.4.5 Present condition of property
WAIO is a production-stage property with a large base of mineral reserves and mineral resources.

Exploration activities have been ongoing on the property since the 1960s. Drilling is the primary method for exploration and sampling. From the 1950s
to December 2021, WAIO had completed over 145,000 exploration drill holes for a total of 11,400 km, including 8,312 km reverse circulation and 773
km diamond core drilling, across its tenements for the purpose of resource identification and definition. For the past 15 years, annually 400 to 500 km of
drilling was carried out.

The exploration activities have occurred in areas adjacent to operating mines (brownfield areas) to replenish mineral resources depleted by mine
production. In addition, activities have also been completed in strategic greenfield areas to provide optionality for future development.

All mines are open cut, with ore extracted using excavator and truck. After extraction, the ore is crushed before train loading and transporting to the port
for direct shipping.

                                                                            213
5.4.6 Physical condition
Production on the WAIO property started in late 1960s from one mine. Currently there are five operating mines, Newman, Yandi, Mining Area C
Jimblebar and South Flank, started in 1969, 1992, 2003, 2013 and 2021 respectively. Equipment fleet for the mining operations are replaced and
upgraded routinely as required to ensure these are meeting the production targets.

Yandi mine has started its end-of-life production ramp down, closure and decommissioning of associated infrastructure commenced in July 2021.

The operations undertake planned maintenance programs and implement scheduled replacement of equipment and infrastructure that is required to
maintain the continued reliable operation of the mines and supporting services such as power, port facilities, water supplies and rail.

Modernisation of rail operations and automation of haul trucks are currently in progress.


5.4.7 Book value
The total book value of the WAIO property and its associated plant and equipment was US$17.5 billion on equity ownership basis, as of 30 June 2022.


5.4.8 History of previous operations
Since the 1960s, BHP has been continuously exploring, developing and extracting iron ore at gradually increasing rates of production to keep pace with
global sea-borne market demands.

In 1966, BHP’s joint venture partner Goldsworthy Mining Limited (GML) was the first company to develop an iron ore mine in the Pilbara. The mine,
Mount Goldsworthy ceased operations in 1982 with production entirely for export purposes. BHP was initially a joint venture partner in GML, but
acquired the full ownership of GML in 1990.

In 1969, BHP developed the Mount Whaleback deposit at Newman entirely for export purposes as a part of the Mount Newman Mining Joint Venture
(NJV). The majority ownership of NJV was acquired by BHP in 1986.

In 1991, BHP developed the Yandi deposit and in 1992 acquired the Jimblebar deposits. In the 1990s, subleases tied to ore purchase agreements by a
Chinese consortium over part of the Jimblebar deposits and by South Korea’s POSCO for C Deposit at Mining Area C.

Since the 1990s to present day, BHP has been expanding production from its five mining hubs, Newman, Jimblebar, Mining Area C, South Flank and
Yandi. South Flank commenced production in May 2021 to replace Yandi production. Yandi is decreasing production towards closure and
decommissioning of infrastructure.


5.4.9 Significant encumbrances
BHP is not aware of any significant encumbrances to the property, including current and future permitting requirements and associated timelines or
permit conditions.


5.4.10 Geology and mineralisation
The WAIO iron ore deposits are hosted in the late Archaean to early Proterozoic-age banded iron formations of the Hamersley Group in the Pilbara
region of Western Australia. The two main hosts for bedrock mineralisation in the Hamersley Group are the Brockman and Marra Mamba iron
formations.

Brockman Iron Formation tend to have higher phosphorous and alumina concentration (both deleterious elements) with a lower loss-on ignition than the
Marra Mamba Iron Formation. These compositional differences are one of reasons for dividing the ore by stratigraphy. The bedded iron deposits are
further subdivided in terms of their genesis and mineralogy into hypogene martite-microplaty hematite and supergene martite-geothite ores.

Widespread detrital sequences occur adjacent to the bedded iron deposits in the form of colluvial-alluvial fans. The detrital deposits economic value
depends on the size and concentration and are mostly exploited when associated with bedrock deposits.

In addition, mineralisation is found in fluviatile channel iron deposits of the late Eocene to early Miocene age. The iron content in the channel iron
deposits tends to be lower than the bedrock mineralisation, however, they tend to be lower in phosphorous and alumina.

The primary iron bearing minerals are hematite and goethite which vary in concentration within the deposits.

Mineralisation extends more or less continuously over strike lengths of 5-10km for the majority of deposits, but may extend for up to 50-60km. The
width of mineralisation at surface typically ranges from about 200m up to 1500m. Mineralisation extends to depths of between 100 and 400m and
deposits typically have some form of surface expression.

                                                                            214
5.4.11 Mineral resources and mineral reserves
Tables of mineral resources and mineral reserves for WAIO reported by joint venture are included in section 5.3 above.


5.4.12 Changes to mineral resources and mineral reserves
Mineral resources are being reported for the first time in a filing with the SEC in accordance with S-K 1300 for the fiscal year ending 30 June 2022.
There are no comparable estimates for the preceding year ending 30 June 2021.

Similarly, mineral reserves are being reported for the first time in accordance with S-K 1300 for the fiscal year ending 30 June 2022. In the preceding
year ending 30 June 2021, BHP reported mineral reserves for WAIO in accordance with the US SEC Industry Guide 7 and at a 100% ownership basis.

Total reserves as at 30 June 2022 were 3,590 Mt, compared to the previous year as at 30 June 2021 which were 3,780 Mt (on equity basis), a decrease of
5% (190 Mt). The changes were mainly due to the application of economic assumptions relating to commodity prices and costs in response to the
disclosure requirements of S-K 1300 relative to the assumptions we applied for the previous year in accordance with the SEC Industry Guide 7, as well
as, the removal of mineral reserves late in the life of asset plan requiring updating to current economic assumptions and depletion.


5.4.13 Material assumptions and criteria
Mineral resources estimated for WAIO’s active mines and undeveloped deposits consider the following assumptions:
•     Resources estimated using ordinary kriging and inverse distance weighted methods.
•     Resources are reported exclusive of mineral reserves and are presented as in situ estimates.
•     Resources are reported on a wet tonnage basis for all deposit types associated with the joint ventures.
•     Standard open cut practices are assumed for all ore extraction.
•     Resources are excluded from reporting as appropriate for heritage, environmental, hydrological, tenure, and infrastructure purposes to minimise
      any potential impacts.

Mineral reserves are estimated for WAIO’s active mining areas and considers the following assumptions:
•     The latest and approved resource models and mineral resource estimates have been used for mine planning and conversion to mineral reserves by
      application of all relevant modifying factors.
•     The resource models are converted to mining models (WAIO equivalent of a “reserve” model) by regularising the resource model blocks to
      SMU-sized blocks.
•     The average of the previous three years (FY2019 to FY2021) actual yearly operating and capital costs are used to estimate the cut-off grades and
      mineral reserves.
•     The median of the three-year trailing calendar monthly average iron ore prices from July 2018 to June 2021 are used to estimate the cut-off grades
      and mineral reserves.
•     Mineral reserves are estimated using conventional open-cut mining method involving drill and blast with load and haul activities.
•     Pit optimisations are completed to determine economic pit limits using industry standard Lerch-Grossman algorithm.
•     Mine designs including pit, waste dumps and haul roads are generated in industry standard CAD software. The designs incorporate the minimum
      mining width based on the equipment and slope design parameters from geotechnical models.
•     WAIO’s run-of-mine (ROM) ore is direct shipping ore without the need of concentration or beneficiation. The processing method involves simple
      crushing and screening of the ore to produce lump and fines products.

Details of the material assumptions are described in the Technical Report Summary filed as an exhibit to this report, sections 11 Mineral Resource
Estimates, 12 Mineral Reserve Estimates, 13 Mining Methods, 14 Processing and Recovery Methods and 18 Capital and Operating Costs.

                                                                           215
5.5 Metallurgical coal
Coal Resources1
As at 30 June 2022

                                                        Measured Resources                   Indicated Resources            Measured + Indicated Resources          Inferred Resources
                                      Mining      Tonnage         Qualities            Tonnage          Qualities          Tonnage          Qualities         Tonnage         Qualities
Metallurgical coal2,3                 method        Mt    %Ash %VM             %S        Mt     %Ash %VM            %S       Mt     %Ash %VM           %S       Mt     %Ash %VM           %S
Australia
    BMA4,5,6                          OC & UG       1,038       9.9     19.8    0.57       599    10.3       20.9   0.60     1,637    10.1      20.2   0.58       746    11.0      22.2   0.58
Total metallurgical coal                            1,038       9.9     19.8    0.57       599    10.3       20.9   0.60     1,637    10.1      20.2   0.58       746    11.0      22.2   0.58


1       Coal resources is used as an equivalent term to mineral resources.
2       Coal resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest
        in the respective joint venture. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
3       Coal resources are presented exclusive of coal reserves.
4       BMA mineral resources, in which BHP has a 50% interest, includes Goonyella Complex, Daunia, Caval Ridge, Peak Downs, Saraji, Saraji South
        and Blackwater deposits.
5       The point of reference for the coal resources tonnage estimates is in situ. Coal qualities are presented as a potential product on an air-dried basis.
6       Coal resources estimates comprise 94% metallurgical and 6% thermal coal product categories. Coal resources were assessed for reasonable
        prospects of economic extraction assuming a hard coking coal (Met) price of US$197/t and a thermal coal price of US$96/t for optimisation
        studies.


Coal Reserves1
As at 30 June 2022

                                                      Proven Probable   Total
                                                     Reserves Reserves Reserves Proven Marketable Reserves                   Probable Marketable Reserves        Total Marketable Reserves
                                         Mining      Tonnage Tonnage Tonnage Tonnage         Qualities                     Tonnage         Qualities          Tonnage         Qualities
Metallurgical coal2                      method         Mt      Mt       Mt     Mt     %Ash %VM          %S                  Mt     %Ash %VM           %S       Mt     %Ash %VM           %S
Australia
    BMA3,4,5,6                          OC & UG         1,012         283      1,295       659    10.0       21.1   0.56       169    10.4      22.3   0.62       828    10.0      21.4   0.57
Total metallurgical coal                                1,012         283      1,295       659    10.0       21.1   0.56       169    10.4      22.3   0.62       828    10.0      21.4   0.57


1       Coal reserves is used as an equivalent term to mineral reserves.
2       Coal reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest
        in the respective joint venture. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
3       BMA mineral reserves, in which BHP has a 50% interest, includes Goonyella Complex, Daunia, Caval Ridge, Peak Downs, Saraji, Saraji South
        and Blackwater deposits.
4       Total coal reserves were at a 4% moisture content when mined. Total marketable reserves were at a product specification moisture content
        (9.5-10% Goonyella Complex; 9.5% Peak Downs; 10.5% Caval Ridge; 10.1% Saraji; 10-11% Saraji South; 7.5-11.5% Blackwater; 10-10.5%
        Daunia) and at an air-dried quality basis for sale after the beneficiation of the total coal reserves.
5       The point of reference for the coal reserves was delivery to the coal handling process plants.
6       Coal reserves estimates comprise 95% hard coking coal, 2% soft coking coal, 1% pulverised coal injection (PCI) and 2% thermal coal product
        categories. Coal reserves prices used for each of the coal categories were hard coking coal US$155/t, soft coking coal US$98/t, PCI US$99/t and
        thermal coal US$75/t.

                                                                                           216
5.6 Energy coal
Coal Resources1
As at 30 June 2022

                                     Measured Resources                     Indicated Resources                Measured + Indicated Resources                 Inferred Resources
                     Mining Tonnage       Qualities               Tonnage        Qualities                Tonnage       Qualities                   Tonnage       Qualities
Energy coal2,3       Method   Mt    %Ash %VM        %S Kcal/kgCV    Mt    %Ash %VM         %S Kcal/kgCV     Mt    %Ash %VM          %S Kcal/kgCV      Mt    %Ash %VM        %S Kcal/kgCV
Australia
    NSWEC    4,5,6,7    OC      6.2  19.0     29.6 0.66     6,170     0.6  19.7      29.3 0.54      6,060     6.8  19.2      29.5 0.63        6,130     8.6  23.1      28.8 0.49     5,720
Total energy coal               6.2  19.0     29.6 0.66     6,170     0.6  19.7      29.3 0.54     6,060      6.8  19.2      29.5 0.63        6,130     8.6  23.1      28.8 0.49     5,720


1      Coal resources is used as an equivalent term to mineral resources.
2      Coal resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest.
       All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
3      Coal resources are presented exclusive of coal reserves.
4      NSWEC, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Mt Arthur Coal deposit.
5      Coal qualities are reported on an air-dried in situ basis. Tonnages are reported as in situ.
6      The point of reference for the coal resources was in situ.
7      Coal resources estimates were based on thermal coal price of US$96/t.


Coal Reserves1
As at 30 June 2022

                            Proven Probable   Total
                           Reserves Reserves Reserves      Proven Marketable Reserves            Probable Marketable Reserves            Total Marketable Reserves
                    Mining Tonnage Tonnage Tonnage Tonnage         Qualities              Tonnage         Qualities              Tonnage        Qualities
Energy coal2        Method    Mt      Mt       Mt     Mt    %Ash %VM         %S Kcal/kgCV   Mt     %Ash %VM         %S Kcal/kgCV   Mt    %Ash %VM          %S Kcal/kgCV
Australia
    NSWEC3,4,5,6       OC       95       49     144      69   15.8    30.5   0.53     5,880      36    15.8     30.4   0.53     5,880     104   15.8      30.4   0.53     5,880
Total energy coal               95       49     144      69   15.8    30.5   0.53     5,880      36    15.8     30.4   0.53     5,880     104   15.8      30.4   0.53     5,880


1      Coal reserves is used as an equivalent term to mineral reserves.
2      Coal reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic interest.
       All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
3      NSWEC, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Mt Arthur Coal deposit.
4      Coal qualities are presented as a potential product on an air-dried basis. Tonnages for the coal reserves are reported on an in situ moisture basis.
       Moisture when mined was 8.7% and for marketable reserves was 9.5%.
5      The point of reference for the coal reserves was as delivered to the coal handling process plant.
6      Coal reserves estimates were based on thermal coal price of US$85/t.

                                                                                     217
5.7      Potash
Mineral Resources
As at 30 June 2022

                                            Measured Resources         Indicated Resources   Measured + Indicated Resources         Inferred Resources
                             Mining Tonnage          Qualities Tonnage           Qualities Tonnage          Qualities       Tonnage           Qualities
Potash1,2                    Method   Mt     %K2O %Insol. %MgO   Mt     %K2O %Insol. %MgO    Mt    %K2O %Insol. %MgO          Mt     %K2O %Insol. %MgO
Canada
    Jansen3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10
         LPL                    UG        –     –        –        –          –            –          –          –             –          –         –       –     1,280     25.6        7.7    0.08
Total potash                              –     –        –        –          –            –          –          –             –          –         –       –     1,280     25.6        7.7    0.08


1        Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
         interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
2        Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
3        Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
4        The point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
5        Mineral resources estimate was based on a potash price of US$338/t. The primary basis was Nutrien’s quarterly published offshore and onshore
         realised price from 2008 to 2020.
6        Mineral resources are stated for the Lower Patient Lake (LPL) potash unit and using a seam thickness of 3.96 m from the top of 406 clay seam.
7        Mineral resources are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 92%.
8        Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a mineralogical
         conversion factor of 1.583, for example, 25.6% K2O grade is equivalent to 40.5% KCl.
9        % MgO is used as a measure of carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O) content where per cent carnallite equivalent = % MgO x 6.8918.
10       Mineral resources tonnages are reported on an in situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.


Mineral Reserves
As at 30 June 2022

                                                                                 Proven Reserves                                  Probable Reserves                       Total Reserves
                                                         Mining   Tonnage                Qualities                  Tonnage                Qualities           Tonnage           Qualities
Potash1,2                                                Method     Mt           %K2O %Insol.            %MgO         Mt          %K2O %Insol.         %MgO      Mt      %K2O %Insol.        %MgO
Canada
    Jansen3,4,5,6,7,8,9
         LPL                                                 UG          –            –         –           –         1,070          24.9        7.5    0.10     1,070     24.9        7.5    0.10
Total potash                                                             –            –         –           –         1,070          24.9        7.5    0.10     1,070     24.9        7.5    0.10


1        Mineral reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
         interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
2        Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
3        The point of reference for the mineral reserves was ore as delivered to the mill for processing.
4        Mineral reserves estimates were based on a potash price of US$338/t. The primary basis was Nutrien’s quarterly published offshore and onshore
         realised price from 2008 to 2020.
5        Mineral reserves estimates cut-off is a function of mining parameters and seam thickness. The calculated cut-off grade from economic modelling
         where the mine plan would be break-even is 11.6% K2O.
6        Mineral reserves are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 92%.
7        Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a mineralogical
         conversion factor of 1.583, for example, 25.6% K2O grade is equivalent to 40.5% KCl.
8        % MgO is used as a measure of carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O) content where per cent carnallite equivalent = % MgO x 6.8918.
9        Mineral reserves tonnages are reported on an in-situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.

                                                                                       218
5.8   Jansen individual property disclosure
5.8.1 Property description
The Jansen potash project is located in the rural municipalities of Leroy and Prairie Rose in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 150
kilometres east of the city of Saskatoon.

The geographic coordinate location for the service shaft is Latitude 51°53’56.62“N and Longitude 104°42’53.44“W.




                                                                         219
5.8.2 Infrastructure
The site is accessed by road from provincial Highway 16 approximately 12 kilometres to the south and Highway 5 approximately 32 kilometres to the
north. Access to the mine site from these highways uses upgraded secondary and/or primary roads from the village of Jansen to the south and the town
of LeRoy to the north. The nearest commercial airport is in the city of Saskatoon.

Communications, power, water, and natural gas are provided by provincial crown corporations. The pipeline connection to the Saskatoon South East
Water Supply system for Jansen’s primary water use is complete. The natural gas supply pipeline has been installed. Currently temporary construction
power is provided by SaskPower with a 138 kV overhead line, the permanent 230kV supply is to be completed when mine construction is complete.

The Jansen site has two mine shafts, the service shaft and the production shaft. The service shaft permanent headframe, hoist houses, and collar house
are constructed. The production shaft sinking headframe and ground mounted drum winders are installed and in use.

A third party rail provider is planned to transport the potash produced from the Jansen site to the port terminal, located in Delta, British Columbia,
Canada, which is owned and operated by a third party provider. The port facility will unload the railcars, store the product, and load shipping vessels.

The processing facilities to be constructed at Jansen include:
•     Raw ore handling, storage and crushing;
•     Process mill building wet area comprising attrition scrubbing, de-sliming, flotation and de-brining;
•     Process mill building dry area comprising drying, screening, compaction and glazing;
•     Tailings processing, crystallizer and reagents;
•     Product handling, storage and loadout.

Employees of Jansen mine are anticipated to reside in several existing communities located in the area.


5.8.3 Mineral tenure
The total area of the Jansen project lease is approximately 115,638 ha. Most mineral rights parcels are owned by the Saskatchewan Crown, the
remaining mineral parcels are owned by individuals or corporations. To gain access to the potash within mineral parcels owned by individuals or
corporations (‘freehold mineral lease’), BHP must either purchase the mineral parcels or negotiate mineral lease agreement(s) with the registered
owner(s) of the mineral parcel(s). The freehold mineral leases secured by BHP have a term of 21 years and are renewable at the option of BHP for
successive terms of 21 years. An annual rental payment of CA$4.94/hectare is also paid to keep these leases in good standing.

All surface lands that form part of the Jansen mine operations footprint have been acquired by BHP Canada.

On 23 November 2012, the Government of Saskatchewan and BHP Canada entered into Potash Lease Special Agreement KLSA 011. This agreement
gives BHP the exclusive right to search for, dig, work, mine, extract, recover, process, and carry away subsurface minerals under or within all of the
Saskatchewan Crown mineral parcels of KLSA 011. The lease pertains to two categories of lands, ‘KLSA 011 Core Lands’ comprising primarily the
mineral reserves and ‘KLSA 011 Expansion Lands’, area outside mineral reserves that includes the primarily inferred resources.

During the first three years of KLSA 011, BHP was required to complete CA$12M of work on the lease area. This work commitment has been met.

                                                                                                        Area                                Annual lease
Lease description                                                                                       (ha)        %       Expiry date      payment1
Jansen project total lease area                                                                          115,638    100
KLSA 011 Core lands                                                                                    63,939.43     55      22/11/2033      1,056,623.66
KLSA 011 Expansion lands                                                                               41,724.73     36      22/11/2033
BHP acquired freehold mineral rights                                                                    8,997.56      8    Not applicable
Total of Core, Expansion, and acquired freehold mineral rights                                        114,661.72     99

1     Annual lease payment in CA$

                                                                           220
5.8.4 Registrant interest
BHP does not hold any royalty in Jansen in addition to its economic interest of 100%.


5.8.5 Present condition of property
Jansen is currently in construction phase. A substantial portion of the site grading, drainage and road network is in place. The site is connected to natural
gas supply, construction electrical power, communication fibre and non-potable water. A 2,600 person construction camp has been constructed and in
use. The service shaft and the production shaft have been excavated and hydrostatically lined. The service shaft permanent headframe, hoist houses, and
collar house are constructed. The production shaft sinking headframe and ground mounted drum winders are installed and in use.


5.8.6 Physical condition
Jansen is a development stage property that is in the process of construction with board approval to proceed with Stage 1 announced in August 2021.
Some permanent infrastructure is in place including site facilities, service and production shafts, along with temporary construction infrastructure. BHP
has a construction program to complete all the necessary requirements such as installation of processing, underground development, mining equipment,
rail and port facilities to enable the mine to commence operations.


5.8.7 Book value
The total book value for the Jansen property and its associated plant and equipment was US$3.7 billion as of 30 June 2022.


5.8.8 History of previous operations
There is no history of previous operations on the Jansen project area.


5.8.9 Significant encumbrances
There have been no material encumbrances to the property identified as of the date of this report. Federal, provincial, municipal permits and approval for
construction and operation have been received. All material permits that have been applied for to-date have been received.


5.8.10 Geology and mineralisation
The Jansen potash deposit is located within the Williston Basin, a large, intracratonic, and horizontally bedded sedimentary basin that has not been
subject to structural deformation, either faulting or folding.

The potash beds are hosted within the Prairie Evaporite Formation, in regionally extensive, horizontal layers created by the repeated, cyclical
evaporation of a shallow, inland sea during the Devonian period. The potash deposit extends from east to west in the province and are relatively uniform,
except where there are anomalies due to local alterations or disruption of the potash beds.

In the Jansen area, the potash is at a depth of 800 to 1,050 metres. Two potash members are present the Patience Lake and Belle Plaine Members. The
Patience Lake Member is further subdivided into Upper Patience Lake and Lower Patience Lake sub-members. The Lower Patience Lake sub-member
is the potash horizon targeted for Jansen. The Lower Patience Lake sub-member is composed of sylvite (KCl), halite (NaCl) with variable amounts of
disseminated insolubles and clay seams. Carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O), a mineral which can impact processing and ground stability, occasionally occurs
in place of sylvite within the potash layer. Large carnallite zones can typically be mapped using 3D seismic survey information.

The Dawson Bay Formation includes the Second Red Beds Member and the Dawson Bay Carbonate members which overlay the Prairie Evaporite
Formation. The Dawson Bay Formation in the Jansen area is expected to have low permeability or relatively low inflow deliverability potential.

Approximately 400 metres below the Prairie Evaporite Formation are the Cambrian-Ordovician Winnipeg and Deadwood formations. Sediments of
these formations were deposited in near shore, shallow water marine environments on top of the Precambrian rocks. The coarse to fine sands of the
formations, host a vast deep saline aquifer that is used for brine disposal.

                                                                            221
5.8.11 Mineral resources and mineral reserves
Tables of mineral resources and mineral reserves for Jansen reported by ore type are included in section 5.7 above.


5.8.12 Changes to mineral resources and mineral reserves
Mineral resources and mineral reserves are being reported for the first time in a filing with the SEC in accordance with S-K 1300 for the fiscal year
ending 30 June 2022. There are no comparable estimates for the preceding year ending 30 June 2021.


5.8.13 Material assumptions and criteria
The key assumptions in the estimation of mineral resources are summarised as:
•     Cut-off parameter of 3.96 m from the top of the 406 clay seam contact with the top of Lower Patience Lake sub-member, aligned with the mining
      equipment requirements.
•     Geological anomalies identification including collapses representing potential water ingress hazards, carnallite anomalies impacting extraction and
      processing and no potash zones creating additional dilution.
•     Exclusion zones sterilising sections of the reserves due to lease boundaries and around drill holes.
•     Brine and solid salt waste estimate for disposal modelling into the aquifer and tailings management area.

The key assumptions in the estimation of mineral reserves are summarised as:
•     The mining method will be continuous mining using long room and pillar method.
•     Extraction ratios to reduce stress and provide room stability.
•     Thickness of the roof salt beam (horizon) as potential planes of weakness, impacting amount of ground support or dilution estimates.
•     Mine design layout maximising the Mineral Resource extraction based on estimated thicknesses, avoiding anomalies (collapse, massive carnallite
      and no potash zones) and salt beam modelling.
•     Commodity price and operating costs.

Details of the material assumptions are described in the Technical Report Summary filed as an exhibit to this report, sections 11 Mineral Resource
Estimates, 12 Mineral Reserve Estimates and 13 Mining Methods.

                                                                            222
5.9   Nickel
Mineral Resources
As at 30 June 2022

                                                                                                    Measured + Indicated
                                               Measured Resources         Indicated Resources            Resources               Inferred Resources
                                  Mining       Tonnage   Qualities        Tonnage    Qualities      Tonnage     Qualities       Tonnage Qualities
Nickel1,2                         Method         Mt        %Ni              Mt         %Ni            Mt         %Ni               Mt        %Ni
Australia
    Nickel West3,4,5             OC & UG              54          0.59           166         0.73         220           0.69           20            0.75
Total nickel                                          54          0.59           166         0.73         220           0.69           20            0.75

1     Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
      interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
2     Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
3     Nickel West mineral resources, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Leinster, Mt Keith, Yakabindie, Venus and Honeymoon Well deposits.
4     The point of reference for the mineral resources was delivery to Leinster gatehouse.
5     Mineral resources estimates were based on a nickel price of US$7.24/lb.


Mineral Reserves
As at 30 June 2022

                                                                           Proven Reserves           Probable Reserves            Total Reserves
                                                           Mining        Tonnage    Qualities       Tonnage    Qualities       Tonnage     Qualities
Nickel1                                                    Method          Mt         %Ni             Mt         %Ni             Mt          %Ni
Australia
    Nickel West2,3,4                                       OC & UG               110         0.58         47          0.72           157             0.62
Total nickel                                                                     110         0.58         47          0.72           157             0.62

1     Mineral reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP’s economic
      interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
2     Nickel West mineral reserves, in which BHP has a 100% interest, includes Leinster, Mt Keith and Yakabindie deposits.
3     The point of reference for the mineral reserves was delivery to Leinster gatehouse.
4     Mineral reserves estimates were based on nickel price of US$6.13/lb.

                                                                           223
6   Major projects
The Jansen Stage 1 project was tracking to plan at the end of FY2022. We are working to bring forward Jansen Stage 1 first production to 2026 and
assessing options to accelerate Jansen Stage 2. Approximately US$740 million in capital expenditure is planned for work at Jansen Stage 1 in FY2023,
which is expected to continue to focus on civil and mechanical construction on the surface and underground, as well as equipment procurement and port
construction.

                                                                                      Capital         Date of
                     Project and                                                    expenditure1      initial
Commodity            ownership                  Project scope/capacity1                US$M         production              Progress/comments
                                                                                      Budget          Target
Projects completed during FY2022
Potash        Jansen Potash Project      Investment to finish the excavation               2,972        CY2027      Completed in June 2022
              (Canada)                   and lining of the production and
              100%                       service shafts, and to continue the
                                         installation of essential surface
                                         infrastructure and utilities
Projects in execution at 30 June 2022
Potash         Jansen Stage 1            Design, engineering and construction              5,723        CY2027      Approved in August 2021. The
               (Canada)                  of an underground potash mine and                                          project is 8% complete
               100%                      surface infrastructure, with capacity to
                                         produce 4.35 Mtpa

1    Unless noted otherwise, references to capacity are on a 100 per cent basis, references to capital expenditure from subsidiaries are reported on a
     100 per cent basis and references to capital expenditure from joint operations reflects BHP’s share.

Capital and exploration expenditure (continuing operations) of US$6.1 billion in the 2022 financial year was lower than guidance of US$6.5 billion
primarily due to favourable exchange rate movements. This included maintenance expenditure of US$2.8 billion and exploration of US$256 million.

Capital and exploration expenditure of approximately US$7.6 billion and US$9.0 billion are expected for the 2023 and 2024 financial years, including a
US$0.4 billion exploration program planned in the 2023 financial year. In the medium term, capital and exploration expenditure of approximately
US$10 billion per annum on average is expected. Guidance is subject to exchange rate movements.

                                                                          224
7   People – performance data – 2022
Table 1 – Workforce data and diversity by region FY2022

                                                                                                            Employees by gender number and %
                                                          Number and            Average number and
Region                                                   % of employees          % of contractors2        Male       Male %      Female      Female %
Asia                                                      1,544      3.9            2,188        5.4         619        40.1         925          59.9
Australia                                                29,368     74.9           20,052       49.8      20,341        69.3       9,027          30.7
Europe                                                       61      0.2               10       <1.0          29        47.5          32          52.5
North America                                               467      1.2              928         2.3        259        55.5         208          44.5
South America                                             7,770     19.8           17,083       42.4       5,288        68.1       2,482          31.9
Total                                                    39,210     100            40,261        100      26,536        67.7      12,674          32.3


Table 2 – Employees by category and diversity for FY2022

                                                                               Gender                                  Region
                                                                                                                                   North       South
Employment category                            Total     % of Total      Male      Female      Asia     Australia     Europe      America     America
Full time                                      36,965          94.3      25,622     11,343     1,513      27,489          56          459        7,448
Part time                                       1,233           3.1         581        652         3       1,224           4             2
Fixed term full time                              943           2.4         311        632        28         587           1             5        322
Fixed term part time                               28           0.1           6         22                    27                         1
Casual                                             41           0.1          16         25                    41
Total                                          39,210          100       26,536     12,674     1,544      29,368           61         467        7,770


Table 3 – Employees by category and diversity for FY2022

                                                                      Gender                 Gender %                          Age group %
Category                                                Total     Male    Female        Male % Female %            Under 30     30-39 40-49       50+
Senior leaders                                             259       168       91          64.9       35.1              0.0      12.4    53.6     34.0
Managers                                                 1,228       781      447          63.6       36.4              0.2      28.3    48.5     23.0
Supervising and professional                            16,208    10,131    6,077          62.5       37.5             10.1      40.4    31.2     18.3
Operators and general support                           21,515    15,456    6,059          71.8       28.2               18      29.7    26.3     26.0
Total                                                   39,210    26,536   12,674          67.7       32.3             14.0      34.0    29.2     22.8

1    Based on a ‘point in time’ snapshot of employees as at 30 June including employees on extended absence, which was 948 in FY2022. There is no
     significant seasonal variation in employment numbers.
2    Contractor data is collected from internal surveys and the organisation systems and averages for a 10-month period.
3    Employees who left BHP via the merger of our Petroleum business with WoodsideEnergy Group Ltd (Woodside), which completed on 1 June
     2022 (approximately 1,000 employees), or the sale of our 80 per cent interest in BHP Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd (BMC) to Stanmore Resources, which
     completed on 3 May 2022 (approximately 500 employees) are excluded.

                                                                         225
8   Legal proceedings
The Group is involved from time to time in legal proceedings and governmental investigations of a character normally incidental to our business,
including claims and pending actions against it seeking damages, or clarification or prosecution of legal rights and regulatory inquiries regarding
business practices. Insurance or other indemnification protection may offset the financial impact on the Group of a successful claim.

This section summarises the significant legal proceedings and investigations and associated matters in which the Group is currently involved or has
finalised since our last Annual Report. The timing of many of the legal proceedings and investigations continue to be delayed or uncertain as a result of
court closures or delays in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.


Legal proceedings relating to the failure of the Fundão tailings dam at the Samarco iron ore operations in Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo
(Samarco dam failure)
The Group is engaged in numerous legal proceedings relating to the Samarco dam failure. While there has been progress in priority areas, such as
individual compensation and indemnification for the damage caused by the dam failure, it is not possible at this time to provide a range of possible
outcomes for all proceedings or a reliable estimate of potential future exposures. There are numerous additional lawsuits against Samarco relating to the
dam failure to which the Group is not party. Currently, there are approximately 54 ongoing public civil claims and 36 that are suspended. The most
significant of these proceedings are summarised below.


R$20 billion public civil claim commenced by the Federal Government of Brazil, states of Espírito Santo and Minas Gerais and other
authorities (R$20 billion Public Civil claim)
On 30 November 2015, the Federal Government of Brazil, states of Espírito Santo and Minas Gerais and other public authorities collectively filed a
public civil claim before the 12th Federal Court of Belo Horizonte against Samarco and its shareholders, BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda. (BHP Brasil) and
Vale S.A. (Vale), seeking the establishment of a fund of up to R$20 billion (approximately US$4 billion) in aggregate for clean-up costs and damages.

On 2 March 2016, Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale, entered into a Framework Agreement with the states of Espírito Santo and Minas Gerais and other
public authorities to establish a foundation (Fundação Renova) to develop and execute environmental and socioeconomic programs (Programs) to
remediate and provide compensation for damage caused by the Samarco dam failure.

The term of the Framework Agreement is 15 years, renewable for periods of one year successively until all obligations under the Framework Agreement
have been performed. Under the Framework Agreement, Samarco is responsible, as a primary obligor, for funding Fundação Renova’s annual calendar
year budget for the duration of the Framework Agreement. The amount of funding for each calendar year will be dependent on the remediation and
compensation projects to be undertaken in a particular year. To the extent that Samarco does not meet its funding obligations under the Framework
Agreement, each of BHP Brasil and Vale has funding obligations under the Framework Agreement, as secondary obligors, in proportion to its 50 per
cent shareholding in Samarco.


R$155 billion public civil claim commenced by the Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office (R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim)
On 3 May 2016, the Brazilian Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office filed a public civil claim before the 12th Federal Court of Belo Horizonte against
Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale – as well as 18 other public entities (which has since been reduced to five defendants1 by the 12th Federal Court) –
seeking R$155 billion (approximately US$30 billion) for reparation, compensation and collective moral damages in relation to the Samarco dam failure.

This public civil claim and the R$20 billion Public Civil claim are broad claims that encompass the majority of the public civil claims filed against
Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale. For this reason, the 12th Federal Court has suspended other public civil claims while negotiations continue in relation to
the settlement of the R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim.

This public civil claim was suspended for a period of two years from the date of ratification of the Governance Agreement (described below) on
8 August 2018.

On 19 March 2021, the parties to the case agreed to extend the suspension of this case until 27 April 2021. Although the stay period has formally
elapsed, neither party has made any filings to date, and the parties are engaged in negotiations to seek a definitive settlement (summarised below).



1     Currently, solely BHP Brasil, Vale and Samarco, the Federal Government and the state of Minas Gerais are defendants.

                                                                           226
Governance Agreement
On 25 June 2018, Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale, the other parties to the Framework Agreement, the Public Prosecutors’ Office2 and the Public Defense
Office3 entered into a Governance Agreement, which settled the R$20 billion Public Civil claim and established a process to renegotiate the Programs
over two years to progress settlement of the R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim.

Under the Governance Agreement, renegotiation of the Programs will be based on certain agreed principles, including full reparation consistent with
Brazilian law, the requirement for a technical basis for any proposed changes, consideration of findings from experts appointed by Samarco, BHP Brasil
and Vale, consideration of findings from experts appointed by prosecutors and consideration of feedback from impacted communities.

Since early CY2021, the parties have been engaging in negotiations to seek a definitive and substantive settlement of claims relating to the dam failure.
The negotiations are overseen by the President of the National Council of Justice, as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court in Brazil, and are expected
to continue until at least the expected end of the term of the current President on 31 August 2022. Outcomes of the negotiations are highly uncertain, and
it is therefore not possible to provide a reliable estimate of potential outcomes and there is a risk that a negotiated outcome may be materially higher
than amounts currently reflected in the Samarco dam failure provision. Until revisions to the Programs are agreed, Fundação Renova will continue to
implement the Programs in accordance with the terms of the Framework Agreement and the Governance Agreement.


Enforcement Proceedings
Since 7 January 2020, the 12th Federal Court of Belo Horizonte has issued several decisions creating 13 enforcement proceedings (Enforcement
Proceedings) linked to the R$20 billion Public Civil claim and R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim described above.

Issues covered by these Enforcement Proceedings include environmental recovery, human health risk and ecological risk, resettlement of affected
communities, infrastructure and development, registration of certain impacted individuals under the Programs and indemnities for people impacted by
the dam failure, resumption of economic activities, water supply for human consumption and hiring of technical advisers to impacted people, and
restructuring Fundação Renova’s management system, among other key delivery areas.

In the context of these Enforcement Proceedings, Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale are seeking determinations, including, among other things, the
repealing of fishing bans ordered by the courts or administration entities, set-off of compensation paid against future damages that may need to be paid,
and regarding the hiring and supervision of technical assistants to impacted people.

In August 2020, a Simplified Indemnification System (the Novel System) was created by the 12th Federal Court of Belo Horizonte with specific rules
designed for those who could not easily demonstrate their status as an impacted person based on ‘rough justice’ principles. Led by Fundação Renova, the
Novel System has, as at the date of this Report, settled with more than 68,000 claimants who were able to prove their damages, with approximately
66,500 claims already having been paid.

On 26 June 2022, the President of the Federal Court of Appeals issued a preliminary ruling applying to impacted persons from Naque (a city in Minas
Gerais) regarding the Novel System, determining that its terms do not provide a full release from damages. The amounts paid under the Novel System
should therefore be considered as a ‘minimum indemnification’ granting a partial release from damages. For the same reasons, it was also determined
that impacted persons should have the option to seek legal representation when settling claims under the Novel System, and that the Novel System
settlement agreement does not prevent impacted persons from pursuing lawsuits in foreign jurisdictions. On 1 July 2022, the Federal Prosecutors filed a
motion requesting the extension of the decision to all affected areas, as well as any settlements which have already been paid. On 6 July 2022, BHP
Brasil filed its appeal and, as at the date of this Report, no decision has been made.

On 30 June 2022, the 12th Federal Court of Belo Horizonte extended the deadline for claim applications under the Novel System from 30 June 2022 to
31 August 2022.

2     The Public Prosecutors’ Office includes the Federal, State of Minas Gerais and State of Espírito Santo public prosecutors’ offices.
3     The Public Defense Office includes the Federal, State of Minas Gerais and State of Espírito Santo public defense offices.

                                                                           227
Samarco’s judicial reorganisation
On 9 April 2021, Samarco filed for judicial reorganisation (JR) with the Second Business State Court for the Belo Horizonte District of Minas Gerais
(JR Court). The JR proceeding seeks to enable Samarco to negotiate and implement an orderly restructuring of its financial indebtedness in order to
establish a sustainable financial position for Samarco, among other things, to continue to rebuild its operations and meet its Fundação Renova
obligations. Samarco filed for JR following multiple enforcement actions filed by some of Samarco’s creditors that threatened its operations. The JR
Court granted Samarco’s JR motion on 12 April 2021 and granted a stay of the enforcement actions.

On 10 June 2021, Samarco submitted its first proposed Plan of Reorganisation (Plan) to the JR Court. Certain of Samarco’s creditors have submitted
formal objections to the Plan.

On 18 August 2021, the State Prosecutor’s Office filed an application to hold BHP Brasil and Vale responsible for Samarco’s debt. On 18 October 2021,
certain creditors of Samarco filed a similar application with the same purpose. Neither application has been decided yet.

Pursuant to the list of creditors produced by Judicial Administrators appointed by the JR Court, Samarco’s obligation to fund Renova is not subject to
the JR. Certain creditors of Samarco have challenged the Judicial Administrators’ list of creditors. Among other things, such creditors are seeking to
disallow shareholders’ claims against Samarco and impair Samarco’s obligation to fund Renova. No final decision has been rendered on these issues yet.

Certain creditors of Samarco have also requested that the JR Court appoint an examiner and a judicial manager for Samarco. The JR Court has not ruled
on that request yet.

On 18 April 2022, certain creditors of Samarco voted to reject the Plan in a General Meeting of Creditors (GMC). Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale have
challenged the votes of such creditors and the JR Court has not ruled on such challenge yet.

On 18 May 2022, certain creditors of Samarco submitted an alternative plan of reorganisation (Lenders Plan), which, among other things, caps
Samarco’s Renova funding obligations and contemplates a change in Samarco’s control. On the same date, the local labour unions also filed an
alternative plan with the support of Samarco’s shareholders. Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale filed objections to the Lenders Plan, which are pending. No
plan of reorganisation has been approved or confirmed.

No BHP entity is a debtor in Samarco’s JR case. BHP Brasil is participating in Samarco’s JR proceeding in its capacities as a shareholder and creditor of
Samarco.


United States Chapter 15 case
On 19 April 2021, Samarco filed a petition with the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York seeking recognition of the JR
proceeding under Chapter 15 of the US Bankruptcy Code. On 13 May 2021, the US Bankruptcy Court granted recognition of the JR proceeding as a
‘foreign main proceeding’ and accordingly stayed enforcement actions against Samarco in US territory. No BHP entity is a debtor in Samarco’s Chapter
15 case. BHP Brasil is participating in Samarco’s Chapter 15 proceeding in its capacities as a shareholder and creditor of Samarco.


Civil public actions commenced by the State Prosecutors’ Office in the state of Minas Gerais (Mariana CPA cases)
The State Prosecutors of Mariana have commenced several civil public actions (CPA) against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale.

On 10 December 2015, the State Prosecutors’ Office in the state of Minas Gerais filed a CPA against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale before the State
Court in Mariana claiming indemnification (amount not specified) for moral and material damages to an unspecified group of individuals affected by the
Samarco dam failure, including the payment of costs for housing and social and economic assistance (CPA Mariana I).

On 2 October 2018, the parties reached a settlement dismissing the claim, which was ratified by the Court. Under this settlement, Fundação Renova has
reached more than 100 individual agreements with impacted families in Mariana for the payment of damages.

In connection with CPA Mariana I, the State Prosecutors (Minas Gerais) started enforcement proceedings against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale. There
are seven enforcement proceedings under way seeking (i) to set a deadline for completion of resettlement of the residents of Mariana’s districts and for
fines to be imposed for delays to resettlement; (ii) to set the final term that will allow new households to join the resettlement; (iii) payment of
compensation to affected individuals for delivery of houses below standard; (iv) to guarantee access to water sources for the families of the collective
resettlements; (v) payment of fines for alleged delays in presenting proposals and making payments to affected individuals; and (vi) payment of
compensation to impacted individuals who allege that they have not yet received compensation and a penalty for the alleged delays in making such
payments.

In addition to CPA Mariana I, the State Prosecutors (Minas Gerais) commenced nine other CPAs in Mariana against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and, in
some cases, Fundação Renova. The claims presented in those CPAs are related to damages that, according to the State Prosecutors, are not covered by
CPA Mariana I.

The remaining CPAs have either been settled by the parties, including BHP Brasil, or the claims to which the CPAs relate have been dismissed (though
the decisions are not yet final). Fundação Renova is responsible for any pending obligations set forth in the settlement agreements relating to the CPAs.

                                                                           228
Fundação Renova dissolution lawsuit
On 24 February 2021, the Minas Gerais State Prosecutor filed a CPA against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and Fundação Renova seeking the dissolution
of Fundação Renova. The plaintiffs are seeking R$10 billion (approximately US$2 billion) for moral damages and an injunction for the immediate
intervention of Fundação Renova was also made, alleging the need to preserve information and documents produced by Fundação Renova to evaluate
criminal and civil responsibilities. On 25 May 2021, the Superior Court of Justice granted urgent relief to suspend the lawsuit. As at the date of this
Report, the Court’s decision regarding the merits remains pending.


Civil public action commenced by the State Prosecutors’ Office in the state of Espírito Santo and Minas Gerais (CPA Advertising)
On 11 May 2021, Federal and State Prosecutors (Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo) filed a CPA against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and Fundação
Renova, challenging Fundação Renova’s advertising expenditures. The plaintiffs requested injunctive relief for Fundação Renova to cease
advertisements and stop incurring new expenses on advertising. The plaintiffs requested approximately R$56 million (approximately US$11 million) to
be paid as compensation to the communities and approximately R$28 million (approximately US$5 million) to be spent on execution of Fundação
Renova’s socio-economic and socio-environmental programs. A ruling is still pending.


Civil public action commenced by Associations concerning the use of tanfloc for water treatment (R$120 billion Associations claim)
On 28 October 2021, Vila Lenira Residents Association, State of Espírito Santo Rural Producers and Artisans Association, Colatina Velha Neighborhood
Residents Association, and United for the Progress of Palmeiras Neighborhood Association filed a lawsuit against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale and
others, including the State of Minas Gerais, the State of Espirito Santo and the Federal Government. The plaintiffs allege that the defendants carried out
a clandestine study on the citizens of the locations affected by the Fundão’s Dam Failure, using tanfloc – a tannin-based flocculant/coagulant – that is
currently used for wastewater treatment applications. The plaintiffs claim that this product allegedly put the population at risk due to its alleged
experimental qualities.

The plaintiffs are seeking multiple kinds of relief – material damage, moral damages, loss of profits – and that the defendants should pay for water
supply in all locations where there is no water source other than the Doce River.

On 25 July 2022, Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale presented their defences individually, as well as the State of Minas Gerais, the State of Espírito Santo
and the Federal Government. The Court’s decision is still pending.


Public civil claims currently suspended
Approximately 20 of the proceedings to which BHP Brasil is a party are currently suspended due to their connection with R$20 billion Public Civil
claim and R$155 billion Federal Public Prosecutors’ Office claim. There has not yet been a ruling in these cases.

The suspended proceedings include proceedings commenced by the State Prosecutors (Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo), Public Defenders (Minas
Gerais and Espírito Santo), and the states of Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and Fundação Renova. The claims
relate to environmental remediation measures, compensation for the impacts of the dam failure, including moral damages, reconstruction of properties
and populations, including historical, religious, cultural, social, environmental and intangible heritages affected by the dam failure, and suspension of
public water supply, among others.

                                                                           229
Other civil proceedings in Brazil
As noted above, BHP Brasil has been named as a defendant in numerous lawsuits relating to the Samarco dam failure. In addition, government inquiries
and investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure have been commenced by numerous agencies of the Brazilian Government and are ongoing,
including criminal investigations by the federal and state police, and by federal prosecutors.

BHP Brasil’s potential liabilities, if any, resulting from other pending and future claims, lawsuits and enforcement actions relating to the Samarco dam
failure, together with the potential cost of implementing remedies sought in the various proceedings, cannot be reliably estimated at this time and
therefore a provision has not been recognised and nor has any contingent liability been quantified for these matters. Ultimately, these could have a
material adverse impact on BHP’s business, competitive position, cash flows, prospects, liquidity and shareholder returns. For more information on the
Samarco dam failure refer to OFR 8.

As at June 2022, Samarco had been named as a defendant in more than 57,000 small claims for moral damages in which people argue their public water
service was interrupted for between five and 10 days. BHP Brasil is a co-defendant in more than 24,000 of these cases.

The Brazilian Code of Civil Procedure provides that repetitive claims can be settled through a system known as the Resolution of Repetitive Demands
Procedure (IRDR). Under the IRDR, a court will hear a ‘pilot case’ representative of such recurring legal matters and the judgment in that decision will
set a precedent for the resolution of similar cases in that jurisdiction. An IRDR has been established in Minas Gerais and the court in the pilot case has
ruled that the mandatory parameter for resolution of claims will be the payment of R$2,000 (approximately US$400) per individual claim for moral
damages due to the suspension of public water supply. Appeals before higher courts are pending judgment. Meanwhile, Samarco has reached settlement
in more than 9,900 individual cases.


Criminal charges
On 20 October 2016, the Federal Prosecutors’ Office in Brazil filed criminal charges against Samarco, BHP Brasil, Vale and certain of their employees
and former employees in the Federal Court of Ponte Nova, Minas Gerais. On 3 March 2017, BHP Brasil and the charged employees and former
employees of BHP Brasil (Affected Individuals) filed their preliminary defences. The Federal Court granted Habeas Corpus petitions in favour of all
eight Affected Individuals terminating the charges against those individuals. The Federal Prosecutors’ Office appealed seven of the decisions with
hearings of the appeals still pending. BHP Brasil rejects outright the charges against BHP Brasil and the Affected Individuals and will defend the charges
and fully support each of the Affected Individuals in their defences of the charges.


Australian class action claim
BHP Group Limited is named as a defendant in a shareholder class action in the Federal Court of Australia on behalf of persons who acquired shares in
BHP Group Limited on the Australian Securities Exchange or shares in BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) on the London Stock
Exchange and Johannesburg Stock Exchange in periods prior to the Samarco dam failure. The amount of damages sought in the class action is
unspecified.

On 12 May 2020, BHP Group Limited filed an application seeking declaratory relief which, if successful, would narrow the group of claimants in the
class action. BHP Group Limited was unsuccessful at first instance and on appeal to the Full Court of the Federal Court of Australia. The High Court of
Australia heard an appeal from the Full Court’s decision on 9 August 2022 and a decision is pending.


United Kingdom group action claim
BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly BHP Group Plc) and BHP Group Limited are named as defendants in group action claims for damages that have been
filed in the courts of England. These claims have been filed on behalf of certain individuals, governments, businesses and communities in Brazil
allegedly impacted by the Samarco dam failure.

On 7 August 2019, the BHP parties filed a preliminary application to strike out or stay this action on jurisdictional and other procedural grounds. That
application was successful before the High Court and the action was dismissed. However, on 8 July 2022, the Court of Appeal reversed the dismissal
decision and allowed the action to proceed in England. The BHP parties will now seek leave to appeal the Court of Appeal judgment to the Supreme
Court.

                                                                           230
9     Shareholder information
9.1    History and development
BHP Group Limited (formerly BHP Billiton Limited, then BHP Limited and, before that, The Broken Hill Proprietary Company Limited) was
incorporated in 1885 and is registered in Australia with ABN 49 004 028 077. BHP Group Plc (formerly BHP Billiton Plc, and before that Billiton Plc)
was incorporated in 1996 and is registered in England and Wales with registration number 3196209. Successive predecessor entities to BHP Group Plc
have operated since 1860.

We operated under a Dual Listed Company (DLC) structure from 29 June 2001 until 31 January 2022. Under the DLC structure, the two parent
companies, BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc, operated as a single economic entity, run by a unified Board and senior executive management
team.

On 31 January 2022, we unified our corporate structure under BHP Group Limited, which is now the sole parent company.


9.2    Markets
As at the date of this Annual Report, BHP Group Limited has a primary listing on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) (ticker BHP) in Australia, a
standard listing on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) (ticker BHP), a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (ticker BHG) and is listed
on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in the United States.

Trading on the NYSE is in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) evidencing American Depositary Shares (ADSs), with each ADS
representing two ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited. Citibank N.A. (Citibank) is the Depositary for the ADS program. BHP Group Limited’s ADSs
have been listed for trading on the NYSE (ticker BHP) since 28 May 1987.


9.3    Organisational structure
From June 2001 to January 2022, BHP operated under a Dual Listed Company structure, with two separate parent companies (BHP Group Limited and
BHP Group Plc) and their respective subsidiaries operating as a single unified economic entity.

On 31 January 2022, BHP unified its Dual Listed Company structure, following which BHP Group Plc became a subsidiary of BHP Group Limited.
BHP Group Limited is now the ultimate BHP parent company of all subsidiaries within the BHP Group.

Refer to Financial Statements note 28 ‘Subsidiaries’ for a list of our significant subsidiaries and to Exhibit 8.1 – List of Subsidiaries for a list of our
subsidiaries.

                                                                              231
9.4   Constitution
This section sets out a summary of BHP Group Limited’s Constitution, as well as other related arrangements under applicable laws and regulations.

Provisions of the Constitution of BHP Group Limited can be amended only where such amendment is approved by special resolution. A ‘special
resolution’ is a resolution that is passed by 75 per cent (i.e. at least three quarters) of the votes cast by BHP shareholders entitled to vote being in favour
of the resolution.


Directors
The Board may exercise all powers of BHP, other than those that are reserved for BHP shareholders to exercise in a general meeting.


Power to issue securities
Under the Constitution, the Board of Directors has the power to issue any BHP shares or other securities (including redeemable shares) with preferred,
deferred or other special rights, obligations or restrictions. The Board may issue shares on any terms it considers appropriate, provided that:
•     the issue does not affect any special rights of shareholders
•     if required, the issue is approved by shareholders
•     if the issue is of a class other than ordinary shares, the rights attaching to the class are expressed at the date of issue


Restrictions on voting by Directors
A Director may not vote in respect of any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which they have a material personal interest except in certain
prescribed circumstances, including (subject to applicable laws) where the material personal interest:
•     arises because the Director is a shareholder of BHP and is held in common with the other shareholders of BHP
•     arises in relation to the Director’s remuneration as a Director of BHP
•     relates to a contract BHP is proposing to enter into that is subject to approval by the shareholders and will not impose any obligation on BHP if it
      is not approved by the shareholders
•     arises merely because the Director is a guarantor or has given an indemnity or security for all or part of a loan, or proposed loan, to BHP
•     arises merely because the Director has a right of subrogation in relation to a guarantee or indemnity referred to above
•     relates to a contract that insures, or would insure, the Director against liabilities the Director incurs as an officer of BHP, but only if the contract
      does not make BHP or a related body corporate the insurer
•     relates to any payment by BHP or a related body corporate in respect of an indemnity permitted by law, or any contract relating to such an
      indemnity, or
•     is in a contract, or proposed contract with, or for the benefit of, or on behalf of, a related body corporate and arises merely because the Director is
      a director of a related body corporate

If a Director has a material personal interest and is not entitled to vote on a proposal, they will not be counted in the quorum for any vote on a resolution
concerning the material personal interest.


Loans by Directors
Any Director may lend money to BHP at interest with or without security or may, for a commission or profit, guarantee the repayment of any money
borrowed by BHP and underwrite or guarantee the subscription of shares or securities of BHP or of any corporation in which BHP may be interested
without being disqualified as a Director and without being liable to account to BHP for any commission or profit.

                                                                               232
Appointment and retirement of Directors
Appointment of Directors
The Constitution provides that a person may be appointed as a Director of BHP by the existing Directors of BHP or may be elected by the shareholders
in a general meeting.

Any person appointed as a Director of BHP by the existing Directors will hold office only until the next general meeting that includes an election of
Directors.

A person may be nominated by shareholders as a Director of BHP if:
•     a shareholder provides a valid written notice of the nomination; and
•     the person nominated by the shareholder satisfies candidature for the office and consents in writing to his or her nomination as a Director,

and the nomination is provided at least 40 business days before the date of the general meeting. The person nominated as a Director may be elected to
the Board by ordinary resolution passed in a general meeting.


Retirement of Directors
The Board has a policy under which all Non-executive Directors must, if they wish to remain on the Board, seek re-election by shareholders annually.
This policy took effect from the 2011 Annual General Meetings (AGMs) and replaced the previous system that required Non-executive Directors to
submit themselves to shareholders for re-election at least every three years.

A Director may be removed by BHP in accordance with applicable law and must vacate his or her office as a Director in certain circumstances set out in
the Constitution. There is no requirement for a Director to retire on reaching a certain age.


Rights attaching to shares
Dividend rights
Under Australian law, dividends on shares may be paid only if the company’s assets exceed its liabilities immediately before the dividend is determined
and the excess is sufficient for payment of the dividend, the payment of the dividend is fair and reasonable to the company’s shareholders as a whole and
the payment of the dividend does not materially prejudice the company’s ability to pay its creditors.

The Constitution provides that payment of any dividend may be made in any manner, by any means and in any currency determined by the Board.

All unclaimed dividends may be invested or otherwise used by the Board for the benefit of BHP Group Limited until claimed or otherwise disposed of
according to law. BHP Group Limited is governed by the Victorian unclaimed monies legislation, which requires BHP Group Limited to pay to the State
Revenue Office any unclaimed dividend payments of A$20 or more that have remained unclaimed for over 12 months.


Voting rights
For the purposes of determining which shareholders are entitled to attend or vote at a meeting of BHP Group Limited, and how many votes such
shareholder may cast, the Notice of Meeting will specify when a shareholder must be entered on the Register of Shareholders in order to have the right
to attend or vote at the meeting. The specified time must be not more than 48 hours before the time of the meeting.

Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxy to attend, vote or speak at a meeting of BHP Group Limited on their behalf must deposit the form appointing
a proxy so that it is received not less than 48 hours before the time of the meeting.

                                                                             233
Rights to share in BHP Group Limited’s profits
The rights attached to the ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited, as regards the participation in the profits available for distribution that the Board
determines to distribute, are as follows:
•     The holders of any preference shares will be entitled, in priority to any payment of dividend to the holders of any other class of shares, to a
      preferred right to participate as regards dividends up to but not beyond a specified amount in distribution.
•     Any surplus remaining after payment of the distributions above will be payable to the holders of BHP Group Limited ordinary shares in equal
      amounts per share.


Rights on return of assets on liquidation
On a return of assets on liquidation of BHP Group Limited, the assets of BHP Group Limited remaining available for distribution among shareholders
after the payment of all prior ranking amounts owed to all creditors and holders of preference shares, and to all prior ranking statutory entitlements, are
to be applied on an equal priority with any amount paid to the holders of BHP Group Limited ordinary shares, and any surplus remaining is to be applied
in making payments solely to the holders of BHP Group Limited ordinary shares in accordance with their entitlements.


Redemption of preference shares
If BHP Group Limited at any time proposes to create and issue any preference shares, the terms of the preference shares may give either or both of BHP
Group Limited and the holder the right to redeem the preference shares.

The preference shares terms may also give the holder the right to convert the preference shares into ordinary shares.

Under the Constitution, the preference shares must give the holders:
•     the right (on redemption and on a winding-up) to payment in cash in priority to any other class of shares of (i) the amount paid or agreed to be
      considered as paid on each of the preference shares; and (ii) the amount, if any, equal to the aggregate of any dividends accrued but unpaid and of
      any arrears of dividends; and
•     the right, in priority to any payment of dividend on any other class of shares, to the preferential dividend.


Capital calls
Subject to the terms on which any shares may have been issued, the Board may make calls on the shareholders in respect of all monies unpaid on their
shares. BHP has a lien on every partly paid share for all amounts payable in respect of that share. Each shareholder is liable to pay the amount of each
call in the manner, at the time and at the place specified by the Board (subject to receiving at least 14 days’ notice specifying the time and place for
payment). A call is considered to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Board authorising the call was passed.


Borrowing powers
Subject to relevant law, the Directors may exercise all powers of BHP to borrow money, and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property, assets
(both present and future) and all uncalled capital or any part or parts thereof and to issue debentures and other securities, whether outright or as collateral
security for any debt, liability or obligation of BHP or of any third party.


Variation of class rights
Rights attached to any class of shares issued by BHP Group Limited can only be varied where such variation is approved by:
•     the company as a special resolution; and
•     the holders of the issued shares of the affected class, either by a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the issued shares
      of the class affected, or with the written consent of members with at least 75 per cent of the votes of that class.

                                                                             234
Annual General Meetings
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) provides a forum to facilitate the sharing of shareholder views and is an important event in the BHP calendar. The
meeting provides an update for shareholders on our performance and offers an opportunity for shareholders to ask questions and vote. To vote at an
AGM, a shareholder must be a registered holder of BHP Group Limited shares at a designated time before the relevant AGM.

Key members of management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer, are present and available to answer questions.
The External Auditor will also be available to answer questions.

Proceedings at shareholder meetings are webcast live from our website. Copies of the speeches delivered by the Chair and CEO to the AGM are released
to the relevant stock exchanges and posted on our website. The outcome of voting on the items of business are released to the relevant stock exchanges
and posted on our website as soon as they are available following completion of the AGM and finalisation of the polls.

More information on our AGMs is available at bhp.com/meetings.


Conditions governing general meetings
The Board may, and must on requisition in accordance with applicable laws, call a general meeting of the shareholders at the time and place or places
and in the manner determined by the Board. No shareholder may convene a general meeting of BHP except where entitled under law to do so. Any
Director may convene a general meeting whenever the Director thinks fit. General meetings can also be adjourned or cancelled, or postponed where
permitted by law or the Constitution. Notice of a general meeting must be given to each shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting and such notice of
meeting must be given in the form and manner in which the Board thinks fit subject to any applicable law. Five shareholders of the company present in
person or by proxy constitute a quorum for a meeting. A shareholder who is entitled to attend and cast a vote at a general meeting of BHP may appoint a
person as a proxy to attend and vote for the shareholder in accordance with applicable law. All provisions relating to general meetings apply with any
necessary modifications to any special meeting of any class of shareholders that may be held.


Limitations of rights to own securities
There are no limitations under the Constitution restricting the right to own BHP shares or other securities. In addition, the Australian Foreign
Acquisitions and Takeovers Act 1975 imposes a number of conditions that restrict foreign ownership of Australian-based companies.

For information on share control limits imposed by relevant laws refer to Additional information 9.8.


Documents on display
Documents filed by BHP Group Limited on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) are available at asx.com.au and documents filed on the London
Stock Exchange (LSE) are available at data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism. Documents filed on the ASX or on the LSE are not
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. The documents referred to in this Annual Report as being available on our website, bhp.com, are not
incorporated by reference and do not form part of this Annual Report.

BHP Group Limited files Annual Reports and other reports and information with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These filings are
available on the SEC website at sec.gov.

                                                                            235
9.5   Share ownership
Share capital
The details of the share capital for BHP Group Limited are presented in Financial Statements note 16 ‘Share capital’ and remain current as at 4 August
2022.


Major shareholders
The table in ‘Ordinary share holdings and transactions’ in Remuneration Report 5.4 and the information set out in ‘Executive Key Management
Personnel’ in Directors’ Report 4 present information pertaining to the shares in BHP Group Limited held by Directors and members of the Key
Management Personnel.

BHP Group Limited is not directly or indirectly controlled by another corporation or by any government. No shareholder possesses voting rights that
differ from those attaching to all of BHP Group Limited’s voting securities.


Substantial shareholders in BHP Group Limited
The following table shows holdings of 5 per cent or more of voting rights in BHP Group Limited’s shares as notified to BHP Group Limited under the
Australian Corporations Act 2001, Section 671B as at 30 June 2022.1

                                                                                    Date of last notice
                                                                                                                                  % of total
Title of class                         Identity of person or group         Date received          Date of change   Number owned voting rights2
Ordinary shares                      Citigroup Global Markets                 26 April 2022          21 April 2022 318,921,856.17      6.2999%
                                     Australia Pty Limited
Ordinary shares                      BlackRock Group                         3 February 2022       31 January 2022      351,161,439              6.93%
Ordinary shares                      First Sentier Investors Holdings        25 January 2022       21 January 2022      148,776,229              5.04%
                                     Pty Limited

1     Between 1 July 2022 and 4 August 2022, BHP received a substantial shareholder notice from State Street Corporation on 22 July 2022, which
      included the following information: date of change 20 July 2022, the number of securities owned 261,205,833 and percentage of voting rights
      5.16 per cent.
2     The percentages quoted are based on the voting rights provided in the last substantial shareholders notice.


Twenty largest shareholders as at 4 August 2022 (as named on the Register of Shareholders)1

                                                                                                                      Number of fully      % of issued
BHP Group Limited                                                                                                      paid shares          capital
1.  HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited2                                                                          1,308,389,176            25.85
2.  J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                                             808,044,953            15.96
3.  Computershare Clearing Pty Ltd <CCNL DI A/C>3                                                                         377,361,065              7.45
4.  Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                                             345,389,241              6.82
5.  Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Citibank NY ADR Dep A/C>                                                               287,052,215              5.67
6.  South Africa Control A/C\C4                                                                                           215,543,062              4.26
7.  BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <Drp>                                                                                        140,537,183              2.78
8.  National Nominees Limited                                                                                             133,886,307              2.64
9.  BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending Drp A/C>                                                                  61,711,472              1.22
10. Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>                                                           41,973,139              0.83
11. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <Nt-Comnwlth Super Corp A/C>                                                 32,952,696              0.65
12. BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd ACF Clearstream                                                                           21,016,512              0.42
13. Computershare Nominees CI Ltd <ASX Shareplus Control A/C>                                                              19,149,708              0.38
14. Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                                       13,413,159              0.26
15. Netwealth Investments Limited <Wrap Services A/C>                                                                      12,887,342              0.25
16. BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd Hub24 Custodial Serv Ltd <DRP A/C>                                                        10,288,935              0.20
17. Argo Investments Limited                                                                                                8,968,304              0.18
18. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited2                                                                              7,379,822              0.15
19. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <Euroclear Bank SA NV A/C>                                                    6,927,263              0.14
20. Solium Nominees (Australia) Pty Ltd <VSA A/C>                                                                           5,574,376              0.11
                                                                                                                        3,858,445,930            76.22

1     Many of the 20 largest shareholders shown for BHP Group Limited hold shares as a nominee or custodian. In accordance with the reporting
      requirements, the tables reflect the legal ownership of shares and not the details of the underlying beneficial holders.
2     HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited is listed twice in the above table as they are registered separately under the same name on the share
      register.
3     Computershare Clearing Pty Ltd <CCNL DI A/C> represents the Depositary Interest Register (UK).
4     South Africa Control A/C\C represents the South African branch register.

                                                                           236
US share ownership as at 4 August 2022

                                                                                                              BHP Group Limited
                                                                                               Number of                Number of
                                                                                              shareholders      %         shares               %
Classification of holder
Registered holders of voting securities                                                               1,613     0.26         3,665,430         0.07
ADR holders                                                                                           1,760     0.29       285,080,4061        5.63

1     These shares translate to 142,540,203 ADRs.


Geographical distribution of shareholders and shareholdings as at 4 August 2022

                                                                                                              BHP Group Limited
                                                                                               Number of                Number of
                                                                                              shareholders      %         shares               %
Registered address
Australia                                                                                          595,906      97.41    5,006,223,404        98.89
New Zealand                                                                                          7,448       1.22       17,288,389         0.34
United Kingdom                                                                                       2,463       0.40        6,396,636         0.13
United States                                                                                        1,613       0.26        3,665,430         0.07
South Africa                                                                                            93       0.02          194,146         0.00
Other                                                                                                4,206       0.69       28,555,185         0.57
Total                                                                                              611,729       100     5,062,323,190         100


Distribution of shareholdings by size as at 4 August 2022

                                                                                                              BHP Group Limited
                                                                                              Number of                  Number of
                                                                                             shareholders       %         shares1              %
Size of holding
1 – 5002                                                                                           294,628     48.163        59,084,642        1.17
501 – 1,000                                                                                        109,464     17.894        83,778,512        1.65
1,001 – 5,000                                                                                      164,130     26.831       367,994,711        7.27
5,001 – 10,000                                                                                      26,073      4.262       183,985,534        3.63
10,001 – 25,000                                                                                     13,245      2.165       198,949,969        3.93
25,001 – 50,000                                                                                      2,766      0.452        94,261,200        1.86
50,001 – 100,000                                                                                       936      0.153        64,334,549        1.27
100,001 – 250,000                                                                                      347      0.057        49,498,045        0.98
250,001 – 500,000                                                                                       66      0.011        22,227,516        0.44
500,001 – 1,000,000                                                                                     25      0.004        17,084,058        0.34
1,000,001 and over                                                                                      49      0.008     3,921,124,454       77.46
Total                                                                                              611,729        100     5,062,323,190         100

1     One ordinary share entitles the holder to one vote.
2     The number of BHP Group Limited shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel (A$500) based on the market price of A$38.17 as at
      4 August 2022 was 9,468.

                                                                       237
9.6   Dividends
Policy
The Group adopted a dividend policy in February 2016 that provides for a minimum 50 per cent payout of Underlying attributable profit (Continuing
operations) at every reporting period. For information on Underlying attributable profit (Continuing operations) for FY2022 refer to OFR 4.2 and
OFR 11.

The Board will assess, at each reporting period, the ability to pay amounts additional to the minimum payment, in accordance with the Capital
Allocation Framework, as described in OFR 2.2.

In FY2022, we determined our dividends and other distributions in US dollars as it is our main functional currency.


Payments
BHP Group Limited shareholders may have their cash dividends paid directly into their bank account in Australian dollars, UK pounds sterling, New
Zealand dollars, or US dollars, provided they have submitted direct credit details and if required, a valid currency election nominating a financial
institution to the BHP Share Registrar in Australia no later than close of business on the dividend reinvestment plan election date. BHP Group Limited
shareholders who do not provide their direct credit details will receive dividend payments by way of a cheque in Australian dollars.


Dividend reinvestment plan
BHP offers a dividend reinvestment plan to registered shareholders, which provides the opportunity to use cash dividends to purchase BHP shares in the
market. Following the unification of BHP’s DLC structure, BHP made amendments to its dividend reinvestment programme to provide former
shareholders of BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) with an ongoing opportunity to participate in the BHP Group Limited dividend
reinvestment plan.


9.7 American Depositary Receipts fees and charges
We have an American Depositary Receipts (ADR) program for BHP Group Limited which has a 2:1 ordinary shares to American Depositary Share
(ADS) ratio.


Depositary fees
Citibank serves as the depositary bank for our ADR program. ADR holders agree to the terms in the deposit agreement filed with the SEC for depositing
ordinary shares or surrendering ADSs for cancellation and for certain services as provided by Citibank. Holders are required to pay certain fees for
general depositary services provided by Citibank, as set out in the tables below.


Standard depositary fees

Depositary service                                                                  Fee payable by the ADR holders
Issuance of ADSs upon deposit of shares                                             Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) issued
Delivery of Deposited Securities against surrender of ADSs                          Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) surrendered
Distribution of Cash Dividends                                                      Up to US$1.50 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) held


Corporate actions depositary fees

Depositary service                                                                  Fee payable by the ADR holders
Cash Distributions other than Cash Dividends (i.e. sale of rights, other            Up to US$2.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) held
entitlements, return of capital)
Distribution of ADSs pursuant to exercise of rights to purchase additional          Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) held
ADSs. Excludes stock dividends and stock splits
Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to purchase additional         Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) held
ADSs (i.e., spin-off shares)
Distribution of ADSs pursuant to an ADR ratio change in which shares are            No fee
distributed

                                                                              238
Fees payable by the Depositary to the Issuer
Citibank has provided BHP net reimbursement of US$1,067,481.21 in FY2022 for ADR program-related expenses for BHP’s ADR program (FY2021:
US$1,157,500). ADR program-related expenses include legal and accounting fees, listing fees, expenses related to investor relations in the United
States, fees payable to service providers for the distribution of material to ADR holders, expenses of Citibank as administrator of the ADS Direct Plan
and expenses to remain in compliance with applicable laws.

Citibank has further agreed to waive other ADR program-related expenses for FY2022, amounting to US$18,195.03 which are associated with the
administration of the ADR program (FY2021: US$24,189.85).

The ADSs issued under our ADR program trade on the NYSE under the stock ticker BHP. As of 4 August 2022, there were 142,540,203 ADSs on issue
and outstanding in the BHP Group Limited ADR program.


Charges
Holders are also required to pay the following charges in connection with depositing of ordinary shares and surrendering ADSs for cancellation and for
the purpose of withdrawing deposited securities: taxes and other governmental charges, registration fees, transmission and delivery expenses, expenses
and charges incurred by the depositary in the conversion of foreign currency, fees and expenses of the depositary in connection with compliance with
exchange control regulations and other regulatory requirements and fees and expenses incurred by the depositary or other nominee in connection with
servicing or delivery of deposit securities.


9.8   Government regulations
Our assets are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations imposed by governments and regulatory bodies. These regulations touch all aspects of
our assets, including how we extract, process and explore for minerals and how we conduct our business, including regulations governing matters such
as environmental protection, land rehabilitation, occupational health and safety, human rights, the rights and interests of Indigenous peoples,
competition, foreign investment, export, marketing of minerals, and taxes.

The ability to extract and process minerals is fundamental to BHP. In most jurisdictions, the rights to extract mineral deposits are owned by the
government. We obtain the right to access the land and extract the product by entering into licences or leases with the government that owns the mineral
deposit. We also rely on governments to grant the rights necessary to transport and treat the extracted material to prepare it for sale. The terms of the
lease or licence, including the time period of the lease or licence, vary depending on the laws of the relevant government or terms negotiated with the
relevant government. Generally, we own the product we extract and we are required to pay royalties or other taxes to the government. The Queensland
Government recently announced that a 10-year freeze on coal royalties would expire on 30 June 2022, with a new progressive royalty system to apply
from 1 July 2022. The revised system replaced the fixed royalty amount of 15 per cent on any amounts above A$150 per tonne with a tiered approach,
which increases the royalty amount payable as the price of coal passes certain monetary thresholds. The royalty rates for amounts up to and including
A$150 will not change despite the expiry of the royalty freeze. For more information refer to OFR 5.1.

The rights to explore for minerals are granted to us by the government that owns the natural resources we wish to explore. Usually, the right to explore
carries with it the obligation to spend a defined amount of money on the exploration, or to undertake particular exploration activities.

Environmental protection, mine closure and land rehabilitation, and occupational health and safety are principally regulated by governments and to a
lesser degree, if applicable, by leases. These obligations often require us to make substantial expenditures to minimise or remediate the environmental
impact of our assets and to ensure the safety of our employees and contractors and the communities where we operate. Regulations setting emissions
standards for fuels used to power vehicles and equipment at our assets and the modes of transport used in our supply chains can also have a substantial
impact, both directly and indirectly, on the markets for these products, with flow-on impacts on our costs. For more information on these types of
obligations refer to OFR 7.

The Parliament of Western Australia recently passed the Aboriginal Cultural Heritage Act 2021 (WA) (ACH Act). The ACH Act, which received assent
on 22 December 2021, will replace the Aboriginal Cultural Heritage Act 1972 (WA), concluding more than three years of consultation with Indigenous
Australians, industry representatives, heritage professionals and the Western Australian community. The ACH Act will strengthen the Western Australian
government’s authority to regulate land use including mining activities, and the consultation process in relation to Aboriginal cultural heritage sites in
Western Australia. Before the ACH Act comes into operation, there will be a transitional period of at least 12 months during which subordinate
legislation, statutory guidelines and operational policies will be developed to ensure the ACH Act will achieve its intended effects. There is potential for
the ACH Act to impact BHP’s mining operations or future access to mining areas. For more information refer to OFR 7.13.

From time to time, certain trade sanctions are adopted by the United Nations (UN) Security Council and/or various governments, including in the United
Kingdom, the United States, the European Union (EU), China and Australia against certain countries, entities or individuals, that may restrict our ability
to sell extracted minerals, oil or natural gas to, and/or our ability to purchase goods or services from, these countries, entities or individuals.

                                                                            239
Disclosure of Iran-related activities pursuant to section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) requires an issuer to disclose in its annual reports whether it or
any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran. If applicable, disclosure is required even where the
activities, transactions or dealings are conducted outside the United States by non-US persons in compliance with applicable law, and whether or not the
activities are sanctionable under US law. Provided in this section is certain information concerning activities of certain affiliates of BHP that took place
in FY2022. BHP believes that these activities are not sanctionable either as being outside the scope of US sanctions, or within the scope of a specific
licence issued by the US Department of the Treasury‘s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).

On 30 November 2018, BHP Billiton Petroleum Great Britain Ltd (BHP GB), a wholly owned subsidiary of BHP, and its co-venturers in the Bruce and
Keith gas and oil fields offshore United Kingdom (BP Exploration Operating Company (BP), Marubeni Oil & Gas (UK) Limited (Marubeni) and Total
E&P UK Limited (Total)) completed the sale of their interests in the Bruce and Keith gas and oil fields to Serica Energy (UK) Limited (Serica) (the
Bruce and Keith Transaction). BHP divested its entire licence interests in Bruce and Keith but retained the obligation to fund decommissioning in
accordance with its previous licence interest.

The transfer of licence interests and retention of decommissioning liabilities for the Bruce and Keith co-venturers in the respective gas and oil fields is
described below:

                                                                                Bruce                                               Keith
                                                                              Post-sale        Post-sale                          Post-sale        Post-sale
                                                             Pre-sale          licence          decom.           Pre-sale          licence          decom.
                                                            interest %       interest %       interest %        interest %       interest %       interest %
BP                                                                   37                1               37            34.83                 0           34.83
Total                                                            43.25                 1           43.25                 25                0               25
BHP GB                                                               16                0               16            31.83                 0           31.83
Marubeni                                                           3.65                0                0              8.33                0                0
Serica                                                                0               98             3.75                 0             100              8.33

While the sale closed on 30 November 2018, it was effective in economic terms as of 1 January 2018. In addition to initial cash consideration received
from Serica at completion, BHP:
•     subsequently received a share of pre-tax net cash flow attributable to its historic interest in the Bruce and Keith gas and oil fields of 60 per cent
      during December 2018, 50 per cent in CY2019 and 40 per cent in each of CY2020 and CY2021 under a Net Cash Flow Sharing Deed; and
•     will continue to receive a share of projected decommissioning costs up to a specified cap.

The Bruce platform provides transportation and processing services to the nearby Rhum gas field pursuant to a contract between the Bruce owners and
Rhum owners (the Bruce-Rhum Agreement). At the same time as the Bruce and Keith Transaction, Serica acquired from BP its 50 per cent interest and
operatorship of the Rhum gas field. The Rhum gas field is now owned by a 50:50 unincorporated joint venture arrangement between Serica and Iranian
Oil Company (UK) Limited (IOC). IOC is an indirect subsidiary of the National Iranian Oil Company, which is a corporation owned by the Government
of Iran.

OFAC issued licence No. IA-2018-352294-2 (the OFAC Licence) authorising BP, Serica and all US persons and US-owned or controlled foreign entities
identified in the licence application to provide goods, services and support for the operation, maintenance and production of the Rhum gas field, and
goods, services and support to the Bruce platform for a period from 2 November 2018 through 31 October 2019. On 22 October 2019, OFAC renewed
this licence through to 28 February 2021, and on 19 January 2021, OFAC renewed the license through to 31 January 2023. OFAC also provided an
assurance that non-US persons would not be exposed to US secondary sanctions for engaging in these activities and transactions involving Rhum or the
Bruce platform, namely providing goods, services, and support to the Rhum field.

BHP continues to monitor developments concerning US sanctions with respect to Iran to maintain compliance with applicable sanctions laws and
requirements. Although BHP has no ongoing direct dealings with any Iranian party, because BHP received ongoing consideration from Serica related to
the sale of its interest in the Bruce-Rhum Agreement, BHP has included this disclosure.

BHP recognised the following transactions in FY2022 related to the Bruce-Rhum Agreement. For the period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022, BHP received
US$6.5 million from Serica under the Net Cash Flow Sharing Deed.

                                                                             240
Shareholding limits
Under current Australian legislation, the payment of any dividends, interest or other payments by BHP Group Limited to non-resident holders of BHP
Group Limited’s shares is not restricted by exchange controls or other limitations, except that, in certain circumstances, BHP Group Limited may be
required to withhold Australian taxes.

From time to time, certain sanctions are adopted by the UN Security Council and/or various governments, including in the United Kingdom, the United
States, the EU and Australia. Those sanctions prohibit or, in some cases, impose certain approval and reporting requirements on transactions involving
sanctioned countries, entities and individuals and/or assets controlled or owned by them. Certain transfers into or out of Australia of amounts greater
than A$10,000 in any currency may also be subject to reporting requirements.

The Australian Foreign Acquisitions and Takeovers Act 1975 (the FATA) restricts certain acquisitions of interests in securities in Australian companies,
including BHP Group Limited. Generally, under the FATA, the prior approval of the Australian Treasurer must be obtained for proposals by a foreign
person (either alone or together with its associates) to acquire 20 per cent or more of the voting power or issued securities in an Australian company.
Lower approval thresholds apply in certain circumstances, including for acquisitions of interests in entities that operate a ‘national security business’,
and acquisitions of interests by foreign government investors of voting power or issued securities in an Australian company.

The FATA also empowers the Treasurer to make certain orders prohibiting acquisitions by foreign persons in Australian companies, including BHP
Group Limited (and requiring divestiture if the acquisition has occurred) where the Treasurer considers the acquisition to be contrary to national security
or the national interest.

Except for the restrictions under the FATA, there are no limitations, either under Australian law or under the Constitution of BHP Group Limited, on the
right of non-residents to hold or vote BHP Group Limited ordinary shares.


Post-unification requirements under FATA
The Treasurer gave approval under the FATA for the actions taken as part of implementation of the unification of BHP’s DLC structure on the conditions
set out below:
•     BHP Group Limited remains an Australian resident company, incorporated under the Corporations Act, that is listed on the ASX under the name
      ‘BHP Group Limited’ and trades under that name.
•     BHP Group Limited remains the ultimate holding company of, and continues to ultimately manage and control the companies conducting the
      businesses which are presently conducted by the subsidiaries of BHP Group Limited, including the Minerals and Services businesses, for so long
      as those businesses form part of the BHP Group.
•     The headquarters of BHP Group Limited (including the BHP Group’s corporate head offices) are to be in Australia.
•     The Chief Executive Officer of BHP Group Limited has their principal office in Australia.
•     The centre of administrative and practical management of BHP Group Limited is in Australia and BHP Group Limited’s corporate head office
      activities, of the kind presently carried on in Australia, continue to be managed in Australia.
•     The headquarters of BHP Group Limited is publicly acknowledged as being in Australia in significant public announcements and in all public
      documents.
•     The Chief Executive Officer of BHP Group Limited has their principal place of residence in Australia.
•     The majority of all regularly scheduled Board meetings of BHP Group Limited in any calendar year occurs in Australia.

                                                                            241
9.9 Taxation
The taxation discussion below describes the material Australian, UK and US federal income tax consequences to a US holder owning BHP Group
Limited ordinary shares or ADSs.

The following discussion is not relevant to non-US holders of BHP Group Limited ordinary shares or ADSs. By its nature, the commentary below is of a
general nature and we recommend that holders of ordinary shares or ADSs consult their own tax advisers regarding the Australian, UK and US federal,
state and local tax and other tax consequences of owning and disposing of ordinary shares and ADSs in their particular circumstances.

For purposes of this commentary, a US holder is a beneficial owner of ordinary shares or ADSs who is, for US federal income tax purposes:
•     a citizen or resident alien of the US;
•     a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for US federal income tax purposes) that is created or organised under the laws of the US or
      any political subdivision thereof;
•     an estate, the income of which is subject to US federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
•     a trust:
      (a)        if a court within the US is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more US persons have the authority to
                 control all of its substantial decisions; or
      (b)        that has made a valid election to be treated as a US person for tax purposes.

This discussion of material tax consequences for US holders is based on the Australian, UK and US laws currently in effect, the published practice of tax
authorities in those jurisdictions and the double taxation treaties and conventions currently in existence. These laws are subject to change, possibly on a
retroactive basis.


(a) Australian taxation
Dividends
Dividends (including other distributions treated as dividends for Australian tax purposes) paid by BHP Group Limited to a US holder that is not an
Australian resident for Australian tax purposes will generally not be subject to Australian withholding tax if they are fully franked (broadly, where a
dividend is franked, tax paid by BHP Group Limited is imputed to the shareholders).

Dividends paid to such US holders, which are not fully franked, will generally be subject to Australian withholding tax not exceeding 15 per cent only to
the extent (if any) that the dividend is neither:
•     franked; nor
•     declared by BHP Group Limited to be conduit foreign income. (Broadly, this means that the relevant part of the dividend is declared to have been
      paid out of foreign source amounts received by BHP Group Limited that are not subject to tax in Australia, such as dividends remitted to Australia
      by foreign subsidiaries).

The Australian withholding tax outcome described above applies to US holders who are eligible for benefits under the Tax Convention between
Australia and the US as to the Avoidance of Double Taxation (the Australian Tax Treaty). Otherwise, the rate of Australian withholding tax may be
30 per cent.

In contrast, dividends (including other distributions treated as dividends for Australian tax purposes) paid by BHP Group Limited to a US holder may
instead be taxed by assessment in Australia if the US holder:
•     is an Australian resident for Australian tax purposes (although the tax will generally not exceed 15 per cent where the US holder is eligible for
      benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty as a treaty resident of the US and any franking credits may be creditable against their Australian income
      tax liability); or
•     carries on business in Australia through a permanent establishment as defined in the Australian Tax Treaty, or performs personal services from a
      fixed base in Australia, and the shareholding in respect of which the dividend is paid is effectively connected with that permanent establishment or
      fixed base, (however, in such a case any franking credits may be creditable against the Australian income tax liability).

The treatment of dividends outlined above may be modified where the shareholding in BHP Group Limited is held through a trust, limited partnership,
limited liability company, pension fund, sovereign wealth fund or other investment vehicle. Affected US holders should seek their own advice in relation
to such arrangements.

                                                                               242
Sale of ordinary shares and ADSs
Gains made by US holders on the sale of ordinary shares or ADSs will generally not be taxed in Australia.

However, the precise Australian tax treatment of gains made by US holders on the sale of ordinary shares or ADSs generally depends on whether or not
the gain is an Australian sourced gain of an income nature for Australian income tax purposes.

Where the gain is of an income nature, a US holder will generally only be liable to Australian income tax on an assessment basis (whether or not they
are also an Australian resident for Australian tax purposes) if:
•     they are not eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty and the gain is sourced in Australia for Australian tax purposes; or
•     they are eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty but the gain constitutes any of the following (in which case the gain will be deemed
      to have an Australian source):
      –      business profits of an enterprise attributable to a permanent establishment situated in Australia through which the enterprise carries on
             business in Australia; or
      –      income or gains from the alienation of property that form part of the business property of a permanent establishment of an enterprise that
             the US holder has in Australia, or pertain to a fixed base available to the US holder in Australia for the purpose of performing independent
             personal services; or
      –      income derived from the disposition of shares in a company, the assets of which consist wholly or principally of real property (which
             includes rights to exploit or to explore for natural resources) situated in Australia, whether such assets are held directly or indirectly
             through one or more interposed entities.

Where the gain is not taxed as Australian sourced income, the US holder will generally only be liable to Australian capital gains tax on an assessment
basis if they acquired (or are deemed to have acquired) their shares or ADSs after 19 September 1985 and one or more of the following applies:
•     the US holder is an Australian resident for Australian tax purposes; or
•     the ordinary shares or ADSs have been used by the US holder in carrying on a business through a permanent establishment in Australia; or
•     the ordinary shares or ADSs constitute an ‘indirect Australian real property interest’ for Australian CGT purposes – this will generally be the case
      if the US holder (either alone or together with associates) directly or indirectly owns or owned 10 per cent or more of the issued share capital of
      BHP Group Limited at the time of the disposal or throughout a 12-month period during the two years prior to the time of disposal and, at the time
      of the disposal, the sum of the market values of BHP Group Limited’s assets that are taxable Australian real property (held directly or through
      interposed entities) exceeds the sum of the market values of BHP Group Limited’s assets (held directly or through interposed entities) that are not
      taxable Australian real property at that time (which, for these purposes includes mining, quarrying or prospecting rights in respect of minerals,
      petroleum or quarry materials situated in Australia); or
•     the US holder is an individual who is not eligible for benefits under the Australian Tax Treaty as a treaty resident of the US and elected on
      becoming a non-resident of Australia to continue to have the ordinary shares or ADSs subject to Australian capital gains tax.

In certain circumstances, if the ordinary shares or ADSs constitute an ‘indirect Australian real property interest’ for Australian CGT purposes, the
purchaser may be required to withhold under the non-resident CGT withholding regime an amount equal to 12.5 per cent of the purchase price in
situations including where the acquisition is undertaken by way of an off-market transfer. Affected US holders should seek their own advice in relation
to how this withholding regime may apply to them.

The comments above on the sale of ordinary shares and ADSs do not apply:
•     to temporary residents of Australia who should seek advice that is specific to their circumstances; or
•     if the Investment Management Regime (IMR) applies to the US holder, which exempts from Australian income tax and capital gains tax gains
      made on disposals by certain categories of non-resident funds – called IMR entities – of (relevantly) portfolio interests in Australian public
      companies (subject to a number of conditions). The IMR exemptions broadly apply to widely held IMR entities in relation to their direct
      investments and indirect investments made through an independent Australian fund manager. The exemptions apply to gains made by IMR entities
      that are treated as companies for Australian tax purposes as well as gains made by non-resident investors in IMR entities that are treated as trusts
      and partnerships for Australian tax purposes.


Stamp duty, gift, estate and inheritance tax
Australia does not impose any stamp duty, gift, estate or inheritance taxes in relation to transfers or gifts of shares or ADSs or upon the death of a
shareholder.

                                                                             243
(b) US taxation
This section describes the material US federal income tax consequences to a US holder of owning ordinary shares or ADSs. It applies only to ordinary
shares or ADSs that are held as capital assets for tax purposes. This discussion addresses only US federal income taxation and does not discuss all of the
tax consequences that may be relevant to US holders in light of their individual circumstances, including foreign, state or local tax consequences, estate
and gift tax consequences, and tax consequences arising under the Medicare contribution tax on net investment income. This section does not apply to a
holder of ordinary shares or ADSs that is a member of a special class of holders subject to special rules, including a dealer in securities, a trader in
securities that elects to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for its securities holdings, a tax-exempt organisation, a life insurance company, a
person liable for alternative minimum tax, a person who actually or constructively owns 10 per cent or more of the combined voting power of the voting
stock or of the total value of the stock of BHP Group Limited, a person that holds ordinary shares or ADSs as part of a straddle or a hedging or
conversion transaction, a person that purchases or sells ordinary shares or ADSs as part of a wash sale for tax purposes, or a person whose functional
currency is not the US dollar.

If an entity or arrangement that is treated as a partnership for US federal income tax purposes holds the ordinary shares or ADSs, the US federal income
tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding
the ordinary shares or ADSs should consult its tax adviser with regard to the US federal income tax treatment of an investment in the ordinary shares or
ADSs.

This section is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations, published rulings and
court decisions, and the Australian Tax Treaty, all as currently in effect. These authorities are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis.

This section is in part based on the representations of the Depositary and the assumption that each obligation in the deposit agreement and any related
agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms.

In general, for US federal income tax purposes, a holder of ADSs will be treated as the owner of the ordinary shares represented by those ADSs.
Exchanges of ordinary shares for ADSs, and ADSs for ordinary shares, generally will not be subject to US federal income tax.


Dividends
Under US federal income tax laws and subject to the Passive Foreign Investment Company (PFIC) rules discussed below, a US holder must include in
its gross income the amount of any dividend paid by BHP Group Limited out of its current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for US
federal income tax purposes) plus any Australian tax withheld from the dividend payment even though the holder does not receive it. The dividend is
taxable to the holder when the holder, in the case of ordinary shares, or the Depositary, in the case of ADSs, actually or constructively receives the
dividend.

Dividends paid to a non-corporate US holder on shares or ADSs will be taxable at the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains provided
the US holder holds the shares or ADSs for more than 60 days during the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the ex-dividend date and does not
enter into certain risk reduction transactions with respect to the shares or ADSs during the abovementioned holding period. However, a non-corporate
US holder that elects to treat the dividend income as ‘investment income’ pursuant to Section 163(d)(4) of the US Internal Revenue Code will not be
eligible for such preferential rates. In the case of a corporate US holder, dividends on shares and ADSs are taxed as ordinary income and will not be
eligible for the dividends received deduction generally allowed to US corporations in respect of dividends received from other US corporations.

Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for US federal income tax purposes, will be treated as a
non-taxable return of capital to the extent of the holder’s tax basis, determined in US dollars, in the ordinary shares or ADSs and thereafter as a capital
gain. However, BHP Group Limited does not expect to calculate earnings and profits in accordance with US federal income tax principles. Accordingly,
holders should expect to generally treat distributions made by BHP Group Limited as dividends.

The amount of any cash distribution paid in any foreign currency will be equal to the US dollar value of such currency, calculated by reference to the
spot rate in effect on the date such distribution is received by the US holder or, in the case of ADSs, by the Depositary, regardless of whether and when
the foreign currency is in fact converted into US dollars. If the foreign currency is converted into US dollars on the date received, the US holder
generally should not recognise foreign currency gain or loss on such conversion. If the foreign currency is not converted into US dollars on the date
received, the US holder will have a basis in the foreign currency equal to its US dollar value on the date of the distribution, and generally will recognise
foreign currency gain or loss on a subsequent conversion or other disposal of such currency. Such foreign currency gain or loss generally will be treated
as ordinary income or loss ineligible for the preferential tax rate applicable to dividend income and generally will be income or loss from US sources for
foreign tax credit limitation purposes.

Subject to certain limitations, Australian tax withheld in accordance with the Australian Tax Treaty and paid over to Australia will be creditable against
an individual’s US federal income tax liability. However, under recently finalized Treasury regulations, it is possible that such withholding tax will not
be creditable unless the U.S. holder is eligible to claim the benefits of the Australian Tax Treaty and elects to apply the Australian Tax Treaty. Special
rules apply in determining the foreign tax credit limitation with respect to dividends that are taxed at the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital
gains. To the extent a reduction or refund of the tax withheld is available to a US holder under Australian law or under the Australian Tax Treaty, the
amount of tax withheld that could have been reduced or that is refundable will not be eligible for credit against the holder’s US federal income tax
liability. A US holder that does not elect to claim a US foreign tax credit may instead claim a deduction for Australian income tax withheld, but only for
a taxable year in which the US holder elects to do so with respect to all foreign income taxes paid or accrued in such taxable year.

Dividends will be income from sources outside the US, and generally will be ‘passive category’ income for the purpose of computing the foreign tax
credit allowable to a US holder. In general, a taxpayer’s ability to use foreign tax credits may be limited and is dependent on the particular
circumstances. US holders should consult their tax advisers with respect to these matters.

                                                                             244
Sale of ordinary shares and ADSs
Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a US holder who sells or otherwise disposes of ordinary shares or ADSs will recognise a capital gain or loss
for US federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the US dollar value of the amount realised and the holder’s tax basis, determined in
US dollars, in those ordinary shares or ADSs. The gain or loss will generally be income or loss from sources within the US for foreign tax credit
limitation purposes. The capital gain of a non-corporate US holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period greater
than 12 months in the shares or ADSs sold. There are limitations on the deductibility of capital losses.

The US dollar value of any foreign currency received upon a sale or other disposition of ordinary shares or ADSs will be calculated by reference to the
spot rate in effect on the date of sale or other disposal (or, in the case of a cash basis or electing accrual basis taxpayer, on the settlement date). A US
holder will have a tax basis in the foreign currency received equal to that US dollar amount, and generally will recognise foreign currency gain or loss
on a subsequent conversion or other disposal of the foreign currency. This foreign currency gain or loss generally will be treated as US source ordinary
income or loss for foreign tax credit limitation purposes.


Passive Foreign Investment Company rules
We do not believe that the BHP Group Limited ordinary shares or ADSs will be treated as stock of a PFIC for US federal income tax purposes, but this
conclusion is a factual determination that is made annually at the end of the year and thus may be subject to change. If BHP Group Limited were treated
as a PFIC, any gain realised on the sale or other disposition of ordinary shares or ADSs would in general not be treated as a capital gain. Instead, a US
holder would be treated as if it had realised such gain and certain ‘excess distributions’ ratably over its holding period for the ordinary shares or ADSs
and would be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for each such year to which the gain was allocated, together with an interest charge in respect of the
tax attributable to each such year. In addition, dividends received with respect to ordinary shares or ADSs would not be eligible for the preferential tax
rates applicable to dividend income if BHP Group Limited were a PFIC either in the taxable year of the distribution or the preceding taxable year, but
instead would be taxable at rates applicable to ordinary income. Assuming the shares or ADSs are ‘marketable stock’, a US holder may mitigate the
adverse tax consequences described above by electing to be taxed annually on a mark-to-market basis with respect to such shares or ADSs.


(c) UK taxation
Dividends
Under UK law, no UK tax is required to be withheld at source from dividends paid on ordinary shares or ADSs.


Sale of ordinary shares and ADSs
US holders will not be liable for UK tax on capital gains realised on disposal of ordinary shares or ADSs unless:
•     they are resident in the UK; or
•     they carry on a trade, profession or vocation in the UK through a branch or agency for the year in which the disposal occurs and the shares or
      ADSs have been used, held or acquired for the purposes of such trade (or profession or vocation), branch or agency. In the case of a trade, the term
      ‘branch’ includes a permanent establishment.

An individual who ceases to be a resident in the UK for tax purposes while owning shares or ADSs and then disposes of those shares or ADSs while not
a UK resident may become subject to UK tax on capital gains if he/she:
•     had sole UK residence in the UK tax year preceding his/her departure from the UK;
•     had sole UK residence at any time during at least four of the seven UK tax years preceding his/her year of departure from the UK; and
•     subsequently becomes treated as having sole UK residence again before five complete UK tax years of non-UK residence have elapsed from the
      date he/she left the UK.

In this situation US holders will generally be entitled to claim US tax paid on such a disposition as a credit against any corresponding UK tax payable.

                                                                             245
UK inheritance tax
Under the current UK–US Estate and Gift Tax Treaty, ordinary shares or ADSs held by a US holder who is domiciled for the purposes of the UK–US
Estate and Gift Tax Treaty in the US, and is not for the purposes of the UK–US Estate and Gift Tax Treaty a national of the UK, will generally not be
subject to UK inheritance tax on the individual’s death or on a chargeable gift of the ordinary shares or ADSs during the individual’s lifetime, provided
that any applicable US federal gift or estate tax liability is paid. The position as previously set out will not apply to ordinary shares or ADSs which:
(a) are part of the business property of a permanent establishment of the individual in the UK; or (b) in the case of a shareholder who performs
independent personal services, pertain to a fixed base situated in the UK. Where the ordinary shares or ADSs have been placed in trust by a settlor who,
at the time of settlement, was a US resident shareholder, the ordinary shares or ADSs will generally not be subject to UK inheritance tax unless the
settlor, at the time of settlement, was not domiciled in the US and was a UK national. In the exceptional case where the ordinary shares or ADSs are
subject to both UK inheritance tax and US federal gift or estate tax, the UK–US Estate and Gift Tax Treaty generally provides for double taxation to be
relieved by means of credit relief.


UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax
Under applicable legislation, UK stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax (SDRT) is, subject to certain exemptions, payable on any issue or transfer of
shares to the Depositary or their nominee where those shares are for inclusion in the ADR program at a rate of 1.5 per cent of their price (if issued), the
amount of any consideration provided (if transferred on sale) or their value (if transferred for no consideration). This 1.5 per cent charge will not
generally be payable on the issue or transfer of shares to the Depository or their nominee where, for SDRT purposes, the shares are in a non-UK
incorporated company and, for stamp duty purposes, the instrument of transfer is executed and remains at all times outside the UK.

Similarly, no SDRT should be payable on the transfer of an ordinary share to a person other than the Depository or their nominee or on the transfer of an
ADS. No UK stamp duty should be payable on the transfer of an ADS or an ordinary share provided that the instrument of transfer is executed and
remains at all times outside the UK. Where it is payable, the relevant rate is currently 0.5 per cent of the amount payable for the shares. The purchaser
normally pays the stamp duty or SDRT.

Special rules apply to transactions involving intermediates and stock lending.

                                                                            246
10     Glossary
10.1    Mining-related terms
3D
Three dimensional.


AIG
The Australian Institute of Geoscientists.


Anth (Anthracite)
Coal of high rank with the highest carbon content.


APEGS
Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Saskatchewan.


ASPB
Alberta Society of Professional Biologists


AusIMM
The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.


Beneficiation
The process of physically separating ore from waste material prior to subsequent processing of the improved ore.


Bituminous
Coal of intermediate rank with relatively high carbon content.


Block cave
An area resulting from an underground mining method where the orebody is undermined to make it collapse under its own weight.


Brownfield
The development or exploration located inside the area of influence of existing mine operations which can share infrastructure/management.


Coal Reserves
Equivalent to mineral reserves, but specifically concerning coal.


Coal Resources
Equivalent to mineral resources, but specifically concerning coal.


Coking coal
Used in the manufacture of coke, which is used in the steelmaking process by virtue of its carbonisation properties. Coking coal may also be referred to
as metallurgical coal.


Copper cathode
Electrolytically refined copper that has been deposited on the cathode of an electrolytic bath of acidified copper sulphate solution. The refined copper
may also be produced through leaching and electrowinning.


Cut-off grade
Cut-off grade is the grade (i.e., the concentration of metal or mineral in rock) that determines the destination of the material during mining. For purposes
of establishing “prospects of economic extraction,” the cut-off grade is the grade that distinguishes material deemed to have no economic value (it will
not be mined in underground mining or if mined in surface mining, its destination will be the waste dump) from material deemed to have economic
value (its ultimate destination during mining will be a processing facility). Other terms used in similar fashion as cut-off grade include net smelter
return, pay limit, and break-even stripping ratio.


Development stage
Development stage, as used in “Additional Information—Information on mining operations”, refers to a property that has mineral reserves disclosed,
pursuant to S-K 1300, but no material extraction.

                                                                            247
Electrowinning/electrowon
An electrochemical process in which metal is recovered by dissolving a metal within an electrolyte and plating it onto an electrode.


Energy coal
Used as a fuel source in electrical power generation, cement manufacture and various industrial applications. Energy coal may also be referred to as
steaming or thermal coal.


Exploration stage
Exploration stage, as used in “Additional Information—Information on mining operations”, refers to a property that has no mineral reserves disclosed.


First Principles
First principles refers to building up the costs for a piece of work considering all the parts and activities needed to put it together.


Flotation
A method of selectively recovering minerals from finely ground ore using a froth created in water by specific reagents. In the flotation process, certain
mineral particles are induced to float by becoming attached to bubbles of froth and the unwanted mineral particles sink.


Grade or Quality
Any physical or chemical measurement of the characteristics of the material of interest in samples or product.


Greenfield
The development or exploration located outside the area of influence of existing mine operations/infrastructure.


Hypogene Sulphide
Hypogene mineralisation is formed by fluids at high temperature and pressure derived from magmatic activity. Copper in Hypogene Sulphide is mainly
provident from the copper bearing mineral chalcopyrite and higher metal recoveries are achieved via grinding/flotation concentration processes.


Indicated mineral resource
Indicated mineral resources is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of adequate geological
evidence and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with an indicated mineral resource is sufficient to allow a Qualified Person to apply
modifying factors in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Because an indicated mineral
resource has a lower level of confidence than the level of confidence of a measured mineral resource, an indicated mineral resource may only be
converted to a probable mineral reserve.


Inferred mineral resources
Inferred mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological
evidence and sampling. The level of geological uncertainty associated with an inferred mineral resource is too high to apply relevant technical and
economic factors likely to influence the prospects of economic extraction in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability. Because an inferred
mineral resource has the lowest level of geological confidence of all mineral resources, which prevents the application of the modifying factors in a
manner useful for evaluation of economic viability, an inferred mineral resource may not be considered when assessing the economic viability of a
mining project, and may not be converted to a mineral reserve.


In situ
Situated in the original place.


Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC) Code
A set of minimum standards, recommendations and guidelines for public reporting in Australasia of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves. The guidelines are defined by the Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC), which is sponsored by the Australian mining industry
and its professional organisations.


Leaching
The process by which a soluble metal can be economically recovered from minerals in ore by dissolution.

                                                                              248
LOI (loss on ignition)
A measure of the percentage of volatile matter (liquid or gas) contained within a mineral or rock. LOI is determined to calculate loss in mass when
subjected to high temperatures.


Marketable Coal Reserves
Tonnes of coal available, at specified moisture content and air-dried qualities, for sale after the beneficiation of Coal Reserves.


Material of economic interest
Material of economic interest when used in the context of mineral resource determination, includes mineralization, including dumps and tailings,
mineral brines, and other resources extracted on or within the earth’s crust. It does not include oil and gas resources resulting from oil and gas producing
activities, gases (e.g. helium and carbon dioxide), geothermal fields, and water.


MAusIMM
Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.


Measured mineral resource
Measured mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive geological
evidence and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with a measured mineral resource is sufficient to allow a Qualified Person to apply
modifying factors, as defined in this section, in sufficient detail to support detailed mine planning and final evaluation of the economic viability of the
deposit. Because a measured mineral resource has a higher level of confidence than the level of confidence of either an indicated mineral resource or an
inferred mineral resource, a measured mineral resource may be converted to a proven mineral reserve or to a probable mineral reserve.


Metallurgical coal
A broader term than coking coal, which includes all coals used in steelmaking, such as coal used for the pulverised coal injection process.


Mine Gate
The location at which the product is transferred from the mining operation on to the next stage, either for further off-site processing or distribution to
customers as a saleable product.


Mineral resource
Mineral resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth’s crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity
that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant
factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions,
is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled.


Mineral reserve
Mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the Qualified Person,
can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource,
which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted.


Mineralisation
Any single mineral or combination of minerals occurring in a mass, or deposit, of economic interest.


Mixed (ore type)
Refer to Transitional Sulphide.


Modifying Factors
Modifying factors are the factors that a qualified person must apply to indicated and measured mineral resources and then evaluate in order to establish
the economic viability of mineral reserves. A Qualified Person must apply and evaluate modifying factors to convert measured and indicated mineral
resources to proven and probable mineral reserves. These factors include, but are not restricted to: Mining; processing; metallurgical; infrastructure;
economic; marketing; legal; environmental compliance; plans, negotiations, or agreements with local individuals or groups; and governmental factors.
The number, type and specific characteristics of the modifying factors applied will necessarily be a function of and depend upon the mineral, mine,
property, or project.

                                                                             249
Nominated production rate
The approved average production rate for the remainder of the life-of-asset plan or five-year plan production rate if significantly different to life-of-asset
production rate.


Open-cut (OC)
Surface working in which the working area is kept open to the sky.


PCI
Pulverised coal injection.


Probable mineral reserve
Probable mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some cases, a measured mineral resource.


Production stage
Production stage, as used in “Additional Information—Information on mining operations”, refers to a property with material extraction of mineral
reserves.


Proven mineral reserve
Proven mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of a measured mineral resource and can only result from conversion of a measured mineral
resource.


Qualified Person
Defined by US SEC as an individual who is both (1) a mineral industry professional with at least five years of relevant experience in the type of
mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and in the specific type of activity that person is undertaking on behalf of the registrant; and
(2) an eligible member or licensee in good standing of a recognised professional organisation at the time the technical report is prepared.


ROM (run of mine)
Run of mine product mined in the course of regular mining activities. Tonnes include allowances for diluting materials and for losses that occur when
the material is mined.


Slag
A by-product of smelting after the desired metal has been extracted from its ore.


Smelting
The process of extracting metal from its ore by heating and melting.


Solvent extraction
A method of separating one or more metals from a leach solution by treating with a solvent that will extract the required metal, leaving the others. The
metal is recovered from the solvent by further treatment.


Stockpile
An accumulation of ore or mineral built up when demand slackens or when the treatment plant or beneficiation equipment is incomplete or temporarily
unable to process the mine output; any heap of material formed to create a buffer for loading or other purposes or material dug and piled for future use.


Sub-level cave
An area within an underground mine which uses the sub-level cave method. This is where an ore body is extracted from the upper horizons first and
mining progresses downwards level by level.


Supergene Sulphide
Supergene is a term used to describe near-surface processes and their products, formed at low temperature and pressure by the activity of meteoric or
surface water. Copper in Supergene Sulphide is mainly provident from the copper bearing minerals chalcocite and covellite and is amenable to both
grinding/flotation concentration and leaching processes.

                                                                             250
Tailings
Those portions of washed or milled ore that are too poor to be treated further or remain after the required metals and minerals have been extracted.


Total resources
The sum of inferred, indicated and measured mineral resources.


Total reserves
The sum of proved and probable mineral reserves.


Transitional Sulphide
Transitional Sulphide is a term used to describe the zone of mineralisation that is a gradation between Supergene Sulphide and Hypogene Sulphide
resulting from the incomplete development of the former as it overprints the latter. This results in a more irregular distribution of the three main copper
bearing minerals and is amenable to both grinding/flotation concentration and leaching processes.


Troy oz
Troy ounce is a unit of measure of precious metals.


Underground (UG)
Below the surface mining activities.


Wet tonnes
Production is usually quoted in terms of wet metric tonnes (wmt). To adjust from wmt to dry metric tonnes (dmt) a factor is applied based on moisture
content.

                                                                            251
10.2 Terms used in reserves and resources

Ag                 silver
AI2O3              alumina
Anth               anthracite
Ash                inorganic material remaining after combustion
Au                 gold
Cu                 copper
CV                 calorific value
Fe                 iron
Insol.             insolubles
K2O                potassium oxide
KCl                potassium chloride
KCl.MgCl2.6H2O     carnallite
LOI                loss on ignition
LPL                Lower Patience Lake (stratigraphic unit)
Met                metallurgical coal
MgO                magnesium oxide
Mo                 molybdenum
Ni                 nickel
P                  phosphorous
Pc                 phosphorous in concentrate
PCI                pulverised coal injection
S                  sulphur
SCu                soluble copper
SiO2               silica
TCu                total copper
Th                 thermal coal
U3O8               uranium oxide
VM                 volatile matter
Yield              the percentage of material of interest that is extracted during mining and/or processing
Zn                 zinc

                                                                      252
10.3   Units of measure

%                   percentage or per cent
dmt                 dry metric tonne
g/t                 grams per tonne
ha                  hectare
kcal/kg             kilocalories per kilogram
kg/tonne or kg/t    kilograms per tonne
km                  kilometre
koz                 thousand troy ounces
kt                  kilotonnes
ktpa                kilotonnes per annum
ktpd                kilotonnes per day
kV                  kilovolt
kW                  kilowatt
kWh                 kilowatt hour
lb                  pound
m                   metre
m3                  cubic metre
ML                  megalitre
Mt                  million tonnes
Mtpa                million tonnes per annum
MW                  megawatt
oz                  ounce
ppm                 parts per million
scf                 standard cubic feet
t                   tonne
TW                  terawatt
TWh                 terawatt hour
tpa                 tonnes per annum
tpd                 tonnes per day
t/h                 tonnes per hour
wmt                 wet metric tonnes

                                                253
10.4     Other terms
AASB (Australian Accounting Standards Board)
Accounting standards as issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board.


Activity data
A quantitative measure of a level of activity that results in greenhouse gas emissions. Activity data is multiplied by an energy and/or emissions factor to
derive the energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions associated with a process or an operation. Examples of activity data include kilowatt-hours
of electricity used, quantity of fuel used, output of a process, hours equipment is operated, distance travelled and floor area of a building.


ADR (American Depositary Receipt)
An instrument evidencing American Depositary Shares or ADSs, which trades on a stock exchange in the United States.


ADS (American Depositary Share)
A share issued under a deposit agreement that has been created to permit US-resident investors to hold shares in non-US companies and, if listed, trade
them on the stock exchanges in the United States.

ADSs are evidenced by American Depositary Receipts, or ADRs, which are the instruments that, if listed, trade on a stock exchange in the United States.


ASIC (Australian Securities and Investments Commission)
The Australian Government agency that enforces laws relating to companies, securities, financial services and credit in order to protect consumers,
investors and creditors.


Assets
Assets are a set of one or more geographically proximate operations (including open-cut mines and underground mines). Assets include our operated and
non-operated assets


Asset groups
We group our assets into geographic regions in order to provide effective governance and accelerate performance improvement. Minerals assets are
grouped under Minerals Australia or Minerals Americas based on their geographic location.


ASX (Australian Securities Exchange)
ASX is a multi-asset class vertically integrated exchange group that functions as a market operator, clearing house and payments system facilitator. It
oversees compliance with its operating rules, promotes standards of corporate governance among Australia’s listed companies and helps educate retail
investors.


BHP
BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries.


BHP Group Limited
BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries.


BHP Group Limited share
A fully paid ordinary share in the capital of BHP Group Limited.

                                                                           254
BHP Group Limited shareholders
The holders of BHP Group Limited shares.


BHP Group Limited Special Voting Share
A single voting share issued to facilitate joint voting by shareholders of BHP Group Limited on Joint Electorate Actions (prior to unification of the DLC
structure).


BHP Group Plc
BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) and its subsidiaries.


BHP Group Plc share
A fully paid ordinary share in the capital of BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd).


BHP Group Plc shareholders
The holders of BHP Group Plc shares (prior to unification of the DLC structure).


BHP Group Plc Special Voting Share
A single voting share issued to facilitate joint voting by shareholders of BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) on Joint Electorate
Actions (prior to unification of the DLC structure).


BHP Group (UK) Ltd
BHP Group (UK) Ltd (formerly known as BHP Group Plc) and its subsidiaries.


BHP shareholders
In the context of BHP’s financial results, BHP shareholders refers to the holders of shares in BHP Group Limited.


Board
The Board of Directors of BHP.


Carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2-e)
The universal unit of measurement to indicate the global warming potential (GWP) of each greenhouse gas, expressed in terms of the GWP of one unit
of carbon dioxide. It is used to evaluate releasing (or avoiding releasing) different greenhouse gases against a common basis.


Carbon neutral
Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.


Carbon offsets
The central purpose of a carbon offset for an organisation is to substitute for internal GHG emission reductions. Offsets may be generated through
projects in which GHG emissions are avoided, reduced, removed from the atmosphere or permanently stored (sequestration). Carbon offsets are
generally created and independently verified in accordance with either a voluntary program or under a regulatory program. The purchaser of a carbon
offset can ‘retire’ or ‘surrender’ it to claim the underlying reduction towards their own GHG emissions reduction targets or goals or to meet legal
obligations.

                                                                           255
CEO Water Mandate
The CEO Water Mandate is a UN Global Compact initiative that mobilises business leaders on water, sanitation, and the Sustainable Development
Goals. Endorsers of the CEO Water Mandate commit to continuous progress against six core elements of stewardship and in so doing understand and
manage their own water risks. Companies that endorse the Mandate agree to continuous improvement in six core areas of their water stewardship
practice: Direct Operations, Supply Chain & Watershed Management, Collective Action, Public Policy, Community Engagement and Transparency.
BHP is an active signatory of the Mandate.


Commercial
Our Commercial function seeks to maximise commercial and social value across our end-to-end supply chain. It provides effective and efficient service
levels to our assets and customers through world-class insights and market intelligence, deep subject-matter expertise, simple processes and centralised
standard activities. The function is organised around the core activities in our inbound and outbound value chains, supported by credit and market risk
management, and strategy and planning activities.


Company
BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries.


Continuing operations
Assets/operations/entities that are owned and/or operated by BHP, excluding assets/operations/entities classified as Discontinued Operations.


Convention of Biological Diversity
The Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) is the international legal instrument for ‘the conservation of biological diversity, the sustainable use of
its components and the fair and equitable sharing of the benefits arising out of the utilization of genetic resources’ that has been ratified by 196 nations.


CQCA
Central Queensland Coal Associates.


Discontinued operations
Assets/operations/entities that have either been disposed of or are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5/AASB 5 Non-current Assets Held
for Sale and Discontinued Operations.


Dividend record date
The date, determined by a company’s board of directors, by when an investor must be recorded as an owner of shares in order to qualify for a
forthcoming dividend.


DLC (Dual Listed Company)
BHP’s Dual Listed Company structure had two parent companies (BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd))
operating as a single economic entity as a result of the DLC merger. The DLC structure was unified on 31 January 2022


DLC Dividend Share
A share to enable a dividend to be paid by BHP Group Plc to BHP Group Limited or by BHP Group Limited to BHP Group Plc (as applicable) prior to
unification of the DLC structure


DLC merger
The Dual Listed Company merger between BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc (now known as BHP Group (UK) Ltd) on 29 June 2001.


ECR
BHP’s Economic Contribution Report for the year ended 30 June 2022.


ELT (Executive Leadership Team)
The Executive Leadership Team directly reports to the Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for the day-to-day management of BHP and leading
the delivery of our strategic objectives.


Emission factor
A factor that converts activity data into greenhouse gas emissions data (e.g. kgCO2-e emitted per GJ of fuel consumed, kg CO2-e emitted per KWh of
electricity used).


Energy
Energy means all forms of energy products where ‘energy products’ means combustible fuels, heat, renewable energy, electricity, or any other form of
energy from operations that are owned or controlled by BHP. The primary sources of energy consumption come from fuel consumed by haul trucks at
our operated assets, as well as purchased electricity used at our operated assets.

                                                                             256
Energy content factor
The energy content of a fuel is an inherent chemical property that is a function of the number and types of chemical bonds in the fuel.


Entrained water
Entrained water includes water incorporated into product and/or waste streams, such as tailings, that cannot be easily recovered.


Equity share approach
A consolidation approach whereby a company accounts for greenhouse gas emissions from operations according to its share of equity in the operation.
The equity share reflects economic interest, which is the extent of rights a company has to the risks and rewards flowing from an operation. Also see the
definition for ‘Operational control approach’.


Executive KMP (Key Management Personnel)
Executive KMP includes the Executive Director (our CEO), the Chief Financial Officer, the President Operations (Minerals Australia), the President
Operations (Minerals Americas), and the Senior Executive Officer (President Petroleum until 31 May). It does not include the Non-Executive Directors
(our Board).


Financial control approach
A consolidation approach whereby a company reports greenhouse gas emissions based on the accounting treatment in the company’s consolidated
financial statements, as follows:
•     100 per cent for operations accounted for as subsidiaries, regardless of the equity interest owned
•     for operations accounted for as a joint operation, the company’s interest in the operations

It does not report greenhouse gas emissions from operations that are accounted for using the equity method in the company’s financial statements.


Functions
Functions operate along global reporting lines to provide support to all areas of the organisation. Functions have specific accountabilities and deep
expertise such as finance, legal, governance, technology, human resources, corporate affairs, health, safety and community.


Gearing ratio
The ratio of net debt to net debt plus net assets.

GHG (greenhouse gas)
For BHP reporting purposes, these are the aggregate anthropogenic carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4),
nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF6). Nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) GHG emissions
are currently not relevant for BHP reporting purposes.


Global goal for nature
The global goal for nature defines what is needed to halt and reverse today’s catastrophic loss of nature. It is supported by a number of organisations that
ask governments to adopt the goal at the international level, which each country, the private sector, communities and others can contribute to achieving.


Goal (in respect of greenhouse gas emissions)
An ambition to seek an outcome for which there is no current pathway(s), but for which efforts will be pursued towards addressing that challenge,
subject to certain assumptions or conditions.


GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)
GRI works with businesses and governments to understand and communicate their impact on critical sustainability issues.


Groundwater
Water beneath the earth’s surface, including beneath the seabed, which fills pores or cracks between porous media such as soil, rock, coal, and sand,
often forming aquifers. Groundwater may be abstracted for use from bore fields or accessed via dewatering to access ore. For accounting purposes,
water that is entrained in the ore can be considered as groundwater.


Group
BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries.

                                                                            257
GWP (global warming potential)
A factor describing the radiative forcing impact (degree of harm to the atmosphere) of one unit of a given greenhouse gas relative to one unit of CO2.
BHP currently uses GWP from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report 5 (AR5) based on a 100-year timeframe.


HPI (high-potential injuries)
High-potential injuries (HPI) are recordable injuries and first aid cases where there was the potential for a fatality.


ICMM (International Council on Mining and Metals)
The International Council on Mining and Metals is an international organisation dedicated to a safe, fair and sustainable mining and metals industry.


IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards)
Accounting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.


IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change)
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is the United Nations body for assessing the science related to climate change.


IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature)
The International Union for Conservation of Nature is an international organisation working in the field of nature conservation and sustainable use of
natural resources.


KMP (Key Management Personnel)
Key Management Personnel (KMP) includes the roles which have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of
BHP. These are Non-executive Directors, the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the President Minerals Australia, the President Minerals Americas and
the Senior Executive Officer (i.e. President Petroleum until 31 May 2022).


KPI (key performance indicator)
Used to measure the performance of the Group, individual businesses and executives in any one year.


Legacy assets
Legacy assets refer to those BHP-operated assets, or part thereof, located in the Americas that are in the closure phase.


LME (London Metal Exchange)
A major futures exchange for the trading of industrial metals.


Location-based reporting
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions based on average energy generation emission factors for defined geographic locations, including local, subnational,
or national boundaries (i.e. grid factors). In the case of a direct line transfer, the location-based emissions are equivalent to the market-based emissions.


Market-based reporting
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions based on the generators (and therefore the generation fuel mix from which the reporter contractually purchases
electricity and/or is directly provided electricity via a direct line transfer).


Nature positive
A high-level goal and concept describing a future state of nature (e.g. biodiversity, ecosystem services and natural capital) which is greater than the
current state. This definition comes from the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) Framework – Beta release v0.1.


Net zero (for a BHP greenhouse gas goal, target or pathway, or similar)
Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as governed by BHP’s approach to carbon offsetting described at bhp.com/climate.


Net zero (for industry sectors, the global economy, transition or future, or similar)
Net zero refers to a state in which the greenhouse gases (as defined in this Glossary) going into the atmosphere are balanced by removal out of the
atmosphere.

                                                                              258
NGER (National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Scheme)
The Australian National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) scheme is a single national framework for reporting and disseminating company
information about greenhouse gas emissions, energy production, energy consumption and other information specified under NGER legislation.


Nickel intermediates
Concentrate, matte, residue, and mix sulphide.


Non-operated asset/non-operated joint venture (NOJV)
Non-operated assets/non-operated joint ventures include interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated by BHP. References in this
Annual Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP. Such references are not
intended to characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.


Occupational illness
An illness that occurs as a consequence of work-related activities or exposure. It includes acute or chronic illnesses or diseases, which may be caused by
inhalation, absorption, ingestion or direct contact.


OELs (occupational exposure limits)
An occupational exposure limit is an upper limit on the acceptable concentration of a hazardous substance in workplace air for a particular material or
class of materials. OELs may also be set for exposure to physical agents such as noise, vibration or radiation.


OFR
BHP’s Operating and Financial Review for the year ended 30 June 2022.


Onshore US
BHP’s Petroleum asset (divested in the year ended 30 June 2019) in four US shale areas (Eagle Ford, Permian, Haynesville and Fayetteville), where we
produced oil, condensate, gas and natural gas liquids.


Operated assets
Operated assets include assets that are wholly owned and operated by BHP and assets that are owned as a joint venture and operated by BHP. References
in this Annual Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP. Such references are
not intended to characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.


Operational control approach
A consolidation approach whereby a company accounts for 100 per cent of the greenhouse gas emissions over which it has operational control (a
company is considered to have operational control over an operation if it or one of its subsidiaries has the full authority to introduce and implement its
operating policies at the operation). It does not account for greenhouse gas emissions from operations in which it owns an interest but does not have
operational control. Also see the definition for ‘Equity share approach’.


Operations
Open-cut mines, underground mines and processing facilities.


Other (with respect to water consumption volumes)
This includes water volumes used for purposes such as potable water consumption and amenity facilities at our operated assets.


Paris Agreement
The Paris Agreement is an agreement between countries party to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC) to strengthen
efforts to combat climate change and adapt to its effects, with enhanced support to assist developing countries to do so.


Aims of the Paris Agreement
The central objective of the Paris Agreement is its long-term temperature goal to hold global average temperature increase to well below 2°C above
pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.


Paris-aligned
Aligned to the Paris Agreement goals.

                                                                            259
Petroleum (asset group)
A group of oil and gas assets (see ‘Asset groups’) formerly operated by BHP before its merger with Woodside in June 2022. Petroleum’s core production
operations were located in the US Gulf of Mexico, Australia and Trinidad and Tobago. Petroleum produced crude oil and condensate, gas and natural
gas liquids.


PPE (personal protective equipment)
PPE means anything used or worn to minimise risk to worker’s health and safety, including air supplied respiratory equipment.


Residual mix
The mix of energy generation resources and associated attributes such as greenhouse gas emissions in a defined geographic boundary left after
contractual instruments have been claimed/retired/cancelled. The residual mix can provide an emission factor for companies without contractual
instruments to use in a market-based method calculation. A residual mix is currently unavailable to account for voluntary purchases and this may result
in double counting between electricity consumers.


SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board)
The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board is a non-profit organisation that develops standards focused on the financial impacts of sustainability.


Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions are direct emissions from operations that are owned or controlled by the reporting company. For BHP, these are
primarily emissions from fuel consumed by haul trucks at our operated assets, as well as fugitive methane emissions from coal and petroleum
production at our operated assets.


Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat or cooling that is
consumed by operations that are owned or controlled by the reporting company. BHP’s Scope 2 emissions have been calculated using the market-based
method unless otherwise specified.


Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions are all other indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the reporting company’s value chain. For BHP,
these are primarily emissions resulting from our customers using and processing the commodities we sell, as well as upstream emissions associated with
the extraction, production and transportation of the goods, services, fuels and energy we purchase for use at our operations; emissions resulting from the
transportation and distribution of our products; and operational emissions (on an equity basis) from our non-operated joint ventures.


SEC (United States Securities and Exchange Commission)
The US regulatory commission that aims to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly and efficient markets and facilitate capital formation.


Senior manager
An employee who has responsibility for planning, directing or controlling the activities of the entity or a strategically significant part of it. In the OFR,
senior manager includes senior leaders and any persons who are directors of any subsidiary company even if they are not senior leaders.


Shareplus
All-employee share purchase plan.


Social investment
Social investment is our voluntary contribution towards projects or donations with the primary purpose of contributing to the resilience of the
communities where we operate and the environment, aligned with our broader business priorities. BHP’s targeted level of contribution is 1 per cent of
pre-tax profit calculated on the average of the previous three years’ pre-tax profit as reported. For FY2023-FY2030, our social investment will be
assessed as a total over the seven-year goals period to FY2030, rather than calculated as an average of the previous three years’ pre-tax profit.


South32
During FY2015, BHP demerged a selection of our alumina, aluminium, coal, manganese, nickel, silver, lead and zinc assets into a new company –
South32 Limited.

                                                                             260
Surface water
All water naturally open to the atmosphere, including rivers, lakes and creeks and external water dams but excluding water from oceans, seas and
estuaries (e.g. precipitation and runoff, including snow and hail).


Target (in respect of greenhouse gas emissions)
An intended outcome in relation to which we have identified one or more pathways for delivery of that outcome, subject to certain assumptions or
conditions.


Third-party water
Water supplied by an entity external to the operational facility. Third-party water may contains water from three sources, surface water, groundwater and
seawater.


Tier 1 asset
An asset that we believe is large, long life and low cost.


TRIF (total recordable injury frequency)
The sum of (fatalities + lost-time cases + restricted work cases + medical treatment cases) x 1,000,000 ÷ actual hours worked.

Stated in units of per million hours worked. BHP adopts the US Government Occupational Safety and Health Administration guidelines for the
recording and reporting of occupational injury and illnesses. TRIF statistics exclude non-operated assets.


TSR (total shareholder return)
TSR measures the return delivered to shareholders over a certain period through the movements in share price and dividends paid (which are assumed to
be reinvested). It is the measure used to compare BHP’s performance to that of other relevant companies under the Long-Term Incentive Plan.


Underlying attributable profit
Profit/(loss) after taxation attributable to BHP shareholders excluding any exceptional items attributable to BHP shareholders as described in Financial
Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’. For more information refer to OFR 11.


Underlying EBIT
Earnings before net finance costs, taxation expense, Discontinued operations and any exceptional items. Underlying EBIT includes BHP’s share of
profit/(loss) from investments accounted for using the equity method including net finance costs and taxation expense/(benefit). For more information
refer to OFR 11.


Underlying EBITDA
Earnings before net finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairments, taxation expense, Discontinued operations and exceptional items.
Underlying EBITDA includes BHP’s share of profit/(loss) from investments accounted for using the equity method including net finance costs,
depreciation, amortisation and impairments and taxation expense/(benefit). For more information refer to OFR 11.


Unification
The unification of BHP’s corporate structure under BHP Group Limited as effected on 31 January 2022.


Unit costs
One of the financial measures BHP uses to monitor the performance of individual assets. Unit costs are calculated as ratio of net costs of the assets to the
equity share of sales tonnage. Net costs is defined as revenue less Underlying EBITDA excluding freight and other costs, depending on the nature of
each asset. Western Australia Iron Ore, Queensland Coal and New South Wales Energy Coal unit costs exclude government royalties; Escondida unit
costs exclude by-product credits.


United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), also known as the Global Goals, were adopted by the United Nations in 2015 as a universal call to action
to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure that by 2030 all people enjoy peace and prosperity.


WAF (Water Accounting Framework)
The Water Accounting Framework is a common mining and metals industry approach to water accounting in Australia.

                                                                            261
Water quality – Type 1
Water of high quality that would require minimal (if any) treatment to meet drinking water standards. This water is considered high-quality/high-grade
in the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) ‘Good Practice Guide’ (2nd Edition) (2021).


Water quality – Type 2
Water of medium quality that would require moderate treatment to meet drinking water standards (it may have a high salinity threshold of no higher than
5,000 milligrams per litre total dissolved solids and other individual constituents). This water is considered high-quality/high-grade in the International
Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) ‘Good Practice Guide’ (2nd Edition) (2021).


Water quality – Type 3
Water of low quality that would require significant treatment to meet drinking water standards. It may have individual constituents with high values of
total dissolved solids, elevated levels of metals or extreme levels of pH. This type of water also includes seawater. This water is considered
low-quality/low-grade in the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) ‘Good Practice Guide’ (2nd Edition) (2021).


WRSA (Water Resource Situational Analysis)
A Water Resource Situational Analysis (WRSA) is a holistic assessment of the water situation where an asset operates. The process is designed to
describe the water challenges that stakeholders share and the opportunities for collective action to address those challenges. The WRSA is prepared by a
credible third-party and draws on publicly available information and direct stakeholder input. Within a defined area that includes the water resources that
BHP interacts, each WRSA includes assessment of:
•     the sustainability of the volume and quality of the water resources, taking into account interactions of all other parties and any related
      environmental, social or cultural values and climate change forecasts
•     the state of water infrastructure, water access, sanitation and hygiene of local communities
•     the environmental health of the water catchments that feed the water resources taking into account the extent of vegetation, runoff, and any
      conservation of the area
•     external water governance arrangements and their effectiveness

                                                                            262
Exhibits
Exhibits marked “*” have been filed as exhibits to this annual report on Form 20-F. Remaining exhibits have been incorporated by reference as
indicated.

Exhibit 1        Constitution
*1.1             Constitution of BHP Group Limited, incorporating the amendments approved by shareholders at the 2022 General Meeting of BHP
                 Group Limited on 20 January 2022

Exhibit 2        Securities
*2.1             Description of Securities

Exhibit 4        Material Contracts
*4.1             Form of Service Agreement for Specified Executive (referred to in this Annual Report as the Key Management Personnel)
*4.2             BHP Billiton Ltd Long Term Incentive Plan Rules, approved November 2013 (as amended in July 2018)
4.3              Framework Agreement entered into on 2 March 2016 between Samarco Mineração S.A., Vale S.A. and BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda, the
                 Federal Government of Brazil, the states of Espirito Santo and Minas Gerais and certain other public authorities in Brazil1

Exhibit 8        List of Subsidiaries
*8.1             List of subsidiaries of BHP Group Limited

Exhibit 12       Certifications (section 302)
*12.1            Certification by Chief Executive Officer, Mr Mike Henry, dated 6 September 2022
*12.2            Certification by Chief Financial Officer, Mr David Lamont, dated 6 September 2022

Exhibit 13       Certifications (section 906)
*13.1            Certification by Chief Executive Officer, Mr Mike Henry, dated 6 September 2022
*13.2            Certification by Chief Financial Officer, Mr David Lamont, dated 6 September 2022

Exhibit 15       Consents
*15.1            Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting firms Ernst & Young for incorporation by reference of audit reports in registration
                 statements on Form S-8
*15.2            Consents of Qualified Persons for Technical Report Summary for Minera Escondida Limitada
*15.3            Consents of Qualified Persons for Technical Report Summary for Western Australia Iron Ore
*15.4            Consents of Qualified Persons for Technical Report Summary for Jansen Potash Project

Exhibit 96       Technical Report Summaries
*96.1            Technical Report Summary for Minera Escondida Limitada
*96.2            Technical Report Summary for Western Australia Iron Ore
*96.3            Technical Report Summary for Jansen Potash Project

Exhibit 101      Interactive Data File
*101.INS         Inline XBRL Instance Document—this instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags embedded
                 within the Inline XBRL document
*101.SCH         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
*101.CAL         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
*101.DEF         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
*101.LAB         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
*101.PRE         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

Exhibit 104      Cover Page Interactive Data File
*104             Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Footnotes
1       Previously filed as an exhibit to BHP’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 30 June 2016 on 21 September 2016.

                                                                           263
SIGNATURE
The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorised the undersigned to
sign this annual report on its behalf.

BHP Group Limited


/s/ David Lamont
David Lamont
Chief Financial Officer
Date: 6 September 2022

                                                                            264
Financial Statements
1      Consolidated Financial Statements                                                             F-2
       1.1 Consolidated Income Statement                                                             F-2
       1.2 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                            F-3
       1.3 Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                F-4
       1.4 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                                          F-5
       1.5 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                               F-6
       1.6 Notes to the Financial Statements                                                        F-12
1A     Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Auditor Firm ID: 1435)             F-78
2      Directors’ declaration                                                                       F-83
3      Not required for US reporting                                                                F-84
4      Included as section 1A                                                                       F-84

Notes to the Financial Statements                                                                   F-12
Performance                                                                                         F-12
1     Segment reporting                                                                             F-12
2     Revenue                                                                                       F-15
3     Exceptional items                                                                             F-16
4     Significant events – Samarco dam failure                                                      F-19
5     Expenses and other income                                                                     F-25
6     Income tax expense                                                                            F-26
7     Earnings per share                                                                            F-29
Working capital                                                                                     F-30
8    Trade and other receivables                                                                    F-30
9    Trade and other payables                                                                       F-31
10   Inventories                                                                                    F-31
Resource assets                                                                                     F-32
11    Property, plant and equipment                                                                 F-32
12    Intangible assets                                                                             F-35
13    Impairment of non-current assets                                                              F-36
14    Deferred tax balances                                                                         F-39
15    Closure and rehabilitation provisions                                                         F-41
Capital Structure                                                                                   F-44
16    Share capital                                                                                 F-44
17    Other equity                                                                                  F-46
18    Dividends                                                                                     F-48
19    Provisions for dividends and other liabilities                                                F-48
Financial Management                                                                                F-49
20    Net debt                                                                                      F-49
21    Leases                                                                                        F-51
22    Net finance costs                                                                             F-54
23    Financial risk management                                                                     F-55
Employee matters                                                                                    F-62
24   Key management personnel                                                                       F-62
25   Employee share ownership plans                                                                 F-62
26   Employee benefits, restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits provisions              F-66
Group and related party information                                                                 F-68
27   Discontinued operations                                                                        F-68
28   Subsidiaries                                                                                   F-70
29   Investments accounted for using the equity method                                              F-71
30   Interests in joint operations                                                                  F-74
31   Related party transactions                                                                     F-75
Unrecognised items and uncertain events                                                             F-76
32   Contingent liabilities                                                                         F-76
33   Subsequent events                                                                              F-76
Other items                                                                                         F-77
34    Auditor’s remuneration                                                                        F-77
35    Not required for US reporting                                                                 F-77
36    Not required for US reporting                                                                 F-77
37    New and amended accounting standards and interpretations and changes to accounting policies   F-77
About these Financial Statements
Reporting entity
BHP Group Limited, an incorporated Australian-listed company, and BHP Group Plc, an incorporated UK-listed company, formed a Dual Listed
Company (DLC) until 31 January 2022. Under the DLC structure BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and their subsidiaries operated together as a
single for-profit economic entity with a common Board of Directors, unified management structure and joint objectives. On 31 January 2022, BHP
unified its corporate structure under BHP Group Limited, and subsequently BHP Group Plc changed its name to BHP Group (UK) Ltd. Throughout the
Consolidated Financial Statements (the Financial Statements), the collective contributions of the aforementioned entities are referred to as ‘BHP’ or ‘the
Group’, regardless of the DLC or unified corporate structure.

Group and related party information is presented in note 31 ‘Related party transactions’ to the Financial Statements. This details transactions between
the Group’s subsidiaries, associates, joint arrangements and other related parties. The nature of the operations and principal activities of the Group are
described in the segment information (refer to note 1 ‘Segment reporting’ to the Financial Statements).


Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Directors of BHP have included information in this report they deem to be material and relevant to the understanding of the Financial Statements.
Disclosure may be considered material and relevant if the dollar amount is significant due to its size or nature, or the information is important to
understand the:
•     Group’s current year results
•     impact of significant changes in the Group’s business or
•     aspects of the Group’s operations that are important to future performance

On 22 November 2021, the Group and Woodside Energy Group Limited (‘Woodside’) signed a binding Share Sale Agreement (‘SSA’) for the merger of
the Group’s oil and gas portfolio with Woodside. While the merger had an economic effective date of 1 July 2021, the Group continued to control the
Petroleum assets and carry on business in the normal course for 11 months until 1 June 2022 (Completion Date). As such, the Group recognises its share
of revenue, expenses, net finance costs and associated income tax expense related to the Discontinued operation until the Completion Date. Comparative
periods have been adjusted for the effects of applying IFRS 5/AASB 5 ‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations’ to disclose the
Group’s Petroleum business on the same basis as the current period.

These Financial Statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 16 August 2022.

                                                                            F-1
1 Consolidated Financial Statements
1.1   Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                    2022       2021       2020
                                                                                                                   US$M        US$M       US$M
                                                                                                           Notes              Restated   Restated
Continuing operations
Revenue                                                                                                       2     65,098     56,921     38,924
Other income                                                                                                  5      1,398        380        720
Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                                          5    (32,371)   (30,871)   (25,453)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                                     29        (19)      (915)      (508)
Profit from operations                                                                                              34,106     25,515     13,683
Financial expenses                                                                                                  (1,050)    (1,290)    (1,192)
Financial income                                                                                                        81         67        334
Net finance costs                                                                                            22       (969)    (1,223)      (858)
Profit before taxation                                                                                              33,137     24,292     12,825
Income tax expense                                                                                                 (10,430)   (10,376)    (4,216)
Royalty-related taxation (net of income tax benefit)                                                                  (307)      (240)        19
Total taxation expense                                                                                         6   (10,737)   (10,616)    (4,197)
Profit after taxation from Continuing operations                                                                    22,400     13,676      8,628
Discontinued operations
Profit/(loss) after taxation from Discontinued operations                                                    27    10,655        (225)       108
Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                  33,055      13,451      8,736
     Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                      2,155       2,147        780
     Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                              30,900      11,304      7,956
Basic earnings per ordinary share (cents)                                                                      7    610.6       223.5      157.3
Diluted earnings per ordinary share (cents)                                                                    7    609.3       223.0      157.0
Basic earnings from Continuing operations per ordinary share (cents)                                           7    400.0       228.0      155.2
Diluted earnings from Continuing operations per ordinary share (cents)                                         7    399.2       227.5      154.8




                                         The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

                                                                       F-2
1.2   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                     2022      2021      2020
                                                                                                             Notes   US$M      US$M      US$M
Profit after taxation from Continuing and Discontinued operations                                                    33,055    13,451     8,736
Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement:
Hedges:
     (Losses)/gains taken to equity                                                                                    (914)      863     (315)
     Losses/(gains) transferred to the income statement                                                                 881      (837)     297
Exchange fluctuations on translation of foreign operations taken to equity                                               (5)        5        1
Exchange fluctuations on translation of foreign operations transferred to income statement                              (54)        –        –
Tax recognised within other comprehensive income                                                                 6       10        (8)       5
Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement                                               (82)       23      (12)
Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement:
Re-measurement gains/(losses) on pension and medical schemes                                                             24        58      (81)
Equity investments held at fair value                                                                                    (8)       (2)      (2)
Tax recognised within other comprehensive income                                                                 6       (9)      (20)      26
Total items that will not be reclassified to the income statement                                                         7        36      (57)
Total other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                                 (75)       59      (69)
Total comprehensive income                                                                                           32,980    13,510    8,667
     Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                        2,160     2,158      769
     Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                30,820    11,352    7,898




                                           The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

                                                                          F-3
1.3   Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                                2022      2021
                                                                                                                   Notes        US$M      US$M
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  20   17,236     15,246
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                 8    5,426      6,059
Other financial assets                                                                                                     23      629        230
Inventories                                                                                                                10    4,935      4,426
Assets held for sale                                                                                                                 –        324
Current tax assets                                                                                                                 263        279
Other                                                                                                                              175        129
Total current assets                                                                                                            28,664     26,693
Non-current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                 8      153        337
Other financial assets                                                                                                     23      802      1,610
Inventories                                                                                                                10    1,315      1,358
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                              11   61,295     73,813
Intangible assets                                                                                                          12    1,369      1,437
Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                                          29    1,420      1,742
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                        14       56      1,912
Other                                                                                                                               92         25
Total non-current assets                                                                                                        66,502     82,234
Total assets                                                                                                                    95,166    108,927
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                                    9    6,687      7,027
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                               20    2,622      2,628
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale                                                                        –         17
Other financial liabilities                                                                                                23      579        130
Current tax payable                                                                                                              3,032      2,800
Provisions                                                                                                        4,15,19,26     3,965      3,696
Deferred income                                                                                                                     34        105
Total current liabilities                                                                                                       16,919     16,403
Non-current liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                               20   13,806     18,355
Other financial liabilities                                                                                                23    1,997      1,146
Non-current tax payable                                                                                                             87        120
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                  14     3,063      3,314
Provisions                                                                                                        4,15,19,26    10,478     13,799
Deferred income                                                                                                                     50        185
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                   29,481     36,919
Total liabilities                                                                                                               46,400     53,322
Net assets                                                                                                                      48,766     55,605
EQUITY
Share capital – BHP Group Limited                                                                                                4,638      1,111
Share capital – BHP Group Plc                                                                                                        –      1,057
Treasury shares                                                                                                                    (31)       (33)
Reserves                                                                                                                   17       12      2,350
Retained earnings                                                                                                               40,338     46,779
Total equity attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                   44,957     51,264
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                  17    3,809      4,341
Total equity                                                                                                                    48,766     55,605
                                              The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

The Financial Statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 16 August 2022 and signed on its behalf by:

Ken MacKenzie                                                                    Mike Henry
Chair                                                                            Chief Executive Officer

                                                                           F-4
1.4   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                       2022       2021        2020
                                                                                                                      US$M        US$M        US$M
                                                                                                              Notes              Restated    Restated
Operating activities
Profit before taxation from Continuing operations                                                                     33,137      24,292      12,825
Adjustments for:
     Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                             5,683       5,084       4,667
     Impairments of property, plant and equipment, financial assets and intangibles                                      515       2,507         482
     Net finance costs                                                                                                   969       1,223         858
     Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                                             19         915         508
     Other                                                                                                              (350)        573         896
Changes in assets and liabilities:
     Trade and other receivables                                                                                         (703)    (2,389)        128
     Inventories                                                                                                         (865)      (405)       (714)
     Trade and other payables                                                                                             727      1,149        (589)
     Provisions and other assets and liabilities                                                                         (248)       486       1,350
Cash generated from operations                                                                                         38,884     33,435      20,411
Dividends received                                                                                                      1,018        728         117
Interest received                                                                                                          58         97         368
Interest paid                                                                                                            (657)      (766)     (1,213)
Proceeds/(settlements) of cash management related instruments                                                             378       (401)         85
Net income tax and royalty-related taxation refunded                                                                      105        222          47
Net income tax and royalty-related taxation paid                                                                      (10,501)    (7,432)     (5,130)
Net operating cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                    29,285     25,883      14,685
Net operating cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                           27      2,889      1,351       1,021
Net operating cash flows                                                                                               32,174     27,234      15,706
Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                                             (5,855)     (5,612)     (5,991)
Exploration expenditure                                                                                                  (256)       (192)       (176)
Exploration expenditure expensed and included in operating cash flows                                                     199         134         123
Net investment and funding of equity accounted investments                                                               (266)       (553)       (596)
Proceeds from sale of assets                                                                                              221         158         187
Proceeds/(settlements) from sale of subsidiaries, operations and joint operations net of their cash                     1,255          (3)          –
Other investing                                                                                                          (271)       (257)       (130)
Net investing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                    (4,973)     (6,325)     (6,583)
Net investing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                           27       (904)     (1,520)     (1,033)
Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                27       (683)          –           –
Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                         27       (399)          –           –
Net investing cash flows                                                                                               (6,959)     (7,845)     (7,616)
Financing activities
Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities                                                                              1,164        568         514
Proceeds/(settlements) of debt related instruments                                                                          –        167        (157)
Repayment of interest bearing liabilities                                                                              (3,358)    (8,357)     (2,008)
Purchase of shares by Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) Trusts                                                        (149)      (234)       (143)
Dividends paid                                                                                                        (17,851)    (7,901)     (6,876)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                            (2,540)    (2,127)     (1,043)
Net financing cash flows from Continuing operations                                                                   (22,734)   (17,884)     (9,713)
Net financing cash flows from Discontinued operations                                                           27        (33)       (38)        (39)
Net financing cash flows                                                                                              (22,767)   (17,922)     (9,752)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Continuing operations                                         1,578      1,674      (1,611)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Discontinued operations                                       1,952       (207)        (51)
Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                         (683)         –           –
Cash and cash equivalents disposed on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                  (399)         –           –
Cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts, at the beginning of the financial year                                   15,246     13,426      15,593
Foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                      (458)       353        (505)
Cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts, at the end of the financial year                                  20     17,236     15,246      13,426

                                            The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

                                                                            F-5
1.5    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                          Attributable to BHP shareholders
                                                                                            Treasury
                                                                     Share capital            shares                                  Total equity
                                                                    BHP       BHP        BHP         BHP                              attributable       Non-
                                                                   Group     Group      Group       Group                 Retained      to BHP        controlling    Total
US$M                                                               Limited     Plc      Limited       Plc    Reserves     earnings    shareholders     interests    equity
Balance as at 1 July 2021                                            1,111     1,057        (32)         (1)     2,350      46,779          51,264          4,341    55,605
Total comprehensive income                                               –         –           –          –        (90)     30,910          30,820          2,160    32,980
Transactions with owners:
     BHP Group Limited shares issued                                   172         –          (172)     –            –           –               –             –         –
     Purchase of shares by ESOP Trusts                                   –         –          (148)    (1)           –           –            (149)            –      (149)
     Employee share awards exercised net of employee
     contributions net of tax                                            –         –          321       2        (207)        (116)              –             –          –
     Vested employee share awards that have lapsed, been
     cancelled or forfeited                                              –         –             –      –          (30)        30                –             –          –
     Accrued employee entitlement for unexercised awards net of
     tax                                                                 –         –             –      –          143           –             143             –        143
     Corporate structure unification                                 3,355    (1,057)            –      –       (2,298)          –               –             –          –
     Dividends                                                           –         –             –      –            –     (17,720)        (17,720)       (2,540)   (20,260)
     In specie dividend on merger of Petroleum with Woodside             –         –             –      –            –     (19,559)        (19,559)            –    (19,559)
     Divestment of subsidiaries, operations and joint operations         –         –             –      –            –           –               –          (157)      (157)
     Transfers within equity on divestment of subsidiaries,
     operations and joint operations                                     –         –             –      –         (14)          14               –             –         –
     Equity contributed net of tax                                       –         –             –      –         158            –             158             5       163
Balance as at 30 June 2022                                           4,638         –           (31)     –          12       40,338          44,957         3,809    48,766
Balance as at 1 July 2020                                            1,111     1,057            (5)     –       2,306       43,396          47,865         4,310    52,175
Total comprehensive income                                               –         –             –      –          22       11,330          11,352         2,158    13,510
Transactions with owners:
     Purchase of shares by ESOP Trusts                                   –         –          (229)    (5)           –           –            (234)            –      (234)
     Employee share awards exercised net of employee
     contributions net of tax                                            –         –          202       4        (149)         (57)              –             –          –
     Vested employee share awards that have lapsed, been
     cancelled or forfeited                                              –         –             –      –           (4)          4               –             –          –
     Accrued employee entitlement for unexercised awards net of
     tax                                                                 –         –             –      –         175            –             175             –        175
     Dividends                                                           –         –             –      –           –       (7,894)         (7,894)       (2,127)   (10,021)
Balance as at 30 June 2021                                           1,111     1,057           (32)    (1)      2,350       46,779          51,264         4,341     55,605
Balance as at 1 July 2019                                            1,111     1,057           (32)     –       2,285       42,748          47,169         4,584     51,753
Total comprehensive income                                               –         –             –      –         (12)       7,910           7,898           769      8,667
Transactions with owners:
     Purchase of shares by ESOP Trusts                                   –         –          (139)    (4)           –           –            (143)            –      (143)
     Employee share awards exercised net of employee
     contributions net of tax                                            –         –          166       4        (132)         (38)              –             –          –
     Vested employee share awards that have lapsed, been
     cancelled or forfeited                                              –         –             –      –          (10)        10                –             –          –
     Accrued employee entitlement for unexercised awards net of
     tax                                                                 –         –             –      –         175            –             175             –       175
     Dividends                                                           –         –             –      –           –       (7,234)         (7,234)       (1,043)   (8,277)
Balance as at 30 June 2020                                           1,111     1,057            (5)     –       2,306       43,396          47,865         4,310    52,175


                                                     The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

                                                                                        F-6
Basis of preparation
The Group’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2022:
•     are a consolidated general purpose financial report
•     have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of:
      {       the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Corporations Act 2001)
      {       Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and
              International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) (collectively referred to as
              IFRS)
•     are prepared on a going concern basis as the Directors:
      {       have made an assessment of the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern for the 12 months from the date of this report
      {       consider it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the Group’s Financial Statements
•     measure items on the basis of historical cost principles, except for the following items:
      {       derivative financial instruments and certain other financial assets and liabilities, which are carried at fair value
      {       non-current assets or disposal groups that are classified as held-for-sale or held-for-distribution, which are measured at the lower of
              carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell
•     include significant accounting policies in the notes to the Financial Statements that summarise the recognition and measurement basis used and are
      relevant to an understanding of the Financial Statements
•     apply a presentation currency of US dollars, consistent with the predominant functional currency of the Group’s operations. Amounts are rounded
      to the nearest million dollars, unless otherwise stated, in accordance with ASIC (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191
•     present reclassified comparative information where required for consistency with the current year’s presentation
•     adopt all new and amended standards and interpretations under IFRS, that are mandatory for application in periods beginning on 1 July 2021.
      None had a significant impact on the Financial Statements. Refer note 37 ‘New and amended accounting standards and interpretations and
      changes to accounting policies’ for details
•     have not early adopted any standards and interpretations that have been issued or amended but are not yet effective. Refer note 37 ‘New and
      amended accounting standards and interpretations and changes to accounting policies’ for details

The accounting policies are consistently applied by all entities included in the Financial Statements.

Following unification of the Group’s corporate structure under BHP Group Limited, which was completed in January 2022, the Group Financial
Statements are no longer required to be prepared in accordance with:
•     the UK Companies Act 2006
•     International Accounting Standards in conformity with the requirements of the UK Companies Act 2006 and International Financial Reporting
      Standards adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union (EU)
•     International Accounting Standards adopted for use within the UK

In assessing the appropriateness of the going concern assumption over the going concern period, management have stress tested BHP’s most recent
financial projections to incorporate a range of potential future outcomes by considering BHP’s principal risks. The Group’s financial forecasts, including
downside commodity price and production scenarios, demonstrate that the Group believes that it has sufficient financial resources to meet its obligations
as they fall due throughout the going concern period. As such, the Financial Statements continue to be prepared on the going concern basis.


Principles of consolidation
In preparing the Financial Statements, the effects of all intragroup balances and transactions have been eliminated.

A list of significant entities in the Group, including subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates at year-end is contained in note 28 ‘Subsidiaries’,
note 29 ‘Investments accounted for using the equity method’ and note 30 ‘Interests in joint operations’.

Subsidiaries: The Financial Statements of the Group include the consolidation of BHP Group Limited (the Company or parent entity) and its
subsidiaries, being the entities controlled by the parent entity during the year and BHP Group Plc and its subsidiaries whilst the DLC was in effect.
Control exists where the Group:
•     has power over the investee
•     is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity
•     has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity

                                                                               F-7
The ability to approve the operating and capital budget of a subsidiary and the ability to appoint key management personnel are decisions that
demonstrate that the Group has the existing rights to direct the relevant activities of a subsidiary.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Company loses control of the
subsidiary. Specifically, the results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in profit or loss from the date the Company gains
control until the date when the Company ceases to control the subsidiary.

Where the Group’s interest is less than 100 per cent, the interest attributable to outside shareholders is reflected in non-controlling interests.

Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amount of the
Group’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference
between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in
equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the gain or loss on disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

The Financial Statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. The acquisition method of accounting is used to
account for the Group’s business combinations.

Joint arrangements: The Group undertakes a number of business activities through joint arrangements, which exist when two or more parties have
joint control. Joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures, based on the contractual rights and obligations between the
parties to the arrangement:
•     Joint operations: A joint operation is an arrangement in which the Group shares joint control, primarily via contractual arrangements with other
      parties. In a joint operation, the Group has rights to the underlying assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement. This
      includes situations where the parties benefit from the joint activity through a share of the output, rather than by receiving a share of the results of
      trading. In relation to the Group’s interest in a joint operation, the Group recognises: its assets and liabilities, including its share of any assets and
      liabilities held or incurred jointly; revenue from the sale of its share of the output and its share of any revenue generated from the sale of the output
      by the joint operation; and its expenses including its share of expenses incurred jointly. All such amounts are allocated in accordance with the
      terms of the arrangement, which is usually in proportion to the Group’s interest in the joint operation.
      The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in accordance with the IFRS
      Standards applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses.
•     Joint ventures: A joint venture is a joint arrangement in which the parties that share joint control have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.
      A separate vehicle, not the parties, will have the rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement. More than an
      insignificant share of output from a joint venture is sold to third parties, which indicates the joint venture is not dependent on the parties to the
      arrangement for funding, nor do the parties have an obligation for the liabilities of the arrangement. Joint ventures are accounted for using the
      equity method as outlined below.

Associates: The Group accounts for investments in associates using the equity method as outlined below. An entity is considered an associate where the
Group is deemed to have significant influence but not control or joint control. Significant influence is presumed to exist where the Group:
•     has over 20 per cent but less than 50 per cent of the voting rights of an entity, unless it can be clearly demonstrated that this is not the case or
•     holds less than 20 per cent of the voting rights of an entity; however, has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions
      affecting the entity

The Group uses the term ‘equity accounted investments’ to refer to joint ventures and associates collectively.

Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is recognised initially at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s
share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint
venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture, the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses
are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint
venture.


Foreign currencies
Transactions related to the Group’s worldwide operations are conducted in a number of foreign currencies. The majority of the subsidiaries, joint
arrangements and associates within each of the operations have assessed US dollars as the functional currency, however, some subsidiaries, joint
arrangements and associates have functional currencies other than US dollars.

Transactions and monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated into US dollars as follows:

Foreign currency item                                                               Applicable exchange rate
Transactions                                                                        Date of underlying transaction
Monetary assets and liabilities                                                     Period-end rate

                                                                              F-8
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from translation are recognised in the income statement, except for qualifying cash flow hedges (which are
deferred to equity) and foreign exchange gains or losses on foreign currency provisions for site closure and rehabilitation costs (which are capitalised in
property, plant and equipment for operating sites).

On consolidation, the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of foreign operations with non-US dollar functional currencies are translated into US
dollars using the following applicable exchange rates:

Foreign currency amount                                                           Applicable exchange rate
Income and expenses                                                               Date of underlying transaction
Assets and liabilities                                                            Period-end rate
Equity                                                                            Historical rate
Reserves                                                                          Historical rate

Foreign exchange differences resulting from translation are initially recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve and subsequently transferred
to the income statement on disposal of a foreign operation.

 Significant accounting policies, judgements and estimates
 The Group’s accounting policies require the use of judgement, estimates and assumptions. All judgements, estimates and assumptions are based on
 the most current facts and circumstances and are reassessed on an ongoing basis. Actual results in future reporting periods may differ for these
 estimates under different assumptions and conditions.

 Further information regarding the Group’s significant judgements and key estimates and assumptions, being those where changes may materially
 affect financial results and the carrying amount of assets and liabilities to be reported in the next reporting period, are embedded within the following
 notes:

 Note
  4          Significant events – Samarco dam failure
  6          Taxation
 11          Overburden removal costs
 11          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
 13          Impairments of non-current assets
 15          Closure and rehabilitation provisions
 21          Leases
 Additional information including sensitivity analysis, where appropriate, has been provided in the relevant notes to enhance an understanding of the
 impact of key estimates and assumptions on the Group’s financial position and performance.


 Reserve estimates
 Reserves are estimates of the amount of product that can be demonstrated to be able to be economically and legally extracted from the Group’s
 properties. In order to estimate reserves, assumptions are required about a range of technical and economic factors, including quantities, qualities,
 production techniques, recovery efficiency, production and transport costs, commodity supply and demand, commodity and carbon prices and
 exchange rates.

 Estimating the quantity and/or quality of reserves requires the size, shape and depth of ore bodies to be determined by analysing geological data, such
 as drilling samples and geophysical survey interpretations. Economic assumptions used to estimate reserves change from period-to-period as
 additional technical and operational data is generated. This process may require complex and difficult geological judgements to interpret the data.


 Reserve impact on financial reporting
 Estimates of reserves may change from period-to-period as the economic assumptions used to estimate reserves change and additional geological data
 is generated during the course of operations. Changes in reserves may affect the Group’s financial results and financial position in a number of ways,
 including:
 •   asset carrying values may be affected due to changes in estimated future production levels
 •   depreciation, depletion and amortisation charged to the income statement may change where such charges are determined on the units of
     production basis, or where the useful economic lives of assets change
 •   overburden removal costs recorded on the balance sheet or charged to the income statement may change due to changes in stripping ratios or the
     units of production basis of depreciation
 •   closure and rehabilitation provisions may change where changes in estimated reserves affect expectations about the timing or cost of these
     activities
 •   the carrying amount of deferred tax assets may change due to changes in estimates of the likely recovery of the tax benefits

                                                                            F-9
Climate change
The Group continues to develop its assessment of the potential impacts of climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy. The Group’s
current climate change strategy focuses on reducing operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, investing in low emissions technologies, supporting
emissions reductions in our value chain and promoting product stewardship, managing climate-related risk and opportunity, and working with others to
enhance the global policy and market response. Future changes to the Group’s climate change strategy or global decarbonisation signposts may impact
the Group’s significant judgements and key estimates and result in material changes to financial results and the carrying values of certain assets and
liabilities in future reporting periods.

During FY2022, the Group completed the merger of the Group’s Petroleum business with Woodside and the divestments of the Group’s interests in BHP
Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd (BMC) and the Cerrejón non-operated energy coal joint venture. In addition, the Group announced that it will retain New South
Wales Energy Coal (NSWEC) in its portfolio, seek approvals to continue mining at NSWEC beyond its current mining consent that expires in 2026, and
intends to proceed with a managed process to cease mining at the asset by the end of FY2030. While climate change and the transition to a low carbon
economy remain key considerations in the Group’s significant judgements and estimates, the portfolio updates during FY2022 have reduced the Group’s
exposure to fossil fuels. Following the updates, the potential risk to the carrying value of the Group’s assets and liabilities from long-term price
estimates for oil, gas and energy coal is largely limited to the impact of those commodities on the Group’s supply chain.

The Group’s current climate change strategy is reflected in the Group’s significant judgements and key estimates, and therefore the Financial
Statements, as follows:


Transition risks
The Group’s targets and goals
As part of its response to the Paris Agreement goals, the Group has set a target to reduce its operational GHG emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 from our
operated assets) by at least 30 per cent from FY2020 levels by FY2030 and a goal to achieve net zero operational GHG emissions by 2050. For the
FY2030 target, the FY2020 baseline has been adjusted to reflect the divestment of the Group’s Petroleum and BMC operations and will be adjusted for
any material future acquisitions and divestments. Approved emissions reduction projects aimed at contributing to the achievement of the Group’s
operational GHG emissions target and goal have been incorporated into the forecast cash flows of the Group’s assets. The use of carbon offsets will be
governed by the Group’s approach to carbon offsetting, with the Group’s offset strategy currently being managed at a consolidated Group level and
therefore not currently incorporated into the forecast cash flows of individual assets. Any change to the Group’s climate change strategy could impact
these forecasts and the Group’s significant judgements and key estimates.

The Group continues to invest, including in partnership with others, in emissions reduction projects and technology innovation and development in its
value chain to support reductions to its total reported Scope 3 GHG emissions inventory, with a particular focus on steelmaking and maritime emissions.
However, while we seek to influence, Scope 3 emissions occur outside of our direct control. Reduction pathways are dependent on the development, and
upstream or downstream deployment of solutions and/or supportive policy. Where possible, the financial impact of the Group’s activities in support of
Scope 3 reduction pathways is reflected in the financial statements, for example the Group’s chartering of LNG-fuelled vessels. It is however currently
not possible to reliably estimate or measure the full potential financial statement impacts of the Group’s pursuit of its Scope 3 goals and targets.

The Climate Investment Program (CIP), as announced by the Group in July 2019, aims to invest at least US$400 million over the CIP’s five-year life in
emissions reduction projects across the Group’s operated assets and value chain. Spend under the CIP, along with capital expenditure in support of
operational decarbonisation at our operated assets, is recognised in the relevant year of spend.


Global transition signposts
In addition to the Group’s targets and goals, significant judgements and key estimates are also impacted by the Group’s current assessment of the range
of economic and climate related conditions that could exist in transitioning to a low carbon economy, considering the current trajectory of society and
the global economy as a whole. Signposts do not yet indicate that the appropriate measures are in place to drive decarbonisation at the pace or scale
required for the Group to assess achieving the aims of the Paris Agreement as the most likely future outcome. However, as governments, institutions,
companies and society increasingly focus on addressing climate change, the potential for a non-linear and/or more rapid transition and the subsequent
impact on threats and opportunities increases.

The BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2021 references the Group’s divergent climate scenarios across a range of temperature outcomes. The Group
currently uses two of those scenarios, being the Central Energy View and Lower Carbon View1 as inputs to the Group’s operational planning cases. The
use of these two scenarios reflects the Group’s current estimates of the most likely range of future states for the global economy and associated sub-
systems. These operational planning cases inform updates to the Group’s supply, demand and price outlooks, capital allocation and portfolio decisions.

Given the complexity of climate modelling, these scenarios are reviewed periodically to reflect new information, with developments in the periods
between scenario updates being reflected in updated internal long-term price outlooks.

Investment decisions and asset valuations also incorporate carbon price assumptions for major Group operational, competitor and customer countries. In
determining the Group’s forecast, factors such as a country’s current and announced climate policies and targets and societal factors such as public
acceptance and demographics are considered, with the Group forecasting the global range of regional carbon prices to reach between US$0-175/tCO2-e
in FY2030 and US$10-250/tCO2-e in FY2050, and US$10-175/tCO2-e in FY2030 and US$100-250/tCO2-e in FY2050 in BHP’s current major
operational and market countries.

1     Central Energy View reflects, and is periodically updated to respond to, existing policy trends and commitments. Lower Carbon View accelerates
      decarbonisation trends and policies, particularly in easier-to-abate sectors such as power generation and light duty vehicles. BHP’s Climate
      Change Report 2020 describes these scenarios in more detail.

                                                                          F-10
The operational planning cases, price outlooks and cost of carbon assumptions, impact certain significant judgements and key estimates, including the
determination of the valuation of assets and potential impairment charges (notes 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’ and 13 ‘Impairment of non-current
assets’), the estimation of the remaining useful economic life of assets for depreciation purposes (note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’) and the
timing of closure and rehabilitation activities (note 15 ‘Closure and rehabilitation provisions’).

In addition to the operational planning cases, the Group utilises a range of scenarios, including its 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario2, when testing the
resilience of its portfolio, forming strategy and making investment decisions. While a 1.5ºC Paris-aligned scenario does not currently represent one of
the inputs to the Group’s operational planning cases, the Group has, during FY2022, systematically integrated the Group’s 1.5ºC Paris-aligned scenario
into the Group’s strategy and capital allocation process to test the extent to which its capital allocation is aligned with a rapidly decarbonising global
economy. Specifically, the Group applies the Group’s 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario to assess whether future demand for the Group’s products under that
scenario supports ongoing capital investment. The internal allocation of capital under the Group’s Capital Allocation Framework and all major
investment decisions now require an assessment of investment viability under the Group’s 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario.

The Group continues to monitor global decarbonisation signposts and update its operational planning cases, price outlooks, and cost of carbon
assumptions and assessments relating to strategy and capital allocation accordingly. Where such signposts indicate the appropriate measures are in place
for achievement of a 1.5ºC Paris-aligned scenario, this will be reflected in the Group’s operational planning cases.


Sensitivity to demand for the Group’s commodities
The Group acknowledges that there are a range of possible energy transition scenarios, including those that are aligned with the aims of the Paris
Agreement, that may indicate different outcomes for individual commodities. The resilience of the Group’s portfolio to a 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario
(the Group’s 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario) continues to be considered, including the impact of Paris-aligned commodity price estimates under that
scenario on the Group’s latest asset plans.

There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which, if any, of the scenarios might eventuate and none of the scenarios
considered constitutes a definitive outcome for the Group.

However, the long-term commodity price estimates under the Group’s 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario reflect the world needing around twice as much
steel, copper and potash and four times as much nickel in the next 30 years as in the last 30. In addition, the Group’s portfolio is transitioning towards
higher quality iron ore and metallurgical coal that enable steelmakers to be more efficient and operate with a lower emissions intensity.

As such, although all potential financial reporting consequences under the Group’s 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario are currently impracticable to fully
assess, the long-term commodity price outlooks under this scenario for iron ore, copper, metallurgical coal, nickel and potash are either largely
consistent with or favourable to the price outlooks in the Group’s current operational planning cases.

Given the positive long-term price outlooks for these commodities, the Group currently considers that a material adverse change is not expected to the
valuation, and remaining useful life, of assets and discounting of closure and rehabilitation provisions for assets relating to these commodities under its
1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario.

While energy coal long-term commodity price outlooks under the Group’s 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario are unfavourable when compared to the price
outlooks in the Group’s current operational planning cases, following impairments recognised in FY2021, the carrying value of assets at the Group’s
remaining energy coal operations at NSWEC is no longer material.

Further, the Group’s closure provision for NSWEC reflects the announcement in FY2022 of the Group’s plans to seek approvals to continue mining at
NSWEC beyond its current mining consent that expires in 2026 and intention to proceed with a managed process to cease mining at NSWEC by the end
of FY2030. While the closure provision remains subject to estimation and assumptions, the timing of closure is no longer considered materially
susceptible to the long-term impacts of climate change.


Physical risks
The Group is progressing work to assess the potential impact of physical risks of climate change in line with the Group’s Risk Management Framework.
In FY2022, the Group conducted a physical risk identification process that prioritised key potential climate hazards for more detailed analysis including,
for example, risks associated with higher sea levels disrupting port operations and extreme rainfall impacting the stability of tailings storage facilities.
Given the ongoing nature of the Group’s physical risk assessment process, inclusion of adaptation risk in the Group’s operating plans, and associated
asset valuations, is currently limited. As the Group progresses its adaptation strategy, including risk evaluations planned for FY2023, the identification
of additional risks or the detailed development of the Group’s response may result in material changes to financial results and the carrying values of
assets and liabilities in future reporting periods.

2     This scenario aligns with the aims of the Paris Agreement and requires steep global annual emissions reduction, sustained for decades, to stay
      within a 1.5°C carbon budget. 1.5°C is above pre-industrial levels. BHP’s Climate Change Report 2020 describes this scenario, including its
      assumptions, outputs and limitations, in more detail.

                                                                            F-11
1.6    Notes to the Financial Statements
Performance
1 Segment reporting
Reportable segments
The Group operated three reportable segments during FY2022, which are aligned with the commodities that are extracted and marketed and reflect the
structure used by the Group’s management to assess the performance of the Group.

Reportable segment                              Principal activities
Copper                                          Mining of copper, silver, zinc, molybdenum, uranium and gold
Iron Ore                                        Mining of iron ore
Coal                                            Mining of metallurgical coal and energy coal

On 22 November 2021, the Group signed a binding SSA for the merger of the Group’s oil and gas portfolio with Woodside. Following that
announcement, the Group’s Petroleum business no longer meets the reporting segment recognition criteria as outlined in IFRS 8/AASB 8 ‘Operating
segments’ and therefore does not form part of the reportable segments. Comparative periods have been adjusted for the effects of applying
IFRS 5/AASB 5 ‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations’ to disclose the Group’s Petroleum business on the same basis as the
current period.

Group and unallocated items includes functions, other unallocated operations including Potash, Nickel West and legacy assets, and consolidation
adjustments. Revenue not attributable to reportable segments comprises the sale of freight and fuel to third parties, as well as revenues from unallocated
operations. Exploration and technology activities are recognised within relevant segments.

                                                                                                                                 Group and
                                                                                                                                unallocated
Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                            items/         Group
US$M                                                                                      Copper      Iron Ore       Coal       eliminations       total
Revenue                                                                                    16,849       30,767       15,549            1,933      65,098
Inter-segment revenue                                                                           –             –           –                 –            –
Total revenue                                                                              16,849       30,767       15,549            1,933      65,098
Underlying EBITDA                                                                           8,565       21,707        9,504              858      40,634
Depreciation and amortisation                                                              (1,765)       (2,203)       (762)            (953)     (5,683)
Impairment losses1                                                                           (470)          (33)         (9)               (3)       (515)
Underlying EBIT                                                                             6,330       19,471        8,733               (98)    34,436
Exceptional items2                                                                            (81)         (648)        849             (450)        (330)
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                    (969)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                            33,137
Capital expenditure (cash basis)                                                            2,528         1,848         621              858        5,855
Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related impairments and
   expenses                                                                                   577          (595)          –               (1)        (19)
Investments accounted for using the equity method                                           1,415             –           –                5       1,420
Total assets3                                                                              32,762        24,613      11,524           26,267      95,166
Total liabilities3                                                                          5,342         7,790       3,874           29,394      46,400

                                                                           F-12
                                                                                                                                Group and
Year ended 30 June 2021                                                                                                        unallocated
US$M                                                                                                                              items/         Group
Restated                                                                                 Copper      Iron Ore       Coal       eliminations       total
Revenue                                                                                  15,726        34,475        5,154            1,566       56,921
Inter-segment revenue                                                                          –            –            –                –             –
Total revenue                                                                            15,726        34,475        5,154            1,566       56,921
Underlying EBITDA                                                                          8,489       26,278          288               18       35,073
Depreciation and amortisation                                                             (1,608)      (1,971)        (845)            (660)      (5,084)
Impairment losses1                                                                           (72)         (13)         (20)             (31)        (136)
Underlying EBIT                                                                            6,809       24,294         (577)            (673)      29,853
Exceptional items2                                                                          (144)      (1,319)      (1,567)          (1,308)      (4,338)
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                 (1,223)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                            24,292
Capital expenditure (cash basis)                                                           2,180        2,188          579             665         5,612
Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses            692       (1,126)        (480)             (1)         (915)
Investments accounted for using the equity method                                          1,482            –            –             260         1,742
Total assets3                                                                             31,517       26,171       11,030          40,209       108,927
Total liabilities3                                                                         4,589        7,508        3,518          37,707        53,322

                                                                                                                                Group and
Year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                        unallocated
US$M                                                                                                                              items/         Group
Restated                                                                                 Copper      Iron Ore       Coal       eliminations       total
Revenue                                                                                  10,666        20,797       6,241             1,220       38,924
Inter-segment revenue                                                                          –            –            1               (1)            –
Total revenue                                                                            10,666        20,797       6,242             1,219       38,924
Underlying EBITDA                                                                          4,347       14,554       1,632              (663)      19,870
Depreciation and amortisation                                                             (1,740)      (1,608)       (807)             (512)      (4,667)
Impairment losses1                                                                           (17)         (22)        (14)              (20)          (73)
Underlying EBIT                                                                            2,590       12,924         811            (1,195)      15,130
Exceptional items2                                                                        (1,228)        (614)        (18)              413       (1,447)
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                   (858)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                            12,825
Capital expenditure (cash basis)                                                           2,434        2,328          603             626         5,991
Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses             67         (508)         (68)              1          (508)
Investments accounted for using the equity method                                          1,558            –          776             251         2,585
Total assets3                                                                             28,892       23,841       12,110          40,890       105,733
Total liabilities3                                                                         3,535        5,441        2,601          41,981        53,558

1    Impairment losses exclude exceptional items of US$ nil (2021: US$2,371 million; 2020: US$409 million).
2    Exceptional items reported in Group and unallocated include Samarco dam failure costs of US$(13) million (2021: US$(14) million; 2020:
     US$(32) million) and Samarco related other income of US$ nil (2021: US$34 million; 2020: US$489 million). Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’
     for further information.
3    Group and unallocated comparative periods total assets and total liabilities include Petroleum assets and liabilities that were previously disclosed
     as part of the Petroleum segment.

                                                                          F-13
Geographical information

                                                                                                                 Revenue by location of customer
                                                                                                             2022             2021            2020
                                                                                                             US$M            US$M             US$M
                                                                                                                           Restated          Restated
Australia                                                                                                     1,649            1,871           1,212
Europe                                                                                                        2,129              886             963
China                                                                                                        36,618          39,653           26,503
Japan                                                                                                         8,401            4,387           3,314
India                                                                                                         5,215            2,189           1,475
South Korea                                                                                                   4,786            3,420           2,666
Rest of Asia                                                                                                  4,303            2,934           1,730
North America                                                                                                 1,282            1,147             719
South America                                                                                                   715              426             315
Rest of world                                                                                                     –                8               27
                                                                                                             65,098          56,921           38,924

                                                                                                             Non-current assets by location of assets
                                                                                                             2022            2021              2020
                                                                                                             US$M           US$M              US$M
Australia                                                                                                    43,250          48,612            48,236
North America                                                                                                 3,964           9,701             9,682
South America                                                                                                18,280          18,548            18,179
Rest of world                                                                                                   150           1,851             1,955
Unallocated assets1                                                                                             858           3,522             6,210
                                                                                                             66,502          82,234            84,262

1     Unallocated assets comprise deferred tax assets and other financial assets.


Underlying EBITDA
Underlying EBITDA is earnings before net finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairments, taxation expense, Discontinued operations and
any exceptional items. Underlying EBITDA includes BHP’s share of profit/(loss) from investments accounted for using the equity method including net
finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairments and taxation expense/(benefit).

Exceptional items are excluded from Underlying EBITDA in order to enhance the comparability of such measures from period-to-period and provide
investors with further clarity in order to assess the performance of the Group’s operations. Management monitors exceptional items separately. Refer to
note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for additional detail.


Segment assets and liabilities
Total segment assets and liabilities of reportable segments represents operating assets and operating liabilities, including the carrying amount of equity
accounted investments and predominantly excludes cash balances, loans to associates, interest bearing liabilities and deferred tax balances. The carrying
value of investments accounted for using the equity method represents the balance of the Group’s investment in equity accounted investments, with no
adjustment for any cash balances, interest bearing liabilities or deferred tax balances of the equity accounted investment.

                                                                           F-14
2 Revenue
Revenue by segment and asset

                                                                                                                           2022       2021     2020
                                                                                                                           US$M       US$M     US$M
                                                                                                                                     Restated Restated
Escondida                                                                                                                    9,500     9,470    6,719
Pampa Norte                                                                                                                  2,670     1,801    1,395
Olympic Dam                                                                                                                  1,776     2,211    1,463
Third-party products                                                                                                         2,903     2,244    1,089
Total Copper1                                                                                                               16,849    15,726   10,666
Western Australia Iron Ore                                                                                                  30,632    34,337   20,663
Third-party products                                                                                                            19         18       15
Other                                                                                                                          116       120      119
Total Iron Ore                                                                                                              30,767    34,475   20,797
BHP Mitsubishi Alliance                                                                                                     10,254     3,537    4,422
New South Wales Energy Coal                                                                                                  3,035       839      885
Other2                                                                                                                       2,260       778      935
Total Coal3                                                                                                                 15,549     5,154    6,242
Group and unallocated items4                                                                                                 1,933     1,566    1,220
Inter-segment adjustment                                                                                                         –          –       (1)
Total revenue                                                                                                               65,098    56,921   38,924

1     Total Copper revenue includes: copper US$15,992 million (2021: US$14,812 million; 2020: US$10,044 million) and other US$857 million (2021:
      US$914 million; 2020: US$622 million). Other consists of silver, zinc, molybdenum, uranium and gold.
2     Includes revenue related to BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) divested in May 2022.
3     Total Coal revenue includes: metallurgical coal US$11,990 million (2021: US$4,260 million; 2020: US$5,311 million) and energy coal US$3,559
      million (2021: US$894 million; 2020: US$931 million).
4     Group and unallocated items revenue includes: Nickel West US$1,926 million (2021: US$1,545 million; 2020: US$1,189 million) and other
      revenue US$7 million (2021: US$21 million; 2020: US$31 million).

Revenue consists of revenue from contracts with customers of US$65,504 million (2021: US$55,562 million; 2020: US$38,917 million) and other
revenue predominantly relating to provisionally priced sales of US$(406) million (2021: US$1,359 million; 2020: US$7 million).


Recognition and measurement
The Group generates revenue from the production and sale of commodities. Revenue is recognised when or as control of the promised goods or services
passes to the customer. In most instances, control passes when the goods are delivered to a destination specified by the customer, typically on board the
customer’s appointed vessel. Revenue from the provision of services is recognised over time as the services are provided, but does not represent a
significant proportion of total revenue and is aggregated with the respective asset and product revenue for disclosure purposes.

The amount of revenue recognised reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services.

Where the Group’s sales are provisionally priced, the final price depends on future index prices. The amount of revenue initially recognised is based on
the relevant forward market price. Adjustments between the provisional and final price are accounted for under IFRS 9/AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’
(IFRS 9), separately recorded as other revenue and presented as part of the total revenue of each asset. The period between provisional pricing and final
invoicing is typically between 60 and 120 days.

Revenue from the sale of significant by-products is included within revenue. Where a by-product is not significant, revenue is credited against costs.

The Group applies the practical expedient to not adjust the expected consideration for the effects of the time value of money if the period between the
delivery and when the customer pays for the promised good or service is one year or less.

The Group applies the practical expedient not to disclose information relating to unfulfilled performance obligations, either due to the expected duration
of the contract term being one year or less, or for longer term contracts, because the entity has a right to consideration (and can recognise revenue) for
goods delivered.

                                                                           F-15
3 Exceptional items
Exceptional items are those gains or losses where their nature, including the expected frequency of the events giving rise to them, and impact is
considered material to the Financial Statements. Such items included within the Group’s profit from Continuing operations for the year are detailed
below. Exceptional items attributable to Discontinued operations are detailed in note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’.

Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                     Gross      Tax       Net
                                                                                                                            US$M      US$M      US$M
Exceptional items by category
Samarco dam failure                                                                                                         (1,032)      (31)   (1,063)
Impairment of US deferred tax assets                                                                                             –      (423)     (423)
Corporate structure unification costs                                                                                         (428)        –      (428)
BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) gain on disposal                                                                                         840         –       840
Total                                                                                                                         (620)     (454)   (1,074)
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                        –         –         –
Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                              (620)     (454)   (1,074)


Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) dam failure
The FY2022 exceptional loss of US$1,063 million (after tax) related to the Samarco dam failure in November 2015 comprises the following:

Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                                         US$M
Other income                                                                                                                                        –
Expenses excluding net finance costs:
     Costs incurred directly by BHP Brasil and other BHP entities in relation to the Samarco dam failure                                              (66)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses:
     Samarco impairment expense                                                                                                                      –
     Samarco Germano dam decommissioning                                                                                                            68
     Samarco dam failure provision                                                                                                                (663)
     Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                                                                                             (81)
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                 (290)
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                 (31)
Total1                                                                                                                                          (1,063)

1    Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information.


Impairment of US deferred tax assets
The Group recognised an impairment charge of US$423 million (after tax) in relation to deferred tax assets where the recoverability has historically
been reliant on Petroleum earnings in the same tax group. While these tax assets remained with the Group following the merger of the Group’s oil and
gas portfolio with Woodside, the impairment charge reflects the extent of other currently forecast future earnings against which the assets can be
recovered.


Corporate structure unification costs
The Group incurred transaction costs associated with the unification of the Group corporate structure under its existing Australian parent company, BHP
Group Limited, which was completed on 31 January 2022. Refer note 16 ‘Share capital’ for further information.


BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) gain on disposal
On 3 May 2022 the Group sold its 80 per cent interest in BHP Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd (BMC) to Stanmore SMC Holdings Pty Ltd, a wholly owned
subsidiary of Stanmore Resources Limited (Stanmore Resources).

Stanmore Resources paid US$1.1 billion cash consideration at completion plus a preliminary completion adjustment of US$218 million for working
capital. US$100 million in cash remains payable in six months on 3 November 2022 with potential for an additional amount of up to US$150 million
(US$122 million discounted) in a price-linked earnout payable in the 2024 calendar year.

                                                                          F-16
Details of the gain on disposal is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                US$M
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                           63
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                        360
Other financial assets                                                                                                                              26
Inventories                                                                                                                                         92
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                    1,214
Total assets                                                                                                                                     1,755
Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                                                           253
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                                       249
Tax payables                                                                                                                                         9
Provisions                                                                                                                                         425
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                            31
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                  967
Net assets disposed                                                                                                                                788
Less non-controlling interest share of net assets disposed                                                                                         157
BHP share of net assets disposed                                                                                                                   631
Gross consideration                                                                                                                              1,318
Transaction and other directly applicable costs                                                                                                    (69)
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                   –
Deferred consideration                                                                                                                             222
Gain on disposal                                                                                                                                   840

The exceptional items relating to the year ended 30 June 2021 and the year ended 30 June 2020 are detailed below.


30 June 2021

Year ended 30 June 2021
Restated                                                                                                                   Gross       Tax        Net
                                                                                                                           US$M       US$M       US$M
Exceptional items by category
Samarco dam failure                                                                                                         (1,087)      (71)    (1,158)
COVID-19 related costs                                                                                                        (499)      138       (361)
Impairment of Energy coal assets                                                                                            (1,523)     (651)    (2,174)
Impairment of Potash assets                                                                                                 (1,314)     (473)    (1,787)
Total                                                                                                                       (4,423)   (1,057)    (5,480)
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                      (34)       10        (24)
Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                            (4,389)   (1,067)    (5,456)


Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) dam failure
The FY2021 exceptional loss of US$1,158 million related to the Samarco dam failure in November 2015 comprises the following:

Year ended 30 June 2021                                                                                                                          US$M
Other income                                                                                                                                        34
Expenses excluding net finance costs:
     Costs incurred directly by BHP Brasil and other BHP entities in relation to the Samarco dam failure                                            (46)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses:
     Samarco impairment expense                                                                                                                    (111)
     Samarco Germano dam decommissioning                                                                                                            (15)
     Samarco dam failure provision                                                                                                               (1,000)
     Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                                                                                              136
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                   (85)
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                  (71)
Total1                                                                                                                                           (1,158)

1     Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information.


COVID-19 related costs
The exceptional item reflects the directly attributable COVID-19 pandemic related additional costs for the Group for FY2021, including costs associated
with the increased provision of health and hygiene services, the impacts of maintaining social distancing requirements and demurrage and other standby
charges related to delays caused by COVID-19. At the time, COVID-19 was considered a single protracted globally pervasive event.

However, as the pandemic has continued to evolve, certain impacts that were initially considered to be potentially short-term in nature are now expected
to continue over a number of reporting periods. These activities are now considered to be part of business as usual operations and, as such, for FY2022,
the incremental costs have not been classified as an exceptional item.

                                                                          F-17
Impairment of Energy coal assets
The Group recognised an impairment charge of US$1,704 million (after tax) in relation to New South Wales Energy Coal (NSWEC) reflecting the status
of the divestment process and current market conditions for thermal coal, the strengthening Australian dollar and changes to the mine plan. In addition,
the Group recognised an impairment charge of US$470 million (after tax) for Cerrejón, reflecting the expected net sales proceeds.


Impairment of Potash assets
The Group recognised an impairment charge of US$1,787 million (after tax) in relation to Potash. The impairment charge reflected an analysis of market
perspectives and the value that we expected a market participant to attribute to our investments to date.


30 June 2020

Year ended 30 June 2020
Restated                                                                                                                     Gross       Tax      Net
                                                                                                                             US$M       US$M     US$M
Exceptional items by category
Samarco dam failure                                                                                                             (176)       –       (176)
Cancellation of power contracts                                                                                                 (778)     271       (507)
COVID-19 related costs                                                                                                          (177)      51       (126)
Cerro Colorado impairment                                                                                                       (409)     (83)      (492)
Total                                                                                                                         (1,540)     239     (1,301)
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                       (291)      90       (201)
Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                              (1,249)     149     (1,100)


Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) dam failure
The FY2020 exceptional loss of US$176 million related to the Samarco dam failure in November 2015 comprises the following:

Year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                                           US$M
Other income                                                                                                                                        489
Expenses excluding net finance costs:
     Costs incurred directly by BHP Brasil and other BHP entities in relation to the Samarco dam failure                                             (64)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses:
     Samarco impairment expense                                                                                                                      (95)
     Samarco Germano dam decommissioning                                                                                                              46
     Samarco dam failure provision                                                                                                                  (459)
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                    (93)
Total1                                                                                                                                              (176)

1     Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information.


Cancellation of power contracts
Reflects an onerous contract provision in relation to the cancellation of power contracts at the Group’s Escondida and Spence operations, as part of the
shift towards 100 per cent renewable energy supply contracts.


COVID-19 related costs
The exceptional item reflects the directly attributable COVID-19 pandemic related additional costs for the Group for FY2020, including costs associated
with the increased provision of health and hygiene services, the impacts of maintaining social distancing requirements and other standby charges related
to delays caused by COVID-19. At the time, COVID-19 was considered a single protracted globally pervasive event.

However, as the pandemic has continued to evolve, certain impacts that were initially considered to be potentially short-term in nature are now expected
to continue over a number of reporting periods. These activities are now considered to be part of business as usual operations and, as such, for FY2022,
the incremental costs have not been classified as an exceptional item.


Cerro Colorado impairment
The Group recognised an impairment charge of US$492 million (after tax) in relation to Cerro Colorado. This reflects the decision taken by the Group to
reduce Cerro Colorado’s throughput for the remaining period of its current environmental licence, which expires at the end of CY2023.

                                                                          F-18
4 Significant events – Samarco dam failure
On 5 November 2015, the Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco) iron ore operation in Minas Gerais, Brazil, experienced a tailings dam failure that
resulted in a release of mine tailings, flooding the communities of Bento Rodrigues, Gesteira and Paracatu and impacting other communities
downstream (the Samarco dam failure). Refer to section on ‘Samarco’ in the Operating and Financial Review.

Samarco is jointly owned by BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda (BHP Brasil) and Vale S.A. (Vale). BHP Brasil’s 50 per cent interest is accounted for as an equity
accounted joint venture investment. BHP Brasil does not separately recognise its share of the underlying assets and liabilities of Samarco, but instead
records the investment as one line on the balance sheet. Each period, BHP Brasil recognised its 50 per cent share of Samarco’s profit or loss
and adjusted the carrying value of the investment in Samarco accordingly. Such adjustment continued until the investment carrying value was reduced to
US$ nil, with any additional share of Samarco losses only recognised to the extent that BHP Brasil has an obligation to fund the losses. After applying
equity accounting, any remaining carrying value of the investment is tested for impairment.

Any charges relating to the Samarco dam failure incurred directly by BHP Brasil or other BHP entities are recognised 100 per cent in the Group’s
results.

The financial impacts of the Samarco dam failure on the Group’s income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement for the year ended 30 June
2022 are shown in the tables below and have been treated as an exceptional item.

Financial impacts of Samarco dam failure                                                                                      2022       2021        2020
                                                                                                                              US$M       US$M        US$M
Income statement
     Other income1                                                                                                                 –          34      489
Expenses excluding net finance costs:
     Costs incurred directly by BHP Brasil and other BHP entities in relation to the Samarco dam failure2                        (66)        (46)      (64)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses:
     Samarco impairment expense3                                                                                                    –        (111)     (95)
     Samarco Germano dam decommissioning4                                                                                          68         (15)      46
     Samarco dam failure provision5                                                                                              (663)     (1,000)    (459)
     Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives6                                                                           (81)        136        –
Loss from operations                                                                                                             (742)     (1,002)     (83)
Net finance costs7                                                                                                               (290)        (85)     (93)
Loss before taxation                                                                                                           (1,032)     (1,087)    (176)
Income tax expense8                                                                                                               (31)        (71)       –
Loss after taxation                                                                                                            (1,063)     (1,158)    (176)
Balance sheet movement
Trade and other payables                                                                                                          (1)         (5)       (5)
Derivatives                                                                                                                     (160)        136         –
Tax liabilities                                                                                                                  (31)        (71)        –
Provisions                                                                                                                      (629)       (741)     (137)
Net liabilities                                                                                                                 (821)       (681)     (142)

                                                                                                            2022                 2021                2020
                                                                                                            US$M                 US$M                US$M
Cash flow statement
Loss before taxation                                                                                        (1,032)              (1,087)              (176)
Adjustments for:
Samarco impairment expense3                                                                          –                  111                   95
Samarco Germano dam decommissioning4                                                               (68)                  15                  (46)
Samarco dam failure provision5                                                                     663                1,000                  459
Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives6                                                  81                 (136)                   –
Proceeds of cash management related instruments                                                     79                    –                    –
Net finance costs7                                                                                 290                   85                   93
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Trade and other payables                                                                              1                   5                     5
Net operating cash flows                                                                                       14                    (7)               430
Net investment and funding of equity accounted investments9                                                  (256)                 (470)              (464)
Net investing cash flows                                                                                     (256)                 (470)              (464)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                    (242)                 (477)               (34)

1    Proceeds from insurance settlements.
2    Includes legal and advisor costs incurred.
3    Impairment expense from working capital funding provided during the period.
4    US$(56) million (2021: US$(6) million; 2020: US$37 million) change in estimate and US$(12) million (2021: US$21 million; 2020: US$(83)
     million) exchange translation.
5    US$747 million (2021: US$842 million; 2020: US$916 million) change in estimate and US$(84) million (2021: US$158 million; 2020: US$(457)
     million) exchange translation.
6    During the period the Group entered into forward exchange contracts to limit the Brazilian reais exposure on the dam failure provisions. While not
     applying hedge accounting, the fair value changes in the forward exchange instruments are recorded within Loss from equity accounted
     investments, related impairments and expenses in the Income Statement.
7    Amortisation of discounting of provision.
8    Includes tax on forward exchange derivatives and other taxes incurred during the period.
9    Includes US$ nil (2021: US$(111) million; 2020: US$(95) million) funding provided during the period, US$(256) million (2021: US$(351)
     million; 2020: US$(365) million) utilisation of the Samarco dam failure provision, and US$ nil (2021: US$(8) million; 2020: US$(4) million)
     utilisation of the Samarco Germano decommissioning provision.

                                                                         F-19
Equity accounted investment in Samarco
BHP Brasil’s investment in Samarco remains at US$ nil. No dividends have been received by BHP Brasil from Samarco during the period and Samarco
currently does not have profits available for distribution.


Provisions related to the Samarco dam failure

                                                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                                                                US$M              US$M
At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                           2,792             2,051
Movement in provisions                                                                                                             629               741
Comprising:
Utilised                                                                                                                (256)             (359)
Adjustments charged to the income statement:
     Change in estimate - Samarco dam failure provision                                                                  747               842
     Change in estimate - Samarco Germano dam decommissioning                                                            (56)               (6)
     Amortisation of discounting impacting net finance costs                                                             290                85
     Exchange translation                                                                                                (96)              179
At the end of the financial year                                                                                                 3,421             2,792
Comprising:
     Current                                                                                                                     1,815             1,206
     Non-current                                                                                                                 1,606             1,586
At the end of the financial year                                                                                                 3,421             2,792
Comprising:
     Samarco dam failure provision                                                                                               3,237             2,560
     Samarco Germano dam decommissioning provision                                                                                 184               232


Samarco dam failure provisions and contingencies
As at 30 June 2022, BHP Brasil has identified provisions and contingent liabilities arising as a consequence of the Samarco dam failure as follows:


Provisions
Provision for Samarco dam failure
On 2 March 2016, BHP Brasil, Samarco and Vale, entered into a Framework Agreement with the Federal Government of Brazil, the states of Espírito
Santo and Minas Gerais and certain other public authorities to establish a foundation (Fundação Renova) that is developing and executing environmental
and socio-economic programs (Programs) to remediate and provide compensation for damage caused by the Samarco dam failure (the Framework
Agreement). Key Programs include those for financial assistance and compensation of impacted persons, including fisherfolk impacted by the dam
failure, and those for remediation of impacted areas and resettlement of impacted communities. A committee (Interfederative Committee) comprising
representatives from the Brazilian Federal and State Governments, local municipalities, environmental agencies, impacted communities and Public
Defence Office oversees the activities of the Fundação Renova in order to monitor, guide and assess the progress of actions agreed in the Framework
Agreement. In addition, the 12th Federal Court is supervising the work of the Fundação Renova and the Court’s decisions, including decisions relating
to the scope of individuals eligible for compensation and the amount of damages to which they are entitled, have been considered in the Samarco dam
failure provision change in estimate. Any future decisions will be analysed for impacts on the provision at the time of any decision and the provision
may be impacted in future reporting periods as a result of appeals and motions for clarification on certain Court decisions that remain outstanding.

The term of the Framework Agreement is 15 years, renewable for periods of one year successively until all obligations under the Framework Agreement
have been performed. Under the Framework Agreement, Samarco has primary responsibility for funding Fundação Renova’s annual calendar year
budget for the duration of the Framework Agreement. The funding amounts for each calendar year will be dependent on the remediation and
compensation projects to be undertaken in a particular year. Annual contributions may be reviewed under the Framework Agreement. To the extent that
Samarco does not meet its funding obligations, each of BHP Brasil and Vale have secondary funding obligations under the Framework Agreement in
proportion to their 50 per cent shareholding in Samarco.

Samarco began to gradually recommence operations in December 2020, however, there remains significant uncertainty regarding Samarco’s long-term
cash flow generation and the outcome of the Judicial Reorganisation (outlined below). In light of these uncertainties and based on currently available
information, BHP Brasil’s provision for its obligations under the Framework Agreement Programs is US$3.2 billion before tax and after discounting at
30 June 2022 (30 June 2021: US$2.6 billion). The dam failure provision at 30 June 2022 reflects only the Group’s estimate of the costs to be incurred in
completing those Programs, as the Group is unable to provide a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of other existing or potential future
claims (refer to contingent liabilities below).

Under a Governance Agreement ratified on 8 August 2018, BHP Brasil, Samarco and Vale were to establish a process to renegotiate the Programs over
two years to progress settlement of the R$155 billion (approximately US$30 billion) Federal Public Prosecution Office claim (described below). Pre-
requisites established in the Governance Agreement, for re-negotiation of the Framework Agreement, were not implemented during the two year period
and on 30 September 2020, Brazilian Federal and State prosecutors and public defenders filed a request for the immediate resumption of the R$155
billion (approximately US$30 billion) claim, which was suspended from the date of ratification of the Governance Agreement. Formal suspension of the
claim ceased on 10 December 2021, however no further rulings have been made.

BHP Brasil, Samarco, Vale and Federal and State prosecutors have been engaging in negotiations to seek a definitive and substantive settlement of the
obligations under the Framework Agreement and the R$155 billion (approximately US$30 billion) Federal Public Prosecution Office claim. The
negotiations are overseen by the President of the National Council of Justice, as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court in Brazil and are expected to
continue until at least the expected end of the term of the current President on 31 August 2022. Outcomes of the negotiations are highly uncertain and,
until any revisions to the Programs are agreed, Fundação Renova will continue to implement the Programs in accordance with the terms of the
Framework Agreement and the Governance Agreement.

BHP Brasil, Samarco and Vale are required to maintain security of an amount equal to the Fundação Renova’s annual budget up to a limit of R$2.2
billion (approximately US$420 million). The security currently comprises R$1.3 billion (approximately US$250 million) in insurance bonds and a
charge of R$800 million (approximately US$150 million) over Samarco’s assets. A further R$100 million (approximately US$20 million) in liquid
assets previously maintained as security was released for COVID-19 related response efforts in Brazil.

                                                                          F-20
Samarco Germano dam decommissioning
Samarco is currently progressing plans for the accelerated decommissioning of its upstream tailings dams (the Germano dam complex). Given the
uncertainties surrounding Samarco’s long-term cash flow generation, BHP Brasil’s provision for a 50 per cent share of the expected Germano
decommissioning costs is US$184 million (30 June 2021: US$232 million). The decommissioning is progressing, however further engineering work and
required validation by Brazilian authorities could lead to changes to estimates in future reporting periods.


 Key judgements and estimates
 Judgements
 The outcomes of litigation are inherently difficult to predict and significant judgement has been applied in assessing the likely outcome of legal
 claims and determining which legal claims require recognition of a provision or disclosure of a contingent liability. The facts and circumstances
 relating to these cases are regularly evaluated in determining whether a provision for any specific claim is required.

 Management has determined that a provision can only be recognised for obligations under the Framework Agreement and Samarco Germano dam
 decommissioning as at 30 June 2022. It is not yet possible to provide a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of potential future
 exposures to BHP in connection to the contingent liabilities noted below, given their status.


 Estimates
 The provision for the Samarco dam failure currently only reflects the Group’s estimate of the remaining costs to complete Programs under the
 Framework Agreement and requires the use of significant judgements, estimates and assumptions. Based on current estimates, it is expected that
 approximately 95 per cent of remaining costs for Programs under the Framework Agreement will be incurred by December 2024.

 While the provision has been measured based on the latest information available, changes in facts and circumstances are likely in future reporting
 periods and may lead to material revisions to these estimates. However, it is currently not possible to determine what facts and circumstances may
 change, therefore revisions in future reporting periods due to the key estimates and factors outlined below cannot be reliably measured.

 The key estimates that may have a material impact on the provision in the next and future reporting periods include the:
  •     number of people eligible for financial assistance and compensation and the corresponding amount of expected compensation
  •     costs to complete key infrastructure programs

 The provision may also be affected by factors including but not limited to:
  •     potential changes in scope of work and funding amounts required under the Framework Agreement including the impact of the decisions of the
        Interfederative Committee along with further technical analysis, community participation required under the Governance Agreement and rulings
        made by the 12th Federal Court
  •     the outcome of ongoing negotiations with State and Federal Prosecutors, including review of Fundação Renova’s Programs as provided in the
        Governance Agreement
  •     actual costs incurred
  •     resolution of uncertainty in respect of the nature and extent of Samarco’s long-term cash generation
  •     updates to discount and foreign exchange rates
  •     the outcomes of Samarco’s judicial reorganisation

 In addition, the provision may be impacted by decisions in, or resolution of, existing and potential legal claims in Brazil and other jurisdictions,
 including the outcome of the United Kingdom group action complaint and the negotiations seeking a definitive and substantive settlement of the
 obligations under the Framework Agreement and the R$155 billion (approximately US$30 billion) Federal Public Prosecution Office claim.

 Outcomes of the negotiations are highly uncertain and it is therefore not possible to provide a reliable estimate of potential outcomes.

 Given these factors, future actual cash outflows may differ from the amounts currently provided and changes to any of the key assumptions and
 estimates outlined above could result in a material impact to the provision in the next and future reporting periods.

Contingent liabilities
The following matters are disclosed as contingent liabilities and given the status of these matters it is not possible to provide a range of possible
outcomes or a reliable estimate of potential future exposures for BHP, unless otherwise stated. A number of the claims below have not specified the
amount of damages sought and, where this is specified, amounts could change as the matter progresses. Ultimately, all the legal matters disclosed as
contingent liabilities could have a material adverse impact on BHP’s business, competitive position, cash flows, prospects, liquidity and shareholder
returns.


Federal Public Prosecution Office claim
BHP Brasil is among the defendants named in a claim brought by the Federal Public Prosecution Office on 3 May 2016, seeking R$155 billion
(approximately US$30 billion) for reparation, compensation and moral damages in relation to the Samarco dam failure.

The 12th Federal Court previously suspended the Federal Public Prosecution Office claim, including a R$7.7 billion (approximately US$1.5 billion)
injunction request. On 30 September 2020, Brazilian Federal and State prosecutors and public defenders filed a request for the immediate resumption of
the R$155 billion (approximately US$30 billion) claim, which was suspended since the date of ratification of the Governance Agreement. Formal
suspension of the claim ceased on 10 December 2021, however no further rulings have been made.

                                                                           F-21
BHP Brasil, Samarco, Vale and Federal and State prosecutors have been engaging in negotiations to seek a definitive and substantive settlement of the
obligations under the Framework Agreement and the R$155 billion (approximately US$30 billion) Federal Public Prosecution Office claim. The
negotiations are overseen by the President of the National Council of Justice, as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court in Brazil and are expected to
continue until at least the expected end of the term of the current President on 31 August 2022. Outcomes of the negotiations are highly uncertain and it
is therefore not possible to provide a reliable estimate of potential outcomes and there is a risk that a negotiated outcome may be materially higher than
amounts currently reflected in the Samarco dam failure provision.


Australian class action complaint
BHP Group Ltd is named as a defendant in a shareholder class action filed in the Federal Court of Australia on behalf of persons who acquired shares in
BHP Group Ltd on the Australian Securities Exchange or shares in BHP Group Plc on the London Stock Exchange and Johannesburg Stock Exchange in
periods prior to the Samarco dam failure. The amount of damages sought is unspecified.


United Kingdom group action complaint
BHP Group Plc and BHP Group Ltd were named as defendants in group action claims for damages filed in the courts of England. These claims were
filed on behalf of certain individuals, governments, businesses and communities in Brazil allegedly impacted by the Samarco dam failure. The amount
of damages sought in these claims is unspecified. In August 2019, the BHP parties filed a preliminary application to strike out or stay this action on
jurisdictional and other procedural grounds. That application was successful before the High Court and the action was dismissed. However, on 8 July
2022, the Court of Appeal reversed the dismissal decision and allowed the action to proceed in England. BHP Group Ltd and BHP Group (UK) Ltd
(formerly BHP Group Plc) will seek permission to appeal to the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom.


Criminal charges
The Federal Prosecutors’ Office has filed criminal charges against BHP Brasil, Samarco and Vale and certain employees and former employees of BHP
Brasil (Affected Individuals) in the Federal Court of Ponte Nova, Minas Gerais. On 3 March 2017, BHP Brasil filed its preliminary defences. The
Federal Court terminated the charges against eight of the Affected Individuals. The Federal Prosecutors’ Office has appealed seven of those decisions
with hearings of the appeals still pending. BHP Brasil rejects outright the charges against the company and the Affected Individuals and is defending
itself from all charges while fully supporting each of the Affected Individuals in their defence of the charges.


Civil public action commenced by Associations concerning the use of Tanfloc for water treatment
The Vila Lenira Residents Association, State of Espírito Santo Rural Producers and Artisans Association, Colatina Velha Neighborhood Residents
Association, and United for the Progress of Palmeiras Neighborhood Association have filed a lawsuit against Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale and others,
including the State of Minas Gerais, the State of Espirito Santo and the Federal Government. The plaintiffs allege that the defendants carried out a
clandestine study on the citizens of the locations affected by the Fundão’s Dam Failure, using TANFLOC – a tannin-based flocculant/coagulant – that is
currently used for wastewater treatment applications. The plaintiffs claim that this product allegedly put the population at risk due to its alleged
experimental qualities.

The plaintiffs are seeking multiple kinds of relief – material damage, moral damages, loss of profits – and that the defendants should pay for water
supply in all locations where there is no water source other than the Doce River.

On 25 July 2022, Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale presented their defences individually, as well as the State of Minas Gerais, the State of Espírito Santo
and the Federal Government. The Court’s decision is still pending.


Other claims
BHP Brasil is among the companies named as defendants in a number of legal proceedings initiated by individuals, non-governmental organisations,
corporations and governmental entities in Brazilian Federal and State courts following the Samarco dam failure. The other defendants include Vale,
Samarco and Fundação Renova. The lawsuits include claims for compensation, environmental reparation and violations of Brazilian environmental and
other laws, among other matters. The lawsuits seek various remedies including reparation costs, compensation to injured individuals and families of the
deceased, recovery of personal and property losses, moral damages and injunctive relief. In addition, government inquiries and investigations relating to
the Samarco dam failure have been commenced by numerous agencies of the Brazilian government and are ongoing.

Additional lawsuits and government investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure could be brought against BHP Brasil and possibly other BHP
entities in Brazil or other jurisdictions.


BHP insurance
BHP has various third party general liability and directors and officers insurances for claims related to the Samarco dam failure made directly against
BHP Brasil or other BHP entities, their directors and officers, including class actions. External insurers have been notified of the Samarco dam failure
along with the third party claims and class actions referred to above. In the period since the dam failure, the Group has recognised US$573 million other
income from general liability insurance proceeds related to the dam failure. Recoveries related to general liability insurance are now considered
complete.

As at 30 June 2022, an insurance receivable has not been recognised for any potential recoveries in respect of ongoing matters.

                                                                           F-22
Commitments
Under the terms of the Samarco joint venture agreement, BHP Brasil does not have an existing obligation to fund Samarco.

BHP has agreed to fund a total of up to US$1,350 million for the Fundação Renova programs and Samarco’s working capital during calendar year 2022.
Samarco’s cash flow generation in the period was sufficient to fund its working capital and the Fundação Renova programs, as such no funding was
provided by the Group in the six months to 30 June 2022. Any additional requests for funding or future investment provided would be subject to a future
decision by BHP, accounted for at that time.


Samarco judicial reorganisation
Samarco filed for Judicial Reorganisation (JR) in April 2021, with the Commercial Courts of Belo Horizonte, State of Minas Gerais, Brazil (JR Court),
after multiple enforcement actions taken by certain financial creditors of Samarco which threatened Samarco’s operations. The JR Court granted a stay
of the enforcement actions in Brazil until 15 October 2022.

The JR is an insolvency proceeding that provides a means for Samarco to seek to restructure its financial debts and establish a sustainable financial
position that allows Samarco to, among other things, continue to rebuild its operations and strengthen its ability to meet its Fundação Renova funding
obligations. Samarco’s operations have continued during the JR proceeding.

According to the list of creditors filed with the JR Court by the Judicial Administrators (who are in charge of a first review of the list of creditors filed
by Samarco), Fundação Renova’s funding obligations undertaken by Samarco are not subject to the JR, although some financial creditors of Samarco
have objected to this position. Some such creditors filed challenges to the list of creditors filed by the Judicial Administrators, in order to, among other
things, prevent Samarco from funding Fundação Renova. In December 2021, the 12th Federal Court granted BHP Brasil’s request that Samarco be able
to fund Fundação Renova obligations, overturning a temporary injunction against such funding previously granted by the State Court in October 2021.
BHP Brasil also obtained a preliminary injunction from the Superior Court supporting the jurisdiction of the 12th Federal Court, and not the State Court,
in this matter. An appeal against this ruling by certain financial creditors is still to be ruled upon. Samarco has, with the support of BHP Brasil and Vale,
continued to meet its Fundação Renova funding obligations.

In April 2022, Samarco presented a restructure proposal for voting at a meeting of its creditors under the JR proceeding, which was rejected by certain
of the Samarco financial creditors. Certain Samarco creditors, including a group of financial creditors and Samarco’s employee unions then proposed
alternative restructure proposals. Samarco, BHP Brasil and Vale subsequently each filed objections with the JR Court to both the voting process
regarding the rejection of the Samarco proposal and the restructure proposal filed by a group of financial creditors. These legal disputes, and others in
the JR process, have yet to be ruled on by the JR Court.

It is expected that there will be continuing litigation from creditors against Samarco and its shareholders over the course of the JR proceeding, including
with respect to the treatment of Samarco’s Fundação Renova-related obligations and attempts to pierce Samarco’s corporate veil to hold BHP Brasil and
Vale liable for Samarco’s debts. The duration and outcome of the JR remains uncertain with the potential for protracted litigation and appeals because,
among other things, the Samarco JR is occurring under new and untested Brazilian bankruptcy legislation.

While the JR is not expected to affect Samarco’s obligation or commitment to make full redress for the 2015 Fundão dam failure, and is not expected to
impact Fundação Renova’s ability to undertake that remediation and compensation, it is not possible to determine the outcomes of the JR or reliably
estimate any impact that the reorganisation may have for BHP Brasil, including its share of the Samarco dam failure provisions.

                                                                            F-23
The following section includes disclosure required by IFRS of Samarco’s provisions, contingencies and other matters arising from the dam failure
for matters in addition to the above-mentioned claims to which Samarco is a party.


Samarco
Dam failure related provisions and contingencies
In addition to its obligations under the Framework Agreement as at 30 June 2022, Samarco has recognised provisions of US$0.3 billion (30 June
2021: US$0.2 billion), based on currently available information. The magnitude, scope and timing of these additional costs are subject to a high
degree of uncertainty and Samarco has indicated that it anticipates that it will incur future costs beyond those provided. These uncertainties are likely
to continue for a significant period and changes to key assumptions could result in a material change to the amount of the provision in future
reporting periods. Any such unrecognised obligations are therefore contingent liabilities and, at present, it is not practicable to estimate their
magnitude or possible timing of payment. Accordingly, it is also not possible to provide a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of total
potential future exposures at this time.

Samarco is also named as a defendant in a number of other legal proceedings initiated by individuals, non-governmental organisations, corporations
and governmental entities in Brazilian Federal and State courts following the Samarco dam failure. The lawsuits include claims for compensation,
environmental rehabilitation and violations of Brazilian environmental and other laws, among other matters. The lawsuits seek various remedies
including rehabilitation costs, compensation to injured individuals and families of the deceased, recovery of personal and property losses, moral
damages and injunctive relief. In addition, government inquiries and investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure have been commenced by
numerous agencies of the Brazilian government and are ongoing. Given the status of proceedings it is not possible to provide a range of possible
outcomes or a reliable estimate of total potential future exposures to Samarco.

Additional lawsuits and government investigations relating to the Samarco dam failure could be brought against Samarco.


Samarco insurance
Samarco has standalone insurance policies in place with Brazilian and global insurers. Insurers’ loss adjusters or claims representatives continue to
investigate and assist with the claims process for matters not yet settled. As at 30 June 2022, an insurance receivable has not been recognised by
Samarco in respect of ongoing matters.


Samarco commitments
At 30 June 2022, Samarco has commitments of US$0.7 billion (30 June 2021: US$0.7 billion). Following the dam failure Samarco invoked force
majeure clauses in a number of long-term contracts with suppliers and service providers to suspend contractual obligations.


Samarco non-dam failure related contingent liabilities
The following non-dam failure related contingent liabilities pre-date and are unrelated to the Samarco dam failure. Samarco is currently contesting
both of these matters in the Brazilian courts. Given the status of these tax matters, the timing of resolution and potential economic outflow for
Samarco is uncertain.


Brazilian Social Contribution Levy
Samarco has received tax assessments for the alleged non-payment of Brazilian Social Contribution Levy for the calendar years 2007-2014 totalling
approximately R$6.2 billion (approximately US$1.2 billion).


Brazilian corporate income tax rate
Samarco has received tax assessments for alleged incorrect calculation of Corporate Income Tax (IRPJ) in respect of the 2000-2003 and 2007-2014
income years totalling approximately R$4.8 billion (approximately US$0.9 billion).

                                                                          F-24
5 Expenses and other income

                                                                                                                         2022       2021         2020
                                                                                                                         US$M       US$M         US$M
                                                                                                                                   Restated     Restated
Employee benefits expense:
     Wages, salaries and redundancies                                                                                     4,197       4,018        3,318
     Employee share awards                                                                                                  109          88           90
     Social security costs                                                                                                    4           3            2
     Pension and other post-retirement obligations                                                                          338         274          246
     Less employee benefits expense classified as exploration and evaluation expenditure                                    (30)        (26)         (15)
Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress                                                              (774)       (321)        (348)
Raw materials and consumables used                                                                                        5,991       4,899        5,472
Freight and transportation                                                                                                2,319       1,900        1,838
External services                                                                                                         4,525       4,640        3,899
Third-party commodity purchases                                                                                           2,959       2,220        1,098
Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                                                                        (326)        293         (617)
Fair value change on derivatives1                                                                                           (29)         87          393
Government royalties paid and payable                                                                                     4,014       3,080        2,171
Exploration and evaluation expenditure incurred and expensed in the current period                                          199         134          123
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                                     5,683       5,084        4,667
Net impairments:
     Property, plant and equipment                                                                                          515       2,474         482
     Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                                     –          33           –
All other operating expenses                                                                                              2,677       1,991       2,634
Total expenses                                                                                                           32,371      30,871      25,453
Insurance recoveries2                                                                                                        (4)        (46)       (489)
(Gain)/loss on disposal of subsidiaries and operations3                                                                    (840)          2           –
Dividend income4                                                                                                           (241)         (2)         (2)
Other income5                                                                                                              (313)       (334)       (229)
Total other income                                                                                                       (1,398)       (380)       (720)

1     Fair value change on derivatives is principally related to commodity price contracts, foreign exchange contracts and embedded derivatives used in
      the ordinary course of business as well as derivatives used as part of the funding of dividends.
2     Insurance recoveries is principally related to claims received from Samarco dam failure. Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam
      failure’ for further information.
3     Mainly relates to the divestment of BMC in FY2022. Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for further information.
4     During FY2022, the Group received dividends of US$238 million from Cerrejón, which reduced completion proceeds net of transaction costs to
      US$50 million. Refer to note 29 ‘Investments accounted for using the equity method’ for details.
5     Other income is generally income earned from transactions outside the course of the Group’s ordinary activities and may include certain
      management fees from non-controlling interests and joint arrangements, royalties and commission income.


Recognition and measurement
Other income is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with a transaction will flow to the Group and can be reliably
measured. Dividend income is recognised upon declaration.

                                                                          F-25
6 Income tax expense

                                                                                                                          2022       2021     2020
                                                                                                                          US$M       US$M     US$M
                                                                                                                                    Restated Restated
Total taxation expense comprises:
Current tax expense                                                                                                       10,673       9,018      4,285
Deferred tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                                64       1,598        (88)
                                                                                                                          10,737      10,616      4,197

                                                                                                                        2022         2021        2020
                                                                                                                        US$M         US$M        US$M
                                                                                                                                    Restated    Restated
Factors affecting income tax expense for the year
Income tax expense differs to the standard rate of corporation tax as follows:
Profit before taxation                                                                                                   33,137      24,292      12,825
Tax on profit at Australian prima facie tax rate of 30 per cent                                                           9,941       7,288       3,847
Non-tax effected operating losses and capital gains1                                                                      1,087       2,640         409
Tax on remitted and unremitted foreign earnings                                                                             441         485         225
Investment and development allowance                                                                                          –           –         (99)
Tax rate changes                                                                                                              –          (1)         (8)
Recognition of previously unrecognised tax assets                                                                            (3)        (28)         (7)
Tax effect of loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses2                                     (19)        315         153
Amounts (over)/under provided in prior years                                                                                (80)        (57)         13
Foreign exchange adjustments                                                                                               (233)        (33)         41
Impact of tax rates applicable outside of Australia                                                                        (801)       (669)       (272)
Other                                                                                                                        97         436         (86)
Income tax expense                                                                                                       10,430      10,376       4,216
Royalty-related taxation (net of income tax benefit)                                                                        307         240         (19)
Total taxation expense                                                                                                   10,737      10,616       4,197

1     Includes the tax impacts related to the exceptional impairments of US deferred tax assets in the year ended 30 June 2022, NSWEC and Potash in
      the year ended 30 June 2021 and Cerro Colorado in the year ended 30 June 2020, as presented in note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.
2     The loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses is net of income tax, with the exception of the Samarco forward
      exchange derivatives described in note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’. This item removes the prima facie tax effect on such loss,
      related impairments and expenses, excluding the impact of the Samarco forward exchange derivatives which are taxable.

Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income is as follows:

                                                                                                                         2022         2021       2020
                                                                                                                         US$M         US$M       US$M
Income tax effect of:
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement:
Hedges:
    Gains/(losses) taken to equity                                                                                           274        (259)        94
    (Gains)/losses transferred to the income statement                                                                      (264)        252        (89)
Others                                                                                                                         –          (1)         –
Income tax credit/(charge) relating to items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement                    10          (8)         5
Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement:
Remeasurement gains/(losses) on pension and medical schemes                                                                   (9)        (21)        25
Others                                                                                                                         –           1          1
Income tax (charge)/credit relating to items that will not be reclassified to the income statement                            (9)        (20)        26
Total income tax credit/(charge) relating to components of other comprehensive income1                                         1         (28)        31

1     Included within total income tax relating to components of other comprehensive income is US$1 million relating to deferred taxes and US$ nil
      relating to current taxes (2021: US$(28) million and US$ nil; 2020: US$31 million and US$ nil).

                                                                          F-26
Recognition and measurement
Taxation on the profit/(loss) for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Taxation is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case the tax effect is also recognised in equity or other
comprehensive income.

Current tax                                             Deferred tax                                             Royalty-related taxation
Current tax is the expected tax on the taxable          Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or        Royalties are treated as taxation arrangements
income for the year, using tax rates and laws           recoverable on differences between the carrying          (impacting income tax expense/(benefit))
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting       amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial       when they are imposed under government
date, and any adjustments to tax payable in respect     statements and the corresponding tax bases used          authority and the amount payable is calculated
of previous years.                                      in the computation of taxable profit, and is             by reference to revenue derived (net of any
                                                        accounted for in accordance with IAS 12.                 allowable deductions) after adjustment for
                                                                                                                 temporary differences. Obligations arising
                                                        Deferred tax is generally provided on temporary
                                                                                                                 from royalty arrangements that do not satisfy
                                                        differences arising between the tax bases of
                                                                                                                 these criteria are recognised as current
                                                        assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
                                                                                                                 liabilities and included in expenses.
                                                        in the Financial Statements. Deferred tax assets
                                                        are recognised to the extent that it is probable
                                                        that future taxable profits will be available
                                                        against which the temporary differences can be
                                                        utilised.
                                                        Deferred tax is not recognised for temporary
                                                        differences relating to:
                                                        •    initial recognition of goodwill
                                                        •    initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a
                                                             transaction that is not a business
                                                             combination and that affects neither
                                                             accounting nor taxable profit
                                                        •    investment in subsidiaries, associates and
                                                             jointly controlled entities where the Group
                                                             is able to control the timing of the reversal
                                                             of the temporary difference and it is
                                                             probable that they will not reverse in the
                                                             foreseeable future
                                                        Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are
                                                        expected to be applied when the asset is realised
                                                        or the liability is settled, based on the laws that
                                                        have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
                                                        reporting date.
                                                        Current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are
                                                        offset when the Group has a legally enforceable
                                                        right to offset and when the tax balances are
                                                        related to taxes levied by the same tax authority
                                                        and the Group intends to settle on a net basis, or
                                                        realise the asset and settle the liability
                                                        simultaneously.
                                                        The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is
                                                        reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to
                                                        the extent that it is no longer probable that
                                                        sufficient taxable profits will be available to
                                                        allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

                                                                            F-27
Uncertain tax and royalty matters
The Group operates across many tax jurisdictions. Application of tax law can be complex and requires judgement to assess risk and estimate outcomes,
particularly in relation to the Group’s cross-border operations and transactions. These judgements are subject to risk and uncertainty, hence there is a
possibility that changes in circumstances will alter expectations, which may impact the amount of tax assets and tax liabilities, including deferred tax,
recognised on the balance sheet and the amount of other tax losses and temporary differences not yet recognised. The evaluation of tax risks considers
both amended assessments received and potential sources of challenge from tax authorities. The status of proceedings for these matters will impact the
ability to determine the potential exposure and in some cases, it may not be possible to determine a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of
the potential exposure.

The Group has unresolved tax and royalty matters for which the timing of resolution and potential economic outflow are uncertain. Tax and royalty
matters with uncertain outcomes arise in the normal course of business and occur due to changes in tax law, changes in interpretation of tax law, periodic
challenges and disagreements with tax authorities and legal proceedings.

Tax and royalty obligations assessed as having probable future economic outflows capable of reliable measurement are provided for as at 30 June 2022.
Matters with a possible economic outflow and/or presently incapable of being measured reliably are contingent liabilities and disclosed in note 32
‘Contingent liabilities’. Details of uncertain tax and royalty matters relating to Samarco are disclosed in note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam
failure’.


 Key judgements and estimates
 Income tax classification
 Judgements: The Group’s accounting policy for taxation, including royalty-related taxation, requires management’s judgement as to the types of
 arrangements considered to be a tax on income in contrast to an operating cost.


 Deferred tax
 Judgements: Judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that are recognised based on the likely timing and the level of
 future taxable profits. Judgement is applied in recognising deferred tax liabilities arising from temporary differences in investments. These deferred
 tax liabilities caused principally by retained earnings held in foreign tax jurisdictions are recognised unless repatriation of retained earnings can be
 controlled and is not expected to occur in the foreseeable future.

 Estimates: The Group assesses the recoverability of recognised and unrecognised deferred taxes, including losses in Australia, the United States and
 Canada on a consistent basis. Estimates and assumptions relating to projected earnings and cash flows as applied in the Group impairment process
 are used for operating assets.

                                                                            F-28
7    Earnings per share

                                                                                                                           2022        2021           2020
                                                                                                                                      Restated       Restated
Earnings attributable to BHP shareholders (US$M)
- Continuing operations                                                                                                   20,245         11,529        7,848
- Total                                                                                                                   30,900         11,304        7,956
Weighted average number of shares (Million)
- Basic                                                                                                                     5,061         5,057        5,057
- Diluted                                                                                                                   5,071         5,068        5,069
Basic earnings per ordinary share (US cents)
- Continuing operations                                                                                                     400.0         228.0        155.2
- Total                                                                                                                     610.6         223.5        157.3
Diluted earnings per ordinary share (US cents)
- Continuing operations                                                                                                     399.2         227.5        154.8
- Total                                                                                                                     609.3         223.0        157.0
Headline earnings per ordinary share (US cents)
- Basic                                                                                                                     439.0         284.8        171.1
- Diluted                                                                                                                   438.1         284.2        170.7

Refer to note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’ for basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share for Discontinued operations.
Earnings on American Depositary Shares represent twice the earnings for BHP Group Limited ordinary shares.

Headline earnings is a Johannesburg Stock Exchange defined performance measure and is reconciled from earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders
as follows:

                                                                                                                               2022       2021        2020
                                                                                                                               US$M       US$M        US$M
Earnings attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                      30,900     11,304       7,956
Adjusted for:
(Gain)/loss on sales of PP&E, Investments and Operations1                                                                         (95)        (50)         4
Impairments of property, plant and equipment, financial assets and intangibles                                                    515       2,633        494
Samarco impairment expense                                                                                                          –         111         95
Cerrejón impairment expense                                                                                                         –         466          –
Gain on disposal of BHP Mitsui Coal                                                                                              (840)          –          –
Gain on merger of Petroleum                                                                                                    (8,167)          –          –
Other2                                                                                                                              –           –         48
Tax effect of above adjustments                                                                                                   (97)        (60)        54
Subtotal of adjustments                                                                                                        (8,684)      3,100        695
Headline earnings                                                                                                              22,216      14,404      8,651
Diluted headline earnings                                                                                                      22,216      14,404      8,651

1     Included in other income.
2     Mainly represent BHP share of impairment embedded in the statutory income statement of the Group’s equity accounted investments.


Recognition and measurement
Diluted earnings attributable to BHP shareholders are equal to the earnings attributable to BHP shareholders.
Prior to Group’s corporate structure unification, the calculation of the number of ordinary shares used in the computation of basic earnings per share was
the aggregate of the weighted average number of ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc outstanding during the period after
deduction of the number of shares held by the Billiton Employee Share Ownership Trust and the BHP Billiton Limited Employee Equity Trust. Effective
from 31 January 2022, the aggregate of the weighted average number of ordinary shares of only BHP Group Limited is considered in the computation of
basic earnings per share. Refer to note 16 ‘Share capital’ for details on unification.

For the purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share, the effect of 10 million dilutive shares has been taken into account for the year ended 30 June
2022 (2021: 11 million shares; 2020: 12 million shares). The Group’s only potential dilutive ordinary shares are share awards granted under the
employee share ownership plans for which terms and conditions are described in note 25 ‘Employee share ownership plans’. Diluted earnings per share
calculation excludes instruments which are considered antidilutive.

At 30 June 2022, there are no instruments which are considered antidilutive (2021: nil; 2020: nil).

                                                                           F-29
Working capital
8    Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                                            2022       2021
                                                                                                                                            US$M       US$M
Trade receivables                                                                                                                            4,411      4,450
Other receivables1                                                                                                                           1,168      1,946
Total                                                                                                                                        5,579      6,396
Comprising:
    Current                                                                                                                                  5,426      6,059
    Non-current                                                                                                                                153        337

1     Other receivables mainly relate to indirect tax refunds and receivables from joint venture partners.


Recognition and measurement
Trade receivables are recognised initially at their transaction price or, for those receivables containing a significant financing component, at fair value.
Trade receivables are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less an allowance for impairment, except for
provisionally priced receivables which are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss under IFRS 9.

The collectability of trade and other receivables is assessed continuously. At the reporting date, specific allowances are made for any expected credit
losses based on a review of all outstanding amounts at reporting period-end. Individual receivables are written off when management deems them
unrecoverable. The net carrying amount of trade and other receivables approximates their fair values.


Credit risk
Trade receivables generally have terms of less than 30 days. The Group has no material concentration of credit risk with any single counterparty and is
not dominantly exposed to any individual industry.

Credit risk can arise from the non-performance by counterparties of their contractual financial obligations towards the Group. To manage credit risk, the
Group maintains Group-wide procedures covering the application for credit approvals, granting and renewal of counterparty limits, proactive monitoring
of exposures against these limits and requirements triggering secured payment terms. As part of these processes, the credit exposures with all
counterparties are regularly monitored and assessed on a timely basis. The credit quality of the Group’s customers is reviewed and the solvency of each
debtor and their ability to pay the receivable is considered in assessing receivables for impairment.

The 10 largest customers represented 34 per cent (2021: 31 per cent) of total credit risk exposures managed by the Group.

Receivables are deemed to be past due or impaired in accordance with the Group’s terms and conditions. These terms and conditions are determined on
a case-by-case basis with reference to the customer’s credit quality, payment performance and prevailing market conditions. As at 30 June 2022, trade
receivables of US$103 million (2021: US$68 million) were past due but not impaired. The majority of these receivables were less than 30 days overdue.

At 30 June 2022, trade receivables are stated net of provisions for expected credit losses of US$3 million (2021: US$3 million).

                                                                             F-30
9 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                                                         2022       2021
                                                                                                                                         US$M       US$M
Trade payables                                                                                                                            5,360      5,079
Other payables                                                                                                                            1,327      1,948
Total                                                                                                                                     6,687      7,027
Comprising:
    Current                                                                                                                               6,687      7,027
    Non-current                                                                                                                               –          –

10 Inventories

                                                            2022        2021                                      Definitions
                                                           US$M         US$M
Raw materials and consumables                                1,713       1,904       Spares, consumables and other supplies yet to be utilised in the
                                                                                     production process or in the rendering of services.
Work in progress                                             3,827        3,046      Commodities currently in the production process that require further
                                                                                     processing by the Group to a saleable form.
Finished goods                                                 710         834       Commodities ready-for-sale and not requiring further processing by
                                                                                     the Group.
Total1                                                       6,250        5,784
Comprising:                                                                          Inventories classified as non-current are not expected to be utilised
    Current                                                  4,935        4,426      or sold within 12 months after the reporting date or within the
    Non-current                                              1,315        1,358      operating cycle of the business.

1     Inventory write-downs of US$163 million were recognised during the year (2021: US$58 million; 2020: US$37 million). Inventory write-downs
      of US$23 million made in previous periods were reversed during the year (2021: US$26 million; 2020: US$8 million).


Recognition and measurement
Regardless of the type of inventory and its stage in the production process, inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is
determined primarily on the basis of average costs and involves estimates of expected metal recoveries and work in progress volumes, calculated using
available industry, engineering and scientific data. These estimates are periodically reassessed by the Group taking into account technical analysis and
historical performance.

For processed inventories, cost is derived on an absorption costing basis. Cost comprises costs of purchasing raw materials and costs of production,
including attributable mining and manufacturing overheads taking into consideration normal operating capacity.

Inventory quantities are assessed primarily through surveys and assays.

                                                                           F-31
Resource assets
11 Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                 Other                           Exploration
                                                                  Land and         Plant and     mineral      Assets under           and
                                                                  buildings        equipment      assets      construction        evaluation       Total
                                                                   US$M              US$M        US$M            US$M               US$M           US$M
Net book value – 30 June 2022
At the beginning of the financial year                                 8,072          44,682        8,941            10,432             1,686       73,813
Additions1                                                                41           1,935          792             5,872               137        8,777
Remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts2                          –            (369)           –                 –                 –         (369)
Depreciation for the year                                               (663)         (5,564)        (276)                –                 –       (6,503)
Impairments for the year3                                                (14)           (499)          (2)                –                 –         (515)
Disposals                                                                 (3)            (22)           –                 –                 –          (25)
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations4                 (448)         (8,007)        (545)           (3,549)             (842)     (13,391)
Transfers and other movements                                          1,094           3,344         (416)           (3,724)             (790)        (492)
At the end of the financial year5                                      8,079          35,500        8,494             9,031               191       61,295
– Cost                                                                14,823          81,218       14,353             9,755               981      121,130
– Accumulated depreciation and impairments                            (6,744)        (45,718)      (5,859)             (724)             (790)     (59,835)
Net book value – 30 June 2021
At the beginning of the financial year                                 8,387          39,429        8,652            13,774             2,120       72,362
Additions1                                                                25           3,841          797             5,961                93       10,717
Acquisition of subsidiaries & operations6                                  –             151          491                 –                 –          642
Remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts2                          –             (59)           –                 –                 –          (59)
Depreciation for the year                                               (694)         (5,748)        (310)                –                 –       (6,752)
Impairments for the year3                                               (208)           (877)        (687)             (745)              (66)      (2,583)
Disposals                                                                (18)             (9)           –                 –                 –          (27)
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations                     –             (14)           –                (2)                –          (16)
Transfers and other movements                                            580           7,968           (2)           (8,556)             (461)        (471)
At the end of the financial year5                                      8,072          44,682        8,941            10,432             1,686       73,813
– Cost                                                                14,545         108,049       15,059            11,177             2,531      151,361
– Accumulated depreciation and impairments                            (6,473)        (63,367)      (6,118)             (745)             (845)     (77,548)

1     Includes change in estimates and net foreign exchange gains/(losses) related to the closure and rehabilitation provisions for operating sites. Refer
      to note 15 ‘Closure and rehabilitation provisions’.
2     Relates to remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts including continuous voyage charters (CVCs). Refer to note 21 ‘Leases’.
3     Refer to note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’ for information on impairments.
4     BMC and Petroleum were disposed in May 2022 and June 2022 respectively. Refer to notes 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and 27 ‘Discontinued
      operations’ for more information.
5     Includes the carrying value of the Group’s right-of-use assets relating to land and buildings and plant and equipment of US$2,361 million (2021:
      US$3,350 million). Refer to note 21 ‘Leases’ for the movement of the right-of-use assets.
6     Relates to the acquisition of an additional 28 per cent working interest in Shenzi.


Recognition and measurement
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment charges. Cost is the fair value of consideration given to
acquire the asset at the time of its acquisition or construction and includes the direct costs of bringing the asset to the location and the condition
necessary for operation and the estimated future costs of closure and rehabilitation of the facility.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
liabilities. Refer to note 21 ‘Leases’ for further details. Right-of-use assets are presented within the category of property, plant and equipment according
to the nature of the underlying asset leased.

                                                                            F-32
Exploration and evaluation
Exploration costs are incurred to discover mineral resources. Evaluation costs are incurred to assess the technical feasibility and commercial viability of
resources found.

Exploration and evaluation expenditure is charged to the income statement as incurred, except in the following circumstances in which case the
expenditure may be capitalised:
•     the exploration and evaluation activity is within an area of interest that was previously acquired as an asset acquisition or in a business
      combination and measured at fair value on acquisition or
•     the existence of a commercially viable mineral deposit has been established

A regular review of each area of interest is undertaken to determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward costs in relation to that area.
Capitalised costs are only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to be recovered through the successful exploitation of the area of interest
or alternatively by its sale. To the extent that capitalised expenditure is no longer expected to be recovered, it is charged to the income statement.


Development expenditure
When proven mineral reserves are determined and development is sanctioned, capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure is reclassified as assets
under construction within property, plant and equipment. All subsequent development expenditure is capitalised and classified as assets under
construction, provided commercial viability conditions continue to be satisfied.

The Group may use funds sourced from external parties to finance the acquisition and development of assets and operations. Finance costs are expensed
as incurred, except where they relate to the financing of construction or development of qualifying assets. Borrowing costs directly attributable to
acquiring or constructing a qualifying asset are capitalised during the development phase. Development expenditure is net of proceeds from the saleable
material extracted during the development phase. On completion of development, all assets included in assets under construction are reclassified as
either plant and equipment or other mineral assets and depreciation commences.


Other mineral assets
Other mineral assets comprise:
•     capitalised exploration, evaluation and development expenditure for assets in production
•     mineral rights acquired
•     capitalised development and production stripping costs


Overburden removal costs
The process of removing overburden and other waste materials to access mineral deposits is referred to as stripping. Stripping is necessary to obtain
access to mineral deposits and occurs throughout the life of an open-pit mine. Development and production stripping costs are classified as other mineral
assets in property, plant and equipment.

Stripping costs are accounted for separately for individual components of an ore body. The determination of components is dependent on the mine plan
and other factors, including the size, shape and geotechnical aspects of an ore body. The Group accounts for stripping activities as follows:


Development stripping costs
These are initial overburden removal costs incurred to obtain access to mineral deposits that will be commercially produced. These costs are capitalised
when it is probable that future economic benefits (access to mineral ores) will flow to the Group and costs can be measured reliably.

Once the production phase begins, capitalised development stripping costs are depreciated using the units of production method based on the proven and
probable reserves of the relevant identified component of the ore body which the initial stripping activity benefits.

                                                                            F-33
Production stripping costs
These are post initial overburden removal costs incurred during the normal course of production activity, which commences after the first saleable
minerals have been extracted from the component. Production stripping costs can give rise to two benefits, the accounting for which is outlined below:

                                                                                           Production stripping activity
Benefits of stripping activity                          Extraction of ore (inventory) in current period.   Improved access to future ore extraction.
Period benefited                                        Current period                                       Future period(s)
Recognition and measurement criteria                    When the benefits of stripping activities are        When the benefits of stripping activities are
                                                        realised in the form of inventory produced; the      improved access to future ore; production costs
                                                        associated costs are recorded in accordance with     are capitalised when all the following criteria
                                                        the Group’s inventory accounting policy.             are met:
                                                                                                             •    the production stripping activity improves
                                                                                                                  access to a specific component of the ore
                                                                                                                  body and it is probable that economic
                                                                                                                  benefits arising from the improved access
                                                                                                                  to future ore production will be realised
                                                                                                             •    the component of the ore body for which
                                                                                                                  access has been improved can be
                                                                                                                  identified
                                                                                                             •    costs associated with that component can
                                                                                                                  be measured reliably
Allocation of costs                                     Production stripping costs are allocated between the inventory produced and the production
                                                        stripping asset using a life-of-component waste-to-ore (or mineral contained) strip ratio. When the
                                                        current strip ratio is greater than the estimated life-of-component ratio a portion of the stripping
                                                        costs is capitalised to the production stripping asset.
Asset recognised from stripping activity                Inventory                                            Other mineral assets within property, plant and
                                                                                                             equipment.
Depreciation basis                                      Not applicable                                       On a component-by-component basis using the
                                                                                                             units of production method based on proven
                                                                                                             and probable reserves.


 Key judgements and estimates
 Judgements: Judgement is applied by management in determining the components of an ore body.
 Estimates: Estimates are used in the determination of stripping ratios and mineral reserves by component. Changes to estimates related to life-of-
 component waste-to-ore (or mineral contained) strip ratios and the expected ore production from identified components are accounted for
 prospectively and may affect depreciation rates and asset carrying values.


Depreciation
Depreciation of assets, other than land, assets under construction and capitalised exploration and evaluation that are not depreciated, is calculated using
either the straight-line (SL) method or units of production (UoP) method, net of residual values, over the estimated useful lives of specific assets. The
depreciation method and rates applied to specific assets reflect the pattern in which the asset’s benefits are expected to be used by the Group. The
Group’s proved reserves for petroleum assets and proved and probable reserves for minerals assets are used to determine UoP depreciation unless doing
so results in depreciation charges that do not reflect the asset’s useful life. Where this occurs, alternative approaches to determining reserves are applied,
such as using management’s expectations of future oil and gas prices rather than yearly average prices, to provide a phasing of periodic depreciation
charges that better reflects the asset’s expected useful life.

Where assets are dedicated to a mine or petroleum lease, the useful lives below are subject to the lesser of the asset category’s useful life and the life of
the mine or petroleum lease, unless those assets are readily transferable to another productive mine or lease.

Assets classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell and therefore not depreciated. BMC
and Petroleum were classified as held for sale since November 2021 and December 2021 respectively.

 Key estimates
 The determination of useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods involves estimates and assumptions and is reviewed annually. Any
 changes to useful lives or any other estimates or assumptions, including the expected impact of climate change and the transition to a lower carbon
 economy, may affect prospective depreciation rates and asset carrying values. The table below summarises the principal depreciation methods and
 rates applied to major asset categories by the Group.

                                                                                                                                Capitalised exploration,
                                                                                                                                evaluation and
                                                                                    Plant and      Mineral rights and           development
  Category                                                     Buildings            equipment      petroleum interests          expenditure
  Typical depreciation methodology                             SL                   SL             UoP                          UoP
  Depreciation rate                                            25-50 years          3-30 years     Based on the rate of         Based on the rate of
                                                                                                   depletion of reserves        depletion of reserves


Commitments
The Group’s commitments for capital expenditure were US$2,820 million as at 30 June 2022 (2021: US$2,469 million). The Group’s commitments
related to leases are included in note 21 ‘Leases’.

                                                                             F-34
12 Intangible assets

                                                                                             2022                                       2021
                                                                                              Other                                      Other
                                                                             Goodwill      intangibles      Total       Goodwill      intangibles     Total
                                                                              US$M           US$M           US$M         US$M           US$M          US$M
Net book value
At the beginning of the financial year                                            1,197             240       1,437         1,197            377           1,574
Additions                                                                             –              36          36             –             23              23
Amortisation for the year                                                             –             (60)        (60)            –            (93)            (93)
Impairments for the year1                                                             –               –           –             –            (52)            (52)
Disposals                                                                             –             (16)        (16)            –              –               –
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations2                               –             (66)        (66)            –              –               –
Transfers and other movements                                                         –              38          38             –            (15)            (15)
At the end of the financial year                                                  1,197             172       1,369         1,197            240           1,437
– Cost                                                                            1,197           1,363       2,560         1,197          1,506           2,703
– Accumulated amortisation and impairments                                            –          (1,191)     (1,191)            –         (1,266)         (1,266)

1     Refer to note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’ for information on impairments.
2     Relates to the merger of Petroleum with Woodside. Refer to note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’ for more information.


Recognition and measurement
Goodwill
Where the fair value of the consideration paid for a business acquisition exceeds the fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
liabilities acquired, the difference is treated as goodwill. Where consideration is less than the fair value of acquired net assets, the difference is
recognised immediately in the income statement. Goodwill is not amortised and is measured at cost less any impairment losses.


Other intangibles
The Group capitalises amounts paid for the acquisition of identifiable intangible assets, such as software, licences and initial payments for the
acquisition of mineral lease assets, where it is considered that they will contribute to future periods through revenue generation or reductions in cost.
These assets, classified as finite life intangible assets, are carried in the balance sheet at the fair value of consideration paid (cost) less accumulated
amortisation and impairment charges. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. The estimated
useful lives are generally no greater than eight years.

Initial payments for the acquisition of intangible mineral lease assets are capitalised and amortised over the term of the permit. A regular review is
undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward costs in relation to that area. Capitalised costs are
only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to be recovered through the successful exploitation of the area of interest or alternatively by its
sale. To the extent that capitalised expenditure is no longer expected to be recovered, it is charged to the income statement.

Assets classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell and therefore not amortised.

                                                                             F-35
13 Impairment of non-current assets

                                                                                                                         2022
                                                                                             Property,                               Equity-
                                                                                             plant and        Goodwill and          accounted
Cash generating unit                                                          Segment       equipment       other intangibles      investment      Total
                                                                                              US$M               US$M                 US$M         US$M
Cerro Colorado                                                                Copper                455                     –                –       455
Other                                                                         Various                60                     –                –        60
Total impairment of non-current assets                                                              515                     –                –       515
Reversal of impairment                                                                                –                     –                –         –
Net impairment of non-current assets – Continuing operations                                        515                     –                –       515
Net impairment of non-current assets – Discontinued operations                                        –                     –                –         –
Net impairment of non-current assets                                                                515                     –                –       515

                                                                                                                        2021
                                                                                                                       Restated
                                                                                             Property,                               Equity-
                                                                                             plant and        Goodwill and          accounted
Cash generating unit                                                          Segment       equipment        other intangibles     investment       Total
                                                                                              US$M                US$M                US$M          US$M
New South Wales Energy Coal                                                   Coal                1,025                     32               –       1,057
Cerrejón                                                                      Coal                    –                      –            466          466
Potash                                                                        G&U                 1,314                      –               –       1,314
Other                                                                         Various               135                      1               –         136
Total impairment of non-current assets                                                            2,474                     33            466        2,973
Reversal of impairment                                                                                –                      –               –           –
Net impairment of non-current assets – Continuing operations                                      2,474                     33            466        2,973
Net impairment of non-current assets – Discontinued operations                                      109                     19               –         128
Net impairment of non-current assets                                                              2,583                     52            466        3,101


Recognition and measurement
Impairment tests for all non-financial assets (excluding goodwill) are performed when there is an indication of impairment. Goodwill is tested for
impairment at least annually. Where the asset does not generate cash flows that are independent from other assets, the Group estimates the recoverable
amount of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs, being the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are
largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. If the carrying amount of the asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount,
the asset or CGU is impaired and an impairment loss is charged to the income statement so as to reduce the carrying amount in the balance sheet to its
recoverable amount.

Previously impaired assets (excluding goodwill as impairment losses are not reversed in subsequent periods) are reviewed for possible reversal of
previous impairment at each reporting date. Impairment reversal cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of
depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset or CGU. Such reversal is recognised in the income statement. There were no
reversals of impairment in the current or prior year.


How recoverable amount is calculated
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less cost of disposal (FVLCD) and its value in use (VIU).


Fair value less cost of disposal
FVLCD is an estimate of the amount that a market participant would pay for an asset or CGU, less the cost of disposal. FVLCD for mineral assets is
generally determined using independent market assumptions to calculate the present value of the estimated future post-tax cash flows expected to arise
from the continued use of the asset, including the anticipated cash flow effects of any capital expenditure to enhance production or reduce cost, and its
eventual disposal where a market participant may take a consistent view. Cash flows are discounted using an appropriate post-tax market discount rate to
arrive at a net present value of the asset, which is compared against the asset’s carrying value. FVLCD may also take into consideration other market-
based indicators of fair value. FVLCD are based primarily on Level 3 inputs as defined in note 23 ‘Financial risk management’ unless otherwise noted.


Value in use
VIU is determined as the present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to arise from the continued use of the asset in its present form and its
eventual disposal or closure. VIU is determined by applying assumptions specific to the Group’s continued use and cannot take into account future
development. These assumptions are different to those used in calculating FVLCD and consequently the VIU calculation is likely to give a different
result (usually lower) to a FVLCD calculation.

                                                                           F-36
Impairment of non-current assets (excluding goodwill)
Impairment of non-current assets relating to the year ended 30 June 2022 are detailed below.


Impairment of Cerro Colorado
The Group recognised a pre-tax impairment charge of US$455 million. The impairment charge primarily relates to an increase in closure and
rehabilitation provision at Cerro Colorado due to additional work required to re-profile waste dumps for closure and an increase in scope for the closure
activities.

Impairments of non-current assets relating to the year ended 30 June 2021 are detailed below.


Impairment of New South Wales Energy Coal
The Group recognised pre-tax impairment charges of US$1,057 million. The recoverable amount of negative US$300 million as at 30 June 2021 was
determined using VIU methodology, applying discounted cash flow (DCF) techniques. The valuation for NSWEC was most sensitive to changes in
energy coal prices, estimated future production volumes and discount rates. The valuation applied a post-tax real discount rate of 6.5 per cent.


Impairment of Cerrejón
The Group recognised a pre-tax impairment charge of US$466 million. The recoverable amount of US$284 million as at 30 June 2021 represented a
FVLCD based on the expected net sale proceeds.


Impairment of Potash assets
The Group recognised a pre-tax impairment charge of US$1,314 million. The recoverable amount of US$3.3 billion as at 30 June 2021 was determined
using FVLCD methodology, applying DCF techniques. The valuation was most sensitive to changes in the long-term potash price outlook and the
risking applied to the future development phases of the potash resource. The valuation applied a post-tax real discount rate of 6.5 per cent.


Impairment test for goodwill
The carrying amount of goodwill has been allocated to the CGUs, or groups of CGUs, as follows:

Cash generating unit                                                                                                                    2022       2021
                                                                                                                                        US$M       US$M
Olympic Dam                                                                                                                              1,010      1,010
Other                                                                                                                                      187        187
Total goodwill                                                                                                                           1,197      1,197

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
previous business combinations, which represent the level at which management will monitor and manage goodwill.

Olympic Dam goodwill
Impairment test conclusion                                                       The Group performed an impairment test of the Olympic Dam CGU,
                                                                                 including goodwill, as at 31 December 2021 and an impairment charge
                                                                                 was not required. A goodwill impairment test was not required at 30 June
                                                                                 2022 as there were no indicators of impairment.
How did the goodwill arise?                                                      Goodwill arose on the acquisition of WMC Resources Ltd in June 2005.
Segment                                                                          Olympic Dam is part of the Copper reportable segment.
How were the valuations calculated?                                              FVLCD methodology using DCF techniques has been applied in
                                                                                 determining the recoverable amount of Olympic Dam.
Significant assumptions and sensitivities                                        The current valuation of Olympic Dam exceeds its carrying amount by
                                                                                 approximately US$2.4 billion (2021: US$1.8 billion) and is most
                                                                                 sensitive to changes in copper and gold commodity prices, production
                                                                                 volumes, operating costs and discount rates. The valuation applied a
                                                                                 post-tax real discount rate of 6.5 per cent (2021: 6 per cent).
                                                                                 Management consider that there are no reasonably possible changes in
                                                                                 copper and gold price forecasts, operating cost estimates or the discount
                                                                                 rate that would, in isolation, result in the estimated recoverable amount
                                                                                 being equal to the carrying amount.
                                                                                 A production volume decrease of 6 per cent (2021: 4.8 per cent) across
                                                                                 all commodities (copper, gold, silver and uranium) would, in isolation,
                                                                                 result in the estimated recoverable amount being equal to the carrying
                                                                                 amount. Typically, changes in any one of the aforementioned
                                                                                 assumptions (including operating performance) would be accompanied
                                                                                 by a change in another assumption which may have an offsetting impact.
                                                                                 Action is usually taken to respond to adverse changes in assumptions to
                                                                                 mitigate the impact of any such change.
                                                                                 Key judgements and estimates that have been applied in the FVLCD
                                                                                 valuation are disclosed further below.


Other goodwill
Goodwill held by other CGUs is US$187 million (2021: US$187 million). This represents less than one per cent of net assets at 30 June 2022 (2021:
less than one per cent). There was no impairment of other goodwill in the year to 30 June 2022 (2021: US$ nil).

                                                                          F-37
Key judgements and estimates
Judgements: Assessment of indicators of impairment or impairment reversal and the determination of CGUs for impairment purposes require
significant management judgement.

Indicators of impairment may include changes in the Group’s operating and economic assumptions, including those arising from changes in
reserves or mine planning, updates to the Group’s commodity supply, demand and price forecasts, or the possible additional impacts from emerging
risks including those related to climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy.


Climate change
Impacts related to climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy may include:
•     demand for the Group’s commodities decreasing, due to policy, regulatory (including carbon pricing mechanisms), legal, technological, market
      or societal responses to climate change, resulting in a proportion of a CGU’s reserves becoming incapable of extraction in an economically
      viable fashion
•     physical impacts related to acute risks resulting from increased frequency or severity of extreme weather events, and those related to chronic
      risks resulting from longer-term changes in climate patterns

The Group’s assessment of the potential impacts of climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy continues to mature. As outlined in
the Basis of Preparation, where sufficiently developed, the potential financial impacts on the Group of climate change and the transition to a low
carbon economy have been considered in the assessment of indicators of impairment, including:
•     the Group’s current assumptions relating to demand for commodities and carbon pricing, including their impact on the Group’s long-term price
      forecasts
•     the Group’s operational emissions reduction strategy

Estimates: The Group performs a recoverable amount determination for an asset or CGU when there is an indication of impairment or impairment
reversal.

When the recoverable amount is measured by reference to FVLCD, in the absence of quoted market prices or binding sale agreement, estimates are
made regarding the present value of future post-tax cash flows. These estimates are made from the perspective of a market participant and include
prices, future production volumes, operating costs, capital expenditure, closure and rehabilitation costs, taxes, risking factors applied to cash flows
and discount rates. The cash flow forecasts may include net cash flows expected from the extraction, processing and sale of material that does not
currently qualify for inclusion in reserves. Reserves and resources are included in the assessment of FVLCD to the extent that it is considered
probable that a market participant would attribute value to them.

When recoverable amount is measured using VIU, estimates are made regarding the present value of future cash flows based on internal budgets
and forecasts and life of asset plans. Key estimates are similar to those identified for FVLCD, although some assumptions and values may differ as
they reflect the perspective of management rather than a market participant.

All estimates require management judgements and assumptions and are subject to risk and uncertainty that may be beyond the control of the
Group; hence, there is a possibility that changes in circumstances will materially alter projections, which may impact the recoverable amount of
assets/CGUs at each reporting date. While no indicators of impairment, or impairment reversal, were identified across the Group’s CGUs at
30 June 2022, with the exception of the Cerro Colorado CGU, the carrying value of the Spence CGU is the most susceptible to changes in the
significant estimates outlined below in the next reporting period.

The significant estimates impacting the Group’s recoverable amount determinations are:


Commodity prices
Commodity prices were based on latest internal forecasts which assume short-term market prices will revert to the Group’s assessment of long-term
price. These price forecasts reflect management’s long-term views of global supply and demand, built upon past experience of the commodity
markets and are benchmarked with external sources of information such as analyst forecasts. Prices are adjusted based upon premiums or discounts
applied to global price markers to reflect the location, nature and quality of the Group’s production, or to take into account contracted prices.


Future production volumes
Estimated production volumes were based on detailed data and took into account development plans established by management as part of the
Group’s long-term planning process. When estimating FVLCD, assumptions reflect all reserves and resources that a market participant would
consider when valuing the respective CGU, which in some cases are broader in scope than the reserves that would be used in a VIU test. In
determining FVLCD, risk factors may be applied to reserves and resources which do not meet the criteria to be treated as proved.


Cash outflows (including operating costs, capital expenditure, closure and rehabilitation costs and taxes)
Cash outflows are based on internal budgets and forecasts and life of asset plans. Cost assumptions reflect management experience and
expectations. Tax assumptions reflect existing tax and royalty regimes and rates applicable in the jurisdiction of the CGU. In the case of FVLCD,
cash flow projections include the anticipated cash flow effects of any capital expenditure to enhance production or reduce cost where a market
participant may take a consistent view. VIU does not take into account future development.


Discount rates
The Group uses real post-tax discount rates applied to real post-tax cash flows. The discount rates are derived using the weighted average cost of
capital methodology. Adjustments to the rates are made for any risks that are not reflected in the underlying cash flows, including country risk.


                                                                          F-38
14 Deferred tax balances
The movement for the year in the Group’s net deferred tax position is as follows:

                                                                                                                                 2022      2021      2020
                                                                                                                                 US$M      US$M      US$M
Net deferred tax (liability)/asset
At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                           (1,402)      (91)     (491)
Income tax (charge)/credit recorded in the income statement1                                                                       (125)   (1,325)      335
Income tax (charge)/credit recorded directly in equity                                                                              (42)       42        34
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations2                                                                          (1,439)        –         –
Other movements                                                                                                                       1       (28)       31
At the end of the financial year                                                                                                 (3,007)   (1,402)      (91)

1     Includes Discontinued operations income tax (charge)/credit to the income statement of US$(61) million (2021: US$273 million; 2020: US$247
      million).
2     Relates to the divestment of BMC and merger of Petroleum with Woodside. Refer to notes 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and 27 ‘Discontinued operations’
      for more information.

For recognition and measurement refer to note 6 ‘Income tax expense’.

The composition of the Group’s net deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised in the balance sheet and the deferred tax expense charged/(credited) to
the income statement is as follows:

                                                                                       Deferred tax         Deferred tax          Charged/(credited) to
                                                                                          assets             liabilities          the income statement
                                                                                      2022     2021        2022       2021       2022     2021     2020
                                                                                      US$M US$M            US$M US$M             US$M US$M US$M
Type of temporary difference
Depreciation1                                                                            (526)   (1,349)     4,844      4,716       554       488     1,394
Exploration expenditure                                                                     9        51          –          –        13       347        51
Employee benefits                                                                          21        94       (322)      (333)       20       (68)      (38)
Closure and rehabilitation                                                                104       638     (1,448)    (2,086)       24      (515)     (334)
Resource rent tax                                                                           –       122          –        368      (129)     (309)     (119)
Other provisions                                                                           70       108       (192)      (227)       49        77      (268)
Deferred income                                                                            51        11         (1)       (16)      (31)      (31)       33
Deferred charges                                                                          (57)      (36)       584        602         7        68      (132)
Investments, including foreign tax credits                                                139       147        365        671      (298)      414       (77)
Foreign exchange gains and losses                                                         (13)       (3)       154        133        33        63       (18)
Tax losses                                                                                225     1,999       (307)       (82)       28       678      (148)
Lease liability1                                                                           17        68       (594)      (658)      (10)       67      (793)
Other                                                                                      16        62        (20)       226      (135)       46       114
Total                                                                                      56     1,912      3,063      3,314       125     1,325      (335)

1     Includes deferred tax associated with the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on adoption of IFRS 16. Refer to note 21 ‘Leases’.

The amount of deferred tax assets dependent on future taxable profits not arising from the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, and which relate to
tax jurisdictions where the taxable entity has suffered a loss in the current or preceding year, was US$18 million at 30 June 2022 (2021: US$1,675
million). The decrease from FY2021 is primarily attributable to the disposal of assets giving rise to these deferred tax assets as part of the merger of
Petroleum with Woodside. For operating assets, the group assesses the recoverability of these deferred tax assets using estimates and assumptions
relating to projected earnings and cash flows as applied in the Group impairment process for associated operations. Further information on the key
judgements and estimates relating to the recognition of deferred tax assets is provided in note 6 ‘Income tax expense’.

                                                                            F-39
The composition of the Group’s unrecognised deferred tax assets and liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2022       2021
                                                                                                                                          US$M       US$M
Unrecognised deferred tax assets
Tax losses and tax credits1                                                                                                                 8,462     5,944
Investments in subsidiaries2                                                                                                                1,597     1,712
Deductible temporary differences relating to PRRT3                                                                                              –     2,402
Mineral rights4                                                                                                                             2,781     3,359
Other deductible temporary differences5                                                                                                     1,777     1,630
Total unrecognised deferred tax assets                                                                                                     14,617    15,047
Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities
Investments in subsidiaries2                                                                                                                2,099     2,203
Future taxable temporary differences relating to unrecognised deferred tax asset for PRRT3                                                      –       720
Total unrecognised deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 2,099     2,923

1     At 30 June 2022, the Group had income and capital tax losses with a tax benefit of US$5,777 million (2021: US$3,569 million) and tax credits of
      US$2,685 million (2021: US$2,375 million), which are not recognised as deferred tax assets, because it is not probable that future taxable profits
      or capital gains will be available against which the Group can utilise the benefits.

      The gross amount of tax losses carried forward that have not been recognised is as follows:

      Year of expiry                                                                                                                       2022      2021
                                                                                                                                           US$M      US$M
      Income tax losses
      Not later than one year                                                                                                                   –        13
      Later than one year and not later than two years                                                                                          –         5
      Later than two years and not later than five years                                                                                       43       105
      Later than five years and not later than 10 years                                                                                       248     1,449
      Later than 10 years and not later than 20 years                                                                                       1,290     3,347
      Unlimited                                                                                                                             4,157     4,799
                                                                                                                                            5,738     9,718
      Capital tax losses
      Not later than one year                                                                                                                   –         –
      Later than two years and not later than five years                                                                                        –         –
      Unlimited                                                                                                                            14,173     4,238
      Gross amount of tax losses not recognised                                                                                            19,911    13,956
      Tax effect of total losses not recognised                                                                                             5,777     3,569
      Of the US$2,685 million of tax credits, US$2,129 million expires not later than 10 years and US$556 million expires later than 10 years and not
      later than 20 years.
2     The Group had deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities associated with undistributed earnings of subsidiaries that have not been recognised
      because the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is not probable that these differences will reverse
      in the foreseeable future. Where the Group has undistributed earnings held by associates and joint interests, the deferred tax liability will be
      recognised as there is no ability to control the timing of the potential distributions.
3     The Group had unrecognised deferred tax assets relating to Australian Petroleum Resource Rent Tax (PRRT) in FY2021. The assets giving rise to
      these deferred tax assets were disposed as part of the merger of Petroleum with Woodside. Refer to note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’ for more
      information.
4     The Group had deductible temporary differences relating to mineral rights for which deferred tax assets had not been recognised because it is not
      probable that future capital gains will be available against which the Group can utilise the benefits. The deductible temporary differences do not
      expire under current tax legislation.
5     The Group had other deductible temporary differences for which deferred tax assets had not been recognised because it is not probable that future
      taxable profits will be available against which the Group can utilise the benefits. The deductible temporary differences do not expire under current
      tax legislation.

                                                                            F-40
15 Closure and rehabilitation provisions

                                                                                                                                         2022     2021
                                                                                                                                        US$M      US$M
At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                  11,910     8,810
Capitalised amounts for operating sites:
     Change in estimate                                                                                                                  1,579     1,974
     Exchange translation                                                                                                                 (694)      483
Adjustments charged/(credited) to the income statement:
     Increases to existing and new provisions                                                                                             174        564
     Exchange translation                                                                                                                 (58)        76
     Released during the year                                                                                                             (42)      (157)
Other adjustments to the provision:
     Amortisation of discounting impacting net finance costs                                                                               554       380
     Acquisition of subsidiaries and operations                                                                                              –       179
     Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations                                                                             (4,477)      (81)
     Expenditure on closure and rehabilitations activities                                                                                (316)     (321)
     Exchange variations impacting foreign currency translation reserve                                                                     (3)        3
     Other movements                                                                                                                        62         –
At the end of the financial year                                                                                                         8,689    11,910
Comprising:
     Current                                                                                                                               475       591
     Non-current                                                                                                                         8,214    11,319
     Operating sites                                                                                                                     6,198     9,279
     Closed sites                                                                                                                        2,491     2,631

The Group is required to close and rehabilitate sites and associated facilities at the end of or, in some cases, during the course of production to a
condition acceptable to the relevant authorities, as specified in licence requirements and the Group’s closure performance requirements as set out within
Our Charter.

The key components of closure and rehabilitation activities are:
•     the removal of all unwanted infrastructure associated with an operation
•     the return of disturbed areas to a safe, stable and self-sustaining condition, consistent with the agreed post-closure land use

                                                                            F-41
Recognition and measurement
Provisions for closure and rehabilitation are recognised by the Group when:
•     it has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events
•     it is more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation
•     the amount can be reliably estimated

Initial recognition and measurement                                                  Subsequent measurement
Closure and rehabilitation provisions are initially recognised when an               The closure and rehabilitation asset, recognised within property, plant
environmental disturbance first occurs. The individual site provisions are an        and equipment, is depreciated over the life of the operations. The value
estimate of the expected value of future cash flows required to close the            of the provision is progressively increased over time as the effect of
relevant site using current standards and techniques and taking into account         discounting unwinds, resulting in an expense recognised in net finance
risks and uncertainties. Individual site provisions are discounted to their          costs.
present value using currency specific discount rates aligned to the estimated
                                                                                     The closure and rehabilitation provision is reviewed at each reporting
timing of cash outflows.
                                                                                     date to assess if the estimate continues to reflect the best estimate of the
When provisions for closure and rehabilitation are initially recognised, the         obligation. If necessary, the provision is remeasured to account for
corresponding cost is capitalised as an asset, representing part of the cost of      factors such as:
acquiring the future economic benefits of the operation.
                                                                                     •    additional disturbance during the period
                                                                                     •    revisions to estimated reserves, resources and lives of operations
                                                                                          including any changes to expected operating lives arising from the
                                                                                          Group’s latest assessment of the potential impacts of climate change
                                                                                          and the transition to a low carbon economy
                                                                                     •    developments in technology
                                                                                     •    changes to regulatory requirements and environmental management
                                                                                          strategies
                                                                                     •    changes in the estimated extent and costs of anticipated activities,
                                                                                          including the effects of inflation and movements in foreign
                                                                                          exchange rates
                                                                                     •    movements in interest rates affecting the discount rate applied
                                                                                     Changes to the closure and rehabilitation estimate for operating sites are
                                                                                     added to, or deducted from, the related asset and amortised on a
                                                                                     prospective basis over the remaining life of the operation, generally
                                                                                     applying the units of production method.
                                                                                     Costs arising from unforeseen circumstances, such as the contamination
                                                                                     caused by unplanned discharges, are recognised as an expense and
                                                                                     liability when the event gives rise to an obligation that is probable and
                                                                                     capable of reliable estimation.


Closed sites
Where future economic benefits are no longer expected to be derived through operation, changes to the associated closure and remediation costs are
charged to the income statement in the period identified. This amounted to US$74 million in the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: US$483 million; 2020:
US$669 million).

                                                                              F-42
Key estimates
Closure cost estimates are generally based on conceptual level studies early in the operating life of an asset with more detailed studies and planning
performed as closure risks (including those related to climate change) are identified and/or as an asset, or parts thereof, near closure. As such, the
recognition and measurement of closure and rehabilitation provisions requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not
limited to:
•     the extent (due to legal or constructive obligations) of potential activities required for the removal of infrastructure, decharacterisation of tailings
      storage facilities and rehabilitation activities
•     costs associated with future closure activities
•     the extent and period of post-closure monitoring and maintenance, including water management
•     applicable discount rates
•     the timing of cash flows and ultimate closure of operations

The extent, cost and timing of future closure activities may also be impacted by the potential physical impacts of climate change. In estimating the
potential cost of closure activities, the Group considers factors such as long-term weather outlooks, for example forecast changes in rainfall patterns.
Closure cost estimates also consider the impact of the Group’s energy transition strategy on the costs and timing of performing closure activities and
the impact of new technology when appropriately developed and tested. For example, closure cost estimates largely continue to reflect the use of
existing fuel sources for the Group’s equipment while the Group continues to invest in the development of alternative fuel sources and fleet
electrification.

Estimates for post-closure monitoring and maintenance reflect the Group’s strategies for individual sites, which may include possible relinquishment.
The period of monitoring and maintenance included in the provision requires judgement and considers regulatory and licencing requirements, the
outcomes of studies and management’s current assessment of stakeholder expectations. As post-closure monitoring and maintenance may be required
for significant periods beyond the completion of other closure activities, it is exposed to the potential long-term impacts of climate change, particularly
changes in rainfall patterns. While reflecting management’s current best estimate, the cost of post-closure monitoring and maintenance may change in
future reporting periods as the understanding of, and potential long-term impacts from, climate change continue to evolve.

While progressive closure is performed across a number of operations, significant activities are generally undertaken at the end of the production life at
the individual sites, the estimated timing of which is informed by the Group’s current assumptions relating to demand for commodities and carbon
pricing, and their impact on the Group’s long-term price forecasts.

Remaining production lives range from 2-104 years (2021: 3-91 years). Given the generally shorter remaining operational lives of the Group’s
previously held Petroleum assets, the average remaining production life for all operating sites, weighted by current closure provision, has increased to
approximately 29 years (2021: 27 years). The discount rates applied to the Group’s closure and rehabilitation provisions are determined by reference to
the currency of the closure cash flows, the period over which the cash flows will be incurred and prevailing market interest rates (where available). The
Group continues to monitor current market conditions with no change made to the Group’s discount rates in the current year.

The increase in closure and rehabilitation provisions relating to continuing operating sites reflects updates to the expected cost and timing of closure
activities across the Group’s portfolio, with the most significant increases in the year ended 30 June 2022 being at BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA)
and Cerro Colorado.

For BMA, the increase largely reflects a preliminary assessment of the potential impacts on BMA mine lives resulting from:
•     the significant increase in coal royalties applicable in Queensland from 1 July 2022
•     consideration of the Group’s long term outlook for metallurgical coal commodity prices, which reflects a range of drivers of commodity demand
      and supply, for example, the latest climate-related announcements from key market countries
These factors have resulted in the Group recognising that the end of operations at BMA sites may be earlier than previously anticipated. The best
estimate of the impact on the estimated closure cash flows and their timing, and therefore the discounting of the provision, contributed to an increase in
the provision, and associated rehabilitation asset, of approximately US$750 million. Given the timing of the announcement of the change to the
Queensland coal royalty regime and the preliminary nature of the assessment, further changes to the provision may arise in future reporting periods.

At Cerro Colorado, additional work required to re-profile waste dumps for closure and an increase in scope for other closure activities have contributed
to an increase in the closure provision of approximately US$400 million. As operations are ongoing at Cerro Colorado the increase has initially been
capitalised. However, given the proximity to closure and the estimated future cash flows of Cerro Colorado the resulting rehabilitation asset has been
impaired as outlined in note 13 ‘Impairment of non-current assets’.

While the closure and rehabilitation provisions reflect management’s best estimates based on current knowledge and information, further studies, trials
and detailed analysis of relevant knowledge and resultant closure activities for individual assets continue to be performed throughout the life of asset.
Such studies and analysis can impact the estimated costs of closure activities. Estimates can also be impacted by the emergence of new closure and
rehabilitation techniques, changes in regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations for closure (including costs associated with equitable
transition), development of new technologies, risks relating to climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy, and experience at other
operations. These uncertainties may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided for in the balance sheet.


Sensitivity
A 0.5 per cent increase in the discount rates applied at 30 June 2022 would result in a decrease to the closure and rehabilitation provision of
approximately US$675 million, a decrease in property, plant and equipment of approximately US$490 million in relation to operating sites and an
income statement credit of approximately US$185 million in respect of closed sites. In addition, the change would result in a decrease of
approximately US$70 million to depreciation expense and a US$25 million increment in net finance costs for the year ending 30 June 2023.

Given the long-lived nature of the majority of the Group’s assets, the majority of final closure activities are generally not expected to occur for a
significant period of time.

However, a one-year acceleration in forecast cash flows of the Group’s closure and rehabilitation provisions, in isolation, would result in an increase to
the provision of approximately US$185 million, an increase in property, plant and equipment of US$125 million in relation to operating sites and an
income statement charge of US$60 million in respect of closed sites.

                                                                            F-43
Capital structure

16 Share capital

                                                         BHP Group Limited                                           BHP Group Plc
                                               2022            2021                  2020              2022               2021               2020
                                              shares          shares                shares            shares             shares             shares
Share capital issued
Opening number of shares                   2,945,851,394      2,945,851,394      2,945,851,394     2,112,071,796      2,112,071,796     2,112,071,796
Issue of shares                                4,400,000                  –                  –                 –                  –                 –
Corporate structure unification            2,112,071,796                  –                  –    (2,112,071,796)                 –                 –
Purchase of shares by ESOP Trusts             (8,704,669)        (7,587,353)        (5,975,189)          (63,567)          (185,054)         (185,297)
Employee share awards exercised
   following vesting                            8,522,684         6,948,683          6,893,113             77,748           173,644           222,245
Movement in treasury shares under
   Employee Share Plans                          181,985            638,670           (917,924)           (14,181)           11,410           (36,948)
Closing number of shares                   5,062,323,190      2,945,851,394      2,945,851,394                  –     2,112,071,796     2,112,071,796
Comprising:
     Shares held by the public             5,061,272,144      2,944,982,333      2,945,621,003                  –     2,112,057,615     2,112,069,025
     Treasury shares                           1,051,046            869,061            230,391                  –            14,181             2,771
Other share classes
5.5% Preference shares of £1 each                       –                  –                 –                  –            50,000             50,000
Special Voting share of no par value                    –                  1                 1                  –                 –                  –
Special Voting share of US$0.50 par
   value                                                –                  –                 –                  –                  1                 1
DLC Dividend share                                      –                  1                 1                  –                  –                 –

During August 2021, BHP Group Limited issued 4,400,000 fully paid ordinary shares to the BHP Billiton Limited Employee Equity Trust at A$52.99
per share, to satisfy the vesting of employee share awards and related dividend equivalent entitlements under those employee share plans.

On 3 September 2021, BHP Group Plc acquired by way of gift from J.P. Morgan Limited the 50,000 issued 5.5 per cent cumulative preference shares of
£1.00, in the capital of BHP Group Plc. These preference shares held by BHP Group Plc were cancelled on 31 January 2022.

On 31 January 2022, 2,112,071,796 fully paid ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited were issued to BHP Group Plc shareholders in a one for one
exchange of their BHP Group Plc ordinary shares, resulting in BHP Group Limited becoming the sole parent company of the Group with a single set of
shareholders.

BHP Group Plc had one Special Voting share on issue and BHP Group Limited had one Special Voting share and one DLC dividend share on issue to
facilitate operation of the Group’s dual listed structure. These shares were bought back for nominal value in January 2022 and subsequently cancelled.

                                                                          F-44
Share capital of BHP Group Limited at 30 June 2022 is composed of the following classes of shares:

Ordinary shares fully paid                                                       Treasury shares
Each fully paid ordinary share of BHP Group Limited carries the right to one     Treasury shares are shares of BHP Group Limited that are held by the
vote at a meeting of the Company.                                                ESOP Trusts for the purpose of issuing shares to employees under the
                                                                                 Group’s Employee Share Plans. Treasury shares are recognised at cost
                                                                                 and deducted from equity, net of any income tax effects. When the
                                                                                 treasury shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration
                                                                                 received, net of any directly attributable costs and income tax effects, is
                                                                                 recognised as an increase in equity. Any difference between the carrying
                                                                                 amount and the consideration, if reissued, is recognised in retained
                                                                                 earnings.

The following classes of shares existed prior to the Group’s unification on 31 January 2022:

Special Voting shares                                  Preference shares                                  DLC Dividend share
Each of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc            Preference shares have the right to repayment of The DLC Dividend share supported the Dual
issued one Special Voting share to facilitate joint    the amount paid up on the nominal value and any Listed Company (DLC) equalisation
voting by shareholders of BHP Group Limited and        unpaid dividends in priority to the holders of any principles in place since the merger in 2001,
BHP Group Plc on Joint Electorate Actions.             other class of shares in BHP Group Plc on a        including the requirement that ordinary
                                                       return of capital or winding up. The holders of    shareholders of BHP Group Plc and BHP
                                                       preference shares have limited voting rights if    Group Limited are paid equal cash dividends
                                                       payment of the preference dividends are six        per share. This share enabled efficient and
                                                       months or more in arrears or a resolution is       flexible capital management across the DLC
                                                       passed changing the rights of the preference       and was issued on 23 February 2016 at par
                                                       shareholders.                                      value of US$10.

                                                                          F-45
17 Other equity

                                        2022      2021     2020    Recognition and measurement
                                        US$M      US$M     US$M
Share premium account                       –       518      518  The share premium account represented the premium paid on the issue of BHP
                                                                  Group Plc shares recognised in accordance with the UK Companies Act 2006.
                                                                  It was transferred to the common control reserve as part of the unification of
                                                                  the Group’s corporate structure.
Capital redemption reserve                   –      177      177 The capital redemption reserve represented the par value of BHP Group Plc
                                                                  shares that were purchased and subsequently cancelled. It was transferred to
                                                                  the common control reserve as part of unification of the Group’s corporate
                                                                  structure.
Common control reserves                 (1,603)       –        – The common control reserve arose on unification of the Group’s corporate
                                                                  structure and represents the residual on consolidation between BHP Group
                                                                  Ltd’s investment in BHP Group Plc’s and BHP Group Plc’s share capital, share
                                                                  premium and capital redemption reserve at the time of unification.
Employee share awards reserve             174       268      246 The employee share awards reserve represents the accrued employee
                                                                  entitlements to share awards that have been charged to the income statement
                                                                  and have not yet been exercised.
                                                                  Once exercised, the difference between the accumulated fair value of the
                                                                  awards and their historical on-market purchase price is recognised in retained
                                                                  earnings.
Cash flow hedge reserve                    41       100       50 The cash flow hedge reserve represents hedging gains and losses recognised on
                                                                  the effective portion of cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or loss
                                                                  on the hedge is recognised in the income statement when the hedged
                                                                  transaction impacts the income statement, or is recognised as an adjustment to
                                                                  the cost of non-financial hedged items. The hedging reserve records the portion
                                                                  of the gain or loss on a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that is
                                                                  determined to be an effective hedge relationship.
Cost of hedging reserve                    (19)     (54)     (23) The cost of hedging reserve represents the recognition of certain costs of
                                                                  hedging for example, basis adjustments, which have been excluded from the
                                                                  hedging relationship and deferred in other comprehensive income until the
                                                                  hedged transaction impacts the income statement.
Foreign currency translation reserve       (14)      43       39 The foreign currency translation reserve represents exchange differences
                                                                  arising from the translation of non-US dollar functional currency operations
                                                                  within the Group into US dollars.
Equity investments reserve                  (8)      15       16 The equity investment reserve represents the revaluation of investments in
                                                                  shares recognised through other comprehensive income. Where a revalued
                                                                  financial asset is sold, the relevant portion of the reserve is transferred to
                                                                  retained earnings.
Non-controlling interest contribution    1,441    1,283    1,283 The non-controlling interest contribution reserve represents the excess of
  reserve                                                         consideration received over the book value of net assets attributable to equity
                                                                  instruments when acquired by non-controlling interests.
Total reserves                             12     2,350    2,306

                                                                    F-46
Summarised financial information relating to each of the Group’s subsidiaries with non-controlling interests (NCI) that are material to the Group before
any intra-group eliminations is shown below:

                                                                                      2022                                           2021
                                                                                         Other                                         Other
                                                                                    individually                                   individually
                                                                                     immaterial                                     immaterial
                                                                                     subsidiaries                                  subsidiaries
                                                                     Minera           (incl. intra                 Minera           (incl. intra
                                                                    Escondida           -group                    Escondida           -group
US$M                                                                Limitada        eliminations)       Total     Limitada        eliminations)      Total
Group share (per cent)                                                    57.5                                         57.5
Current assets                                                           2,929                                        2,996
Non-current assets                                                      11,636                                       11,867
Current liabilities                                                     (2,192)                                      (1,912)
Non-current liabilities                                                 (4,762)                                      (4,733)
Net assets                                                               7,611                                        8,218
Net assets attributable to NCI                                           3,235                 574      3,809         3,493                 848      4,341
Revenue                                                                  9,500                                        9,470
Profit after taxation                                                    3,522                                        3,605
Other comprehensive income                                                  11                                           27
Total comprehensive income                                               3,533                                        3,632
Profit after taxation attributable to NCI                                1,497                 658      2,155         1,532                 615      2,147
Other comprehensive income attributable to NCI                               5                   –          5            11                   –         11
Net operating cash flow                                                  4,519                                        5,007
Net investing cash flow                                                   (860)                                        (655)
Net financing cash flow                                                 (4,029)                                      (4,001)
Dividends paid to NCI                                                    1,760                 780      2,540         1,590                 537      2,127

While the Group controls Minera Escondida Limitada, the non-controlling interests hold certain protective rights that restrict the Group’s ability to sell
assets held by Minera Escondida Limitada, or use the assets in other subsidiaries and operations owned by the Group. Minera Escondida Limitada is
also restricted from paying dividends without the approval of the non-controlling interests.

                                                                           F-47
18 Dividends

                                                                                         Year ended               Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                        30 June 2022             30 June 2021            30 June 2020
                                                                                     Per share    Total       Per share    Total      Per share    Total
                                                                                      US cents    US$M        US cents US$M           US cents US$M
Dividends paid during the period1
Prior year final dividend                                                                  200      10,119           55    2,779            78    3,946
Interim dividend                                                                           150       7,601          101    5,115            65    3,288
                                                                                           350      17,720          156    7,894           143    7,234

1     5.5 per cent dividend on 50,000 preference shares of £1 each determined and paid for financial years 2021 and 2020. No dividend paid for the
      financial year 2022. These preference shares were cancelled on 31 January 2022.

Dividends paid during the period differs from the amount of dividends paid in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement as a result of foreign exchange
gains and losses relating to the timing of equity distributions between the record date and the payment date. Additional derivative proceeds of US$127
million were received as part of the funding of the interim dividend and is disclosed in Proceeds/(settlements) of cash management related instruments
in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.

Prior to the corporate structure unification, the Dual Listed Company merger terms required that ordinary shareholders of BHP Group Limited and BHP
Group Plc were paid equal cash dividends on a per share basis.

Each American Depositary Share (ADS) represents two ordinary shares of BHP Group Limited. Dividends determined on each ADS represent twice the
dividend determined on BHP Group Limited ordinary share.

Dividends are determined after period-end and announced with the results for the period. Interim dividends are determined in February and paid in
March. Final dividends are determined in August and paid in September. Dividends determined are not recorded as a liability at the end of the period to
which they relate. Subsequent to year-end, on 16 August 2022, BHP Group Limited determined a final dividend of 175 US cents per share (US$8,857
million), which will be paid on 22 September 2022 (30 June 2021: final dividend of 200 US cents per share – US$10,114 million; 30 June 2020: final
dividend of 55 US cents per share – US$2,782 million).

BHP Group Limited dividends for all periods presented are, or will be, fully franked based on a tax rate of 30 per cent.

                                                                                                                             2022       2021     2020
                                                                                                                             US$M       US$M     US$M
Franking credits as at 30 June                                                                                                7,007     14,302   10,980
Franking credits arising from the payment of current tax                                                                      2,043      1,799      471
Total franking credits available1                                                                                             9,050     16,101   11,451

1     The payment of the final 2022 dividend determined after 30 June 2022 will reduce the franking account balance by US$3,796 million.

In addition to dividends paid, the Group made an in specie dividend to eligible BHP shareholders during the period by distributing the 914,768,948
Woodside shares it received as consideration for the sale of BHP Petroleum. The closing price of Woodside shares on ASX on 31 May 2022 was
A$29.76. The implied value of the in specie dividend was therefore A$27.2 billion (US$19.6 billion). At this valuation, the in specie dividend was
approximately A$5.38 (US$3.86), with A$2.30 (US$1.66) of franking credits being distributed, per BHP share. Further detail are detailed in note 27
‘Discontinued operations’.

19 Provisions for dividends and other liabilities
The disclosure below excludes closure and rehabilitation provisions (refer to note 15 ‘Closure and rehabilitation provisions’), employee benefits,
restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits provisions (refer to note 26 ‘Employee benefits, restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits
provisions’) and provisions related to the Samarco dam failure (refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’).

                                                                                                                                      2022       2021
                                                                                                                                      US$M       US$M
Movement in provision for dividends and other liabilities
At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                    581     1,240
Dividends determined                                                                                                                   17,720     7,894
Charge/(credit) for the year:
     Underlying                                                                                                                           493       260
     Discounting                                                                                                                            1         2
     Exchange variations                                                                                                                  122        20
     Released during the year                                                                                                             (48)      (43)
Utilisation                                                                                                                               (96)     (267)
Dividends paid                                                                                                                        (17,851)   (7,901)
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations                                                                                   (146)        –
Transfers and other movements                                                                                                            (102)     (624)
At the end of the financial year                                                                                                          674       581
Comprising:
     Current                                                                                                                              356      293
     Non-current                                                                                                                          318      288

                                                                           F-48
Financial management
20 Net debt
The Group seeks to maintain a strong balance sheet and deploys its capital with reference to the Capital Allocation Framework.

The Group monitors capital using the net debt balance and the gearing ratio, being the ratio of net debt to net debt plus net assets.

The net debt definition includes the fair value of derivative financial instruments used to hedge cash and borrowings which reflects the Group’s risk
management strategy of reducing the volatility of net debt caused by fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates.

Under IFRS 16/AASB16 ‘Leases’, vessel lease contracts are required to be remeasured at each reporting date to the prevailing freight index. While these
liabilities are included in the Group interest bearing liabilities, they are excluded from the net debt calculation as they do not align with how the Group
assesses net debt for decision making in relation to the Capital Allocation Framework. In addition, the freight index has historically been volatile which
creates significant short-term fluctuation in these liabilities.

                                                                                                      2022                                   2021
US$M                                                                                      Current        Non-current            Current         Non-current
Interest bearing liabilities
Bank loans                                                                                     397               2,075              437                1,823
Notes and debentures                                                                         1,690               9,673            1,244               13,525
Lease liabilities                                                                              519               2,057              889                3,007
Bank overdraft and short-term borrowings                                                         –                   –                –                    –
Other                                                                                           16                   1               58                    –
Total interest bearing liabilities                                                           2,622              13,806            2,628               18,355
Less: Lease liability associated with index-linked freight contracts                           113                 161              346                  679
Less: Cash and cash equivalents
Cash                                                                                         5,728                    –           4,408                    –
Short-term deposits                                                                         11,508                    –          10,838                    –
Less: Total cash and cash equivalents                                                       17,236                    –          15,246                    –
Less: Derivatives included in net debt
Net debt management related instruments1                                                      (358)             (1,330)                 20               537
Net cash management related instruments2                                                       273                   –                  34                  –
Less: Total derivatives included in net debt                                                   (85)             (1,330)                 54               537
Net debt                                                                                                           333                                 4,121
Net assets                                                                                                      48,766                                55,605
Gearing                                                                                                            0.7%                                   6.9%

1     Represents the net cross currency and interest rate swaps designated as effective hedging instruments included within current and non-current
      other financial assets and liabilities.
2     Represents the net forward exchange contracts included within current and non-current other financial assets and liabilities.

Cash and short-term deposits are disclosed in the cash flow statement net of bank overdrafts and interest bearing liabilities at call.

                                                                                                                                 2022        2021      2020
                                                                                                                                 US$M        US$M      US$M
Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  17,236      15,246    13,426
Bank overdrafts and short-term borrowings                                                                                             –           –         –
Total cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts                                                                               17,236      15,246    13,426

Cash and cash equivalents includes US$127 million (2021: US$159 million) restricted by legal or contractual arrangements.


Recognition and measurement
Cash and short-term deposits in the balance sheet comprise cash at bank and on hand and highly liquid cash deposits with short-term maturities that are
readily convertible to known amounts of cash with insignificant risk of change in value. The Group considers that the carrying value of cash and cash
equivalents approximate fair value due to their short-term to maturity. Refer to note 21 ‘Leases’ and note 23 ‘Financial risk management’ for the
recognition and measurement principles for lease liabilities and other financial liabilities.

                                                                            F-49
Interest bearing liabilities and cash and cash equivalents include balances denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                      Interest bearing liabilities             Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                       2022                2021                 2022              2021
                                                                                      US$M                US$M                 US$M              US$M
USD                                                                                       8,813              11,146               7,654             12,003
EUR                                                                                       3,463               4,505               2,656                  4
GBP                                                                                       2,621               3,415                  30                 32
AUD                                                                                         783               1,053               3,360                573
CAD                                                                                         584                  635              3,437              2,455
Other                                                                                       164                  229                 99                179
Total                                                                                    16,428              20,983              17,236             15,246

The Group enters into derivative transactions to convert the majority of its exposures above into US dollars. Further information on the Group’s risk
management activities relating to these balances is provided in note 23 ‘Financial risk management’.


Liquidity risk
The Group’s liquidity risk arises from the possibility that it may not be able to settle or meet its obligations as they fall due and is managed as part of the
portfolio risk management strategy. Operational, capital and regulatory requirements are considered in the management of liquidity risk, in conjunction
with short-term and long-term forecast information.

Recognising the cyclical volatility of operating cash flows, the Group has defined minimum target cash and liquidity buffers to be maintained to mitigate
liquidity risk and support operations through the cycle.

The Group’s strong credit profile, diversified funding sources, its minimum cash buffer and its committed credit facilities ensure that sufficient liquid
funds are maintained to meet its daily cash requirements.

The Group’s Moody’s credit rating has remained at A2/P-1 outlook stable (long-term/short-term) throughout FY2022 and Moody’s affirmed its credit
rating on 2 June 2022. The Group’s Standard & Poor’s rating changed from A/A-1 outlook stable (long-term/short-term) to A/A-1 CreditWatch negative
(long-term/short-term) on 23 August 2021 following the announcement of the proposed merger of our petroleum business with Woodside. Upon
completion of the merger, on 1 June 2022 Standard & Poor’s lowered the Group’s long-term credit rating by one notch, removed the credit rating from
CreditWatch, and confirmed a credit rating of A-/A-1 outlook stable (long-term/short-term).

There were no defaults on the Group’s liabilities during the period.


Counterparty risk
The Group is exposed to credit risk from its financing activities, including short-term cash investments such as deposits with banks and derivative
contracts. This risk is managed by Group Treasury in line with the counterparty risk framework, which aims to minimise the exposure to a counterparty
and mitigate the risk of financial loss through counterparty failure.

Exposure to counterparties is monitored at a Group level across all products and includes exposure with derivatives and cash investments.

Investments and derivatives are only transacted with approved counterparties who have been assigned specific limits based on a quantitative credit risk
model. These limits are updated at least bi-annually. Additionally, derivatives are subject to tenor limits and investments are subject to concentration
limits by rating.

Derivative fair values are inclusive of valuation adjustments that take into account both the counterparty and the Group’s risk of default.


Standby arrangements and unused credit facilities
The Group’s committed revolving credit facility operates as a back-stop to the Group’s uncommitted commercial paper program. The combined amount
drawn under the facility or as commercial paper will not exceed US$5.5 billion. As at 30 June 2022, US$ nil commercial paper was drawn (2021: US$
nil). The facility was amended in November 2021 for IBOR transition and is due to mature on 10 October 2026. A commitment fee is payable on the
undrawn balance and interest is payable on any drawn balance comprising a reference rate plus a margin. The agreed margins are typical for a credit
facility extended to a company with the Group’s credit rating.

                                                                             F-50
Maturity profile of financial liabilities
The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on the undiscounted contractual amounts, taking into account the derivatives related to
debt, is as follows:

                                                                 Expected                                           Obligations         Trade
                                              Bank loans,          future        Derivatives                           under              and
2022                                        debentures and        interest        related to         Other              lease            other
US$M                                          other loans        payments        debentures        derivatives       liabilities       payables1        Total
Due for payment:
In one year or less or on demand                      2,109             492               525              221                579           6,608       10,534
In more than one year but not more
   than two years                                     1,634             427               300              112                443               –        2,916
In more than two years but not more
   than five years                                    2,609           1,032               492              246                936               –        5,315
In more than five years                               7,550           3,705             1,467              245              1,470               –       14,437
Total                                                13,902           5,656             2,784              824              3,428           6,608       33,202
Carrying amount                                      13,852               –             1,824              752              2,576           6,608       25,612

                                                                 Expected                                            Obligations
                                             Bank loans,           future        Derivatives                            under          Trade and
2021                                        debentures and        interest        related to         Other               lease           other
US$M                                          other loans        payments        debentures        derivatives        liabilities      payables1        Total
Due for payment:
In one year or less or on demand                      1,722             729                61              149                980           6,851       10,492
In more than one year but not more
   than two years                                     2,278             661               267                80               680               –        3,966
In more than two years but not more
   than five years                                    4,062           1,492               256              240              1,397               –        7,447
In more than five years                               7,801           4,136               585              317              1,842               –       14,681
Total                                                15,863           7,018             1,169              786              4,899           6,851       36,586
Carrying amount                                      17,087               –               586              690              3,896           6,851       29,110

1     Excludes input taxes of US$79 million (2021: US$176 million) included in other payables. Refer to note 9 ‘Trade and other payables’.

21 Leases
Movements in the Group’s lease liabilities during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2022    2021
                                                                                                                                            US$M US$M
At the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                       3,896  3,443
Additions                                                                                                                                      866  1,223
Remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts                                                                                              (369)   (59)
Lease payments1                                                                                                                             (1,288)  (879)
Foreign exchange movement                                                                                                                     (126)   115
Amortisation of discounting                                                                                                                    125    109
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations2                                                                                       (492)     –
Transfers and other movements                                                                                                                  (36)   (56)
At the end of the financial year                                                                                                             2,576  3,896
Comprising:
     Current liabilities                                                                                                                        519       889
     Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                  2,057     3,007

1     Includes US$39 million (2021: US$45 million) related to Discontinued operations.
2     Relates to the divestment of BMC and merger of Petroleum with Woodside. Refer to notes 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and 27 ‘Discontinued operations’
      for more information.

A significant proportion by value of the Group’s lease contracts relate to plant facilities, office buildings and vessels. Lease terms for plant facilities and
office buildings typically run for over 10 years and vessels for four to 10 years. Other leases include port facilities, various equipment and vehicles. The
lease contracts contain a wide range of different terms and conditions including extension and termination options and variable lease payments.

The Group’s lease obligations are included in the Group’s Interest bearing liabilities and, with the exception of vessel lease contracts that are priced with
reference to a freight index, form part of the Group’s net debt.

                                                                              F-51
The maturity profile of lease liabilities based on the undiscounted contractual amounts is as follows:

Lease liability                                                                                                                           2022      2021
                                                                                                                                          US$M      US$M
Due for payment:
In one year or less or on demand                                                                                                             579       980
In more than one year but not more than two years                                                                                            443       680
In more than two years but not more than five years                                                                                          936     1,397
In more than five years1                                                                                                                   1,470     1,842
Total                                                                                                                                      3,428     4,899
Carrying amount                                                                                                                            2,576     3,896

1     Includes US$707 million (2021: US$878 million) due for payment in more than ten years.

At 30 June 2022, commitments for leases not yet commenced based on undiscounted contractual amounts were US$928 million (2021: US$457
million).

Movements in the Group’s right-of-use assets during the year are as follows:

                                                                                           2022                                        2021
                                                                           Land and       Plant and                   Land and        Plant and
                                                                           buildings      equipment        Total      buildings      equipment      Total
                                                                            US$M            US$M           US$M        US$M            US$M         US$M
Net book value
At the beginning of the financial year                                             638          2,712       3,350           689           2,358      3,047
Additions                                                                           41            825         866            25           1,227      1,252
Remeasurements of index-linked freight contracts                                     –           (369)       (369)            –             (59)       (59)
Depreciation expensed during the period                                           (103)          (872)       (975)         (111)           (670)      (781)
Depreciation classified as exploration                                               –             (3)         (3)            –             (19)       (19)
Impairments for the year                                                            (7)             –          (7)          (30)             (2)       (32)
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations1                           (116)          (313)       (429)            –               –          –
Transfers and other movements                                                       (1)           (71)        (72)           65            (123)       (58)
At the end of the financial year                                                   452          1,909       2,361           638           2,712      3,350
– Cost                                                                             745          4,307       5,052           897           4,393      5,290
– Accumulated depreciation and impairments                                        (293)        (2,398)     (2,691)         (259)         (1,681)    (1,940)

1     Relates to the divestment of BMC and merger of Petroleum with Woodside. Refer to notes 3 ‘Exceptional items’ and 27 ‘Discontinued operations’
      for more information.

Right-of-use assets are included within the underlying asset classes in Property, plant and equipment. Refer to note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’.

Amounts recorded in the income statement and the cash flow statement for the year were:

                                                                                  2022      2021          2020
                                                                                  US$M      US$M          US$M
                                                                                           Restated      Restated                 Included within
Income statement
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             964         753          623     Profit from operations
    Short-term, low-value and variable lease costs1                                 847         834          637     Profit from operations
    Interest on lease liabilities                                                   119         102           82     Financial expenses
Cash flow statement
    Principal lease payments                                                      1,130         732          632     Cash flows from financing activities
    Lease interest payments                                                         119         102           82     Cash flows from operating activities

1     Relates to US$585 million of variable lease costs (2021: US$510 million; 2020: US$415 million), US$222 million of short-term lease costs (2021:
      US$294 million; 2020: US$201 million) and US$40 million of low-value lease costs (2021: US$30 million; 2020: US$21 million). Variable lease
      costs include contracts for hire of mining service equipment, drill rigs and transportation services. These contracts contain variable lease payments
      based on usage and asset performance.

                                                                           F-52
Recognition and measurement
All leases with the exception of short-term (under 12 months) and low-value leases are recognised on the balance sheet, as a right-of-use asset and a
corresponding interest bearing liability. Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the future lease payments from the lease
commencement date and are subsequently adjusted to reflect the interest on lease liabilities, lease payments and any remeasurements due to, for
example, lease modifications or a change to future lease payments linked to an index or rate. Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate
implicit in the lease, where this is readily determinable. Where the implicit interest rate is not readily determinable, the interest payments are discounted
at the Group’s incremental borrowing rate, adjusted to reflect factors specific to the lease, including where relevant the currency, tenor and location of
the lease.

In addition to containing a lease, the Group’s contractual arrangements may include non-lease components. For example, certain mining services
arrangements involve the provision of additional services, including maintenance, drilling activities and the supply of personnel. The Group has elected
to separate these non-lease components from the lease components in measuring lease liabilities. Non-lease components are accounted for in accordance
with the accounting policies applied to each underlying good or service received.

Low-value and short-term leases continue to be expensed to the income statement. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate are
excluded from lease liabilities, and expensed to the income statement.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
liabilities. The cost will initially correspond to the lease liability, adjusted for initial direct costs, lease payments made prior to lease commencement,
capitalised provisions for closure and rehabilitation and any lease incentives received.

The lease asset and liability associated with all index-linked freight contracts, including continuous voyage charters (CVCs), are measured at each
reporting date based on the prevailing freight index (generally the Baltic C5 index).

Lease costs are recognised in the income statement over the lease term in the form of depreciation on the right-of-use asset and the unwinding of finance
charges on the lease liability.

Where the Group is the operator of an unincorporated joint operation and all investors are parties to a lease, the Group recognises its proportionate share
of the lease liability and associated right-of-use asset. In the event the Group is the sole signatory to a lease, and therefore has the sole legal obligation to
make lease payments, the lease liability is recognised in full. Where the associated right-of-use asset is sub-leased (under a finance sub-lease) to a joint
operation, for instance where it is dedicated to a single operation and the joint operation has the right to direct the use of the asset, the Group (as lessor)
recognises its proportionate share of the right-of-use asset and a net investment in the lease, representing amounts to be recovered from the other parties
to the joint operation. If the Group is not party to the head lease contract but sub-leases the associated right-of-use asset (as lessee), it recognises its
proportionate share of the right-of-use asset and a lease liability which is payable to the operator.


 Key judgements and estimates
 Judgements: Certain contractual arrangements not in the form of a lease require the Group to apply significant judgement in evaluating whether the
 Group controls the right to direct the use of assets and therefore whether the contract contains a lease. Management considers all facts and
 circumstances in determining whether the Group or the supplier has the rights to direct how, and for what purpose, the underlying assets are used in
 certain mining contracts and other arrangements, including outsourcing and shipping arrangements. Judgement is used to assess which decision-
 making rights mostly affect the benefits of use of the assets for each arrangement.

 Where a contract includes the provision of non-lease services, judgement is required to identify the lease and non-lease components.

 Estimates: Where the Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, estimation is involved in the determination of the weighted
 average incremental borrowing rate to measure lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate reflects the rates of interest a lessee would have to pay
 to borrow over a similar term, with similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
 economic environment. Under the Group’s portfolio approach to debt management, the Group does not specifically borrow for asset purchases.
 Therefore, the incremental borrowing rate is estimated referencing the Group’s corporate borrowing portfolio and other similar rated entities, adjusted
 to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (including the impact of currency, credit rating of subsidiary entering into the lease and the term of the
 lease), at the inception of the lease arrangement or the time of lease modification.

 The Group estimates stand-alone prices, where such prices are not readily observable, in order to allocate the contractual payments between lease and
 non-lease components.

                                                                              F-53
22 Net finance costs

                                                                                                                            2022        2021        2020
                                                                                                                            US$M        US$M        US$M
                                                                                                                                       Restated    Restated
Financial expenses
Interest expense using the effective interest rate method:
Interest on bank loans, overdrafts and all other borrowings                                                                     491         607       1,093
Interest capitalised at 2.90% (2021: 2.83%; 2020: 4.14%)1                                                                      (113)       (204)       (265)
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                   119         102          82
Discounting on provisions and other liabilities                                                                                 645         353         343
Other gains and losses:
Fair value change on hedged loans                                                                                            (1,286)       (779)        721
Fair value change on hedging derivatives                                                                                      1,277         704        (788)
Loss on bond repurchase2                                                                                                          –         395           –
Exchange variations on net debt                                                                                                 (99)         99         (18)
Other                                                                                                                            16          13          24
Total financial expenses                                                                                                      1,050       1,290       1,192
Financial income
Interest income                                                                                                                 (81)        (67)       (334)
Net finance costs                                                                                                               969       1,223         858

1     Interest has been capitalised at the rate of interest applicable to the specific borrowings financing the assets under construction or, where financed
      through general borrowings, at a capitalisation rate representing the average interest rate on such borrowings. Tax relief for capitalised interest is
      approximately US$34 million (2021: US$61 million; 2020: US$80 million).
2     Relates to the additional cost on settlement of two multi-currency hybrid debt repurchase programs and the unwind of the associated hedges,
      included in a total cash payment of US$3,402 million disclosed in repayment of interest bearing liabilities in the Consolidated Cash Flow
      Statement.


Recognition and measurement
Interest income is accrued using the effective interest rate method. Finance costs are expensed as incurred, except where they relate to the financing of
construction or development of qualifying assets.

                                                                            F-54
23 Financial risk management
23.1 Financial risks
Financial and capital risk management strategy
The financial risks arising from the Group’s operations comprise market, liquidity and credit risk. These risks arise in the normal course of business and
the Group manages its exposure to them in accordance with the Group’s portfolio risk management strategy. The objective of the strategy is to support
the delivery of the Group’s financial targets, while protecting its future financial security and flexibility by taking advantage of the natural
diversification provided by the scale, diversity and flexibility of the Group’s operations and activities.

As part of the risk management strategy, the Group monitors target gearing levels and credit rating metrics under a range of different stress test scenarios
incorporating operational and macroeconomic factors.


Market risk management
The Group’s activities expose it to market risks associated with movements in interest rates, foreign currencies and commodity prices. Under the
strategy outlined above, the Group seeks to achieve financing costs, currency impacts, input costs and commodity prices on a floating or index basis.

In executing the strategy, financial instruments are potentially employed in three distinct but related activities. The following table summarises these
activities and the key risk management processes:

Activity                                                                                                      Key risk management processes
1   Risk mitigation
On an exception basis, hedging for the purposes of mitigating risk related to specific and significant        Execution of transactions within approved
expenditure on investments or capital projects will be executed if necessary to support the Group’s           mandates.
strategic objectives.
2   Economic hedging of commodity sales, operating costs, short-term cash deposits, other
    monetary items and debt instruments
Where Group commodity production is sold to customers on pricing terms that deviate from the relevant         Measuring and reporting the exposure in
index target and where a relevant derivatives market exists, financial instruments may be executed as an      customer commodity contracts and issued
economic hedge to align the revenue price exposure with the index target and US dollars.                      debt instruments.
Where debt is issued in a currency other than the US dollar and/or at a fixed interest rate, fair value and Executing hedging derivatives to align the
cash flow hedges may be executed to align the debt exposure with the Group’s functional currency of US total group exposure to the index target.
dollars and/or to swap to a floating interest rate.
Where short-term cash deposits and other monetary items are denominated in a currency other than US           Execution of transactions within approved
dollars, derivative financial instruments may be executed to align the foreign exchange exposure to the       mandates.
Group’s functional currency of US dollars.
3   Strategic financial transactions
Opportunistic transactions may be executed with financial instruments to capture value from perceived         Execution of transactions within approved
market over/under valuations.                                                                                 mandates.

Primary responsibility for the identification and control of financial risks, including authorising and monitoring the use of financial instruments for the
above activities and stipulating policy thereon, rests with the Financial Risk Management Committee under authority delegated by the Chief Executive
Officer.


Interest rate risk
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on its outstanding borrowings and short-term cash deposits from the possibility that changes in interest rates
will affect future cash flows or the fair value of fixed interest rate financial instruments. Interest rate risk is managed as part of the portfolio risk
management strategy.

The majority of the Group’s debt is issued at fixed interest rates. The Group has entered into interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps to
convert most of its fixed interest rate exposure to floating US dollar interest rate exposure. As at 30 June 2022, 80 per cent of the Group’s borrowings
were exposed to floating interest rates inclusive of the effect of swaps (2021: 82 per cent).

The fair value of interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps in hedge relationships used to hedge both interest rate and foreign currency
risks are shown in the valuation hierarchy in section 23.4 ‘Derivatives and hedge accounting’.

Based on the net debt position as at 30 June 2022, taking into account interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps, it is estimated that a one
percentage point increase in the US LIBOR interest rate will increase the Group’s equity and profit after taxation by US$29 million (2021: increase of
US$7 million). This assumes the change in interest rates is effective from the beginning of the financial year and the fixed/floating mix and balances are
constant over the year.


Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
The London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other benchmark interest rates are being replaced by alternative risk-free rates (ARR) as part of inter-
bank offer rate (IBOR) reform. Sterling LIBOR ceased to be published on 1 January 2022 and USD LIBOR will no longer be published after 30 June
2023. The Group has assessed the implication of IBOR reform and has updated various policies, systems and processes including the adoption of the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) IBOR Fallbacks Protocol. In November 2021, the Group amended its US$5.5 billion revolving
credit facility to reference ARRs. Furthermore, in March 2022 Escondida executed the Group’s first Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) linked
loans.

The amendments to IFRS 9/AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’, IFRS 7/AASB 7 ‘Financial Instruments (IFRS 7): Disclosures’ and IFRS 16/AASB 16
‘Leases’ in relation to IBOR reform early adopted by the Group in previous periods impact the Group’s cross currency and interest rate swaps, which
reference US LIBOR, and the associated hedge accounting. Refer to section 23.4 ‘Derivatives and hedge accounting’ for further information.

                                                                            F-55
Currency risk
The US dollar is the predominant functional currency within the Group and as a result, currency exposures arise from transactions and balances in
currencies other than the US dollar. The Group’s potential currency exposures comprise:
•       translational exposure in respect of non-functional currency monetary items
•       transactional exposure in respect of non-functional currency expenditure and revenues

The Group’s foreign currency risk is managed as part of the portfolio risk management strategy.


Translational exposure in respect of non-functional currency monetary items
Monetary items, including financial assets and liabilities, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of an operation are restated at the
end of each reporting period to US dollar equivalents and the associated gain or loss is taken to the income statement. The exception is foreign exchange
gains or losses on foreign currency denominated provisions for closure and rehabilitation at operating sites, which are capitalised in property, plant and
equipment.

The Group has entered into cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards to convert its significant foreign currency exposures in
respect of monetary items into US dollars. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates are therefore not expected to have a significant impact on equity and
profit after tax.

The following table shows the carrying values of financial assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period denominated in currencies other than
the US dollar that are exposed to foreign currency risk:

Net financial (liabilities)/assets - by currency of denomination                                                                         2022    2021
                                                                                                                                         US$M US$M
AUD                                                                                                                                      (3,649) (4,421)
CLP                                                                                                                                        (602)   (649)
GBP                                                                                                                                         388     535
EUR                                                                                                                                         280     366
Other                                                                                                                                       187     128
Total                                                                                                                                    (3,396) (4,041)

The principal non-functional currencies to which the Group is exposed are the Australian dollar, the Chilean peso, the Pound sterling and the Euro.
Based on the Group’s net financial assets and liabilities as at 30 June 2022, a weakening of the US dollar against these currencies (one cent
strengthening in Australian dollar, 10 pesos strengthening in Chilean peso, one penny strengthening in Pound sterling and one cent strengthening in
Euro), with all other variables held constant, would decrease the Group’s equity and profit after taxation by US$16 million (2021: decrease of US$21
million).


Transactional exposure in respect of non-functional currency expenditure and revenues
Certain operating and capital expenditure is incurred in currencies other than an operation’s functional currency. To a lesser extent, certain sales revenue
is earned in currencies other than the functional currency of operations and certain exchange control restrictions may require that funds be maintained in
currencies other than the functional currency of the operation. These currency risks are managed as part of the portfolio risk management strategy. The
Group may enter into forward exchange contracts when required under this strategy.


Commodity price risk
The risk associated with commodity prices is managed as part of the portfolio risk management strategy. Substantially all of the Group’s commodity
production is sold on market-based index pricing terms, with derivatives used from time to time to achieve a specific outcome.

Financial instruments with commodity price risk comprise forward commodity and other derivative contracts with net liabilities at fair value of US$56
million (2021: net assets of US$138 million).


Provisionally priced commodity sales and purchases contracts
Provisionally priced sales or purchases volumes are those for which price finalisation, referenced to the relevant index, is outstanding at the reporting
date. Provisional pricing mechanisms within these sales and purchases arrangements have the character of a commodity derivative. Trade receivables or
payables under these contracts are carried at fair value through profit or loss using Level 2 valuation inputs based on forecast selling prices in the
quotation period. The Group’s exposure at 30 June 2022 to the impact of movements in commodity prices upon provisionally invoiced sales and
purchases volumes was predominately around copper.

The Group had 289 thousand tonnes of copper exposure as at 30 June 2022 (2021: 254 thousand tonnes) that was provisionally priced. The final price of
these sales and purchases volumes will be determined during the first half of FY2023. A 10 per cent change in the price of copper realised on the
provisionally priced sales, with all other factors held constant, would increase or decrease profit after taxation by US$162 million (2021: US$166
million).

The relationship between commodity prices and foreign currencies is complex and movements in foreign exchange rates can impact commodity prices.

                                                                           F-56
Liquidity risk
Refer to note 20 ‘Net debt’ for details on the Group’s liquidity risk.


Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The
Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily from customer receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits
with banks and financial institutions, other short-term investments, interest rate and currency derivative contracts and other financial instruments.

Refer to note 8 ‘Trade and other receivables’ and note 20 ‘Net debt’ for details on the Group credit risk.


23.2 Recognition and measurement
All financial assets and liabilities, other than derivatives and trade receivables, are initially recognised at the fair value of consideration paid or received,
net of transaction costs as appropriate. Financial assets are initially recognised on their trade date.

Financial assets are subsequently carried at fair value or amortised cost based on:
•       the Group’s purpose, or business model, for holding the financial asset
•       whether the financial asset’s contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest

The resulting Financial Statements classifications of financial assets can be summarised as follows:

Contractual cash flows              Business model                                                     Category
Solely principal and interest       Hold in order to collect contractual cash flows                    Amortised cost
Solely principal and interest       Hold in order to collect contractual cash flows and sell           Fair value through other comprehensive income
Solely principal and interest       Hold in order to sell                                              Fair value through profit or loss
Other                               Any of those mentioned above                                       Fair value through profit or loss

Solely principal and interest refers to the Group receiving returns only for the time value of money and the credit risk of the counterparty for financial
assets held. The main exceptions for the Group are provisionally priced receivables and derivatives which are measured at fair value through profit or
loss under IFRS 9.

The Group has the intention of collecting payment directly from its customers in most cases, however the Group also participates in receivables
financing programs in respect of selected customers. Receivables in these portfolios which are classified as ‘hold in order to sell’, are provisionally
priced receivables and are therefore held at fair value through profit or loss prior to sale to the financial institution.

With the exception of derivative contracts and provisionally priced trade payables which are carried at fair value through profit or loss, the Group’s
financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at amortised cost.

The Group may in addition elect to designate certain financial assets or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or to apply hedge accounting where
they are not mandatorily held at fair value through profit or loss.


Fair value measurement
The carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value is principally calculated based on inputs other than quoted prices that are
observable for these financial assets or liabilities, either directly (i.e. as unquoted prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). Where no price
information is available from a quoted market source, alternative market mechanisms or recent comparable transactions, fair value is estimated based on
the Group’s views on relevant future prices, net of valuation allowances to accommodate liquidity, modelling and other risks implicit in such estimates.

The inputs used in fair value calculations are determined by the relevant segment or function. The functions support the assets and operate under a
defined set of accountabilities authorised by the Executive Leadership Team. Movements in the fair value of financial assets and liabilities may be
recognised through the income statement or in other comprehensive income according to the designation of the underlying instrument.

For financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value, the Group uses the following to categorise the inputs to the valuation method used based on the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

IFRS 13 Fair value hierarchy                            Level 1                                Level 2                                   Level 3
Valuation inputs                         Based on quoted prices (unadjusted) Based on inputs other than quoted             Based on inputs not observable in
                                         in active markets for identical     prices included within Level 1 that           the market using appropriate
                                         financial assets and liabilities.   are observable for the financial asset        valuation models, including
                                                                             or liability, either directly (i.e. as        discounted cash flow modelling.
                                                                             unquoted prices) or indirectly (i.e.
                                                                             derived from prices).

                                                                              F-57
23.3 Financial assets and liabilities
The financial assets and liabilities are presented by class in the table below at their carrying amounts.

                                                                IFRS 13
                                                               Fair value
                                                               hierarchy                                                               2022        2021
                                                                 Level1                        IFRS 9 Classification                   US$M        US$M
     Current cross currency and interest rate swaps2                 2         Fair value through profit or loss                            –          20
     Current other derivative contracts3                            2,3        Fair value through profit or loss                         326          207
     Current other financial assets                                            Amortised cost                                            100            –
     Current other investments5                                     1,2        Fair value through profit or loss                         203            3
     Non-current cross currency and interest rate
        swaps2                                                       2         Fair value through profit or loss                          136        1,123
     Non-current other derivative contracts3                        2,3        Fair value through profit or loss                           16          152
     Non-current other financial assets4                             3         Fair value through profit or loss                          273            –
     Non-current investment in shares                               1,3        Fair value through other comprehensive income              138           31
     Non-current other investments5                                 1,2        Fair value through profit or loss                          239          304
Total other financial assets                                                                                                            1,431        1,840
Cash and cash equivalents                                                      Amortised cost                                          17,236       15,246
Trade and other receivables6                                                   Amortised cost                                           1,674        2,363
Provisionally priced trade receivables                               2         Fair value through profit or loss                        3,478        3,547
Total financial assets                                                                                                                 23,819       22,996
Non-financial assets                                                                                                                   71,347       85,931
Total assets                                                                                                                           95,166      108,927

     Current cross currency and interest rate swaps2                 2         Fair value through profit or loss                             358          –
     Current other derivative contracts3                            2,3        Fair value through profit or loss                             118         52
     Current other financial liabilities7                                      Amortised cost                                                103         78
     Non-current cross currency and interest rate
        swaps2                                                       2         Fair value through profit or loss                        1,466          586
     Non-current other derivative contracts3                        2,3        Fair value through profit or loss                           31            –
     Non-current other financial liabilities7                                  Amortised cost                                             500          560
Total other financial liabilities                                                                                                       2,576        1,276
Trade and other payables8                                                      Amortised cost                                           5,223        6,277
Provisionally priced trade payables                                  2         Fair value through profit or loss                        1,385          574
Bank loans9                                                                    Amortised cost                                           2,472        2,260
Notes and debentures9                                                          Amortised cost                                          11,363       14,769
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                       2,576        3,896
Other9                                                                         Amortised cost                                              17           58
Total financial liabilities                                                                                                            25,612       29,110
Non-financial liabilities                                                                                                              20,788       24,212
Total liabilities                                                                                                                      46,400       53,322

1     All of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities recognised at fair value were valued using market observable inputs categorised as
      Level 2 unless specified otherwise in the following footnotes.
2     Cross currency and interest rate swaps are valued using market data including interest rate curves (which include the base LIBOR rate and swap
      rates) and foreign exchange rates. A discounted cash flow approach is used to derive the fair value of cross currency and interest rate swaps at the
      reporting date.
3     Includes other derivative contracts of US$ nil (2021: US$121 million) categorised as Level 3. Significant items in FY2021 were derivatives
      embedded in physical commodity purchase and sales contracts of gas in Trinidad and Tobago which were disposed as part of the merger of the
      Petroleum business during the period.
4     Includes receivables contingent on outcome of future events relating to mining, and regulatory approvals of US$233 million (2021: US$ nil).
5     Includes investments held by BHP Billiton Foundation which are restricted and not available for general use by the Group of US$252 million
      (2021: US$260 million) of which other investment (mainly US Treasury Notes) of US$119 million categorised as Level 1 (2021: US$72 million).
6     Excludes input taxes of US$427 million (2021: US$486 million) included in other receivables.
7     Includes the discounted settlement liability in relation to the cancellation of power contracts at the Group’s Escondida operations.
8     Excludes input taxes of US$79 million (2021: US$176 million) included in other payables.
9     All interest bearing liabilities, excluding lease liabilities, are unsecured.

The carrying amounts in the table above generally approximate to fair value. In the case of US$3,018 million (2021: US$3,018 million) of fixed rate
debt not swapped to floating rate, the fair value at 30 June 2022 was US$3,126 million (2021: US$4,052 million). The fair value is determined using a
method that can be categorised as Level 2 and uses inputs based on benchmark interest rates, alternative market mechanisms or recent comparable
transactions.

For financial instruments that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the
hierarchy by reassessing categorisation at the end of each reporting period. There were no transfers between categories during the period.

                                                                               F-58
Offsetting financial assets and liabilities
The Group enters into money market deposits and derivative transactions under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master netting
agreements that do not meet the criteria in IAS 32 ‘Financial Instruments: Presentation’ for offsetting, but allow for the related amounts to be set-off in
certain circumstances. The amounts set out as cross currency and interest rate swaps in the table above represent the derivative financial assets and
liabilities of the Group that may be subject to the above arrangements and are presented on a gross basis.


23.4 Derivatives and hedge accounting
The Group uses derivatives to hedge its exposure to certain market risks and may elect to apply hedge accounting.


Hedge accounting
Derivatives are included within financial assets or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss unless they are designated as effective hedging
instruments. Financial instruments in this category are classified as current if they are due or expected to be settled within 12 months otherwise they are
classified as non-current.

Where hedge accounting is applied, at the start of the transaction, the Group documents the type of hedge, the relationship between the hedging
instrument and hedged items and its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The documentation also
demonstrates that the hedge is expected to be effective.

The Group applies the following types of hedge accounting to its derivatives hedging the interest rate and currency risks of its notes and debentures:
•     Fair value hedges – the fair value gain or loss on interest rate and cross currency swaps relating to interest rate risk, together with the change in the
      fair value of the hedged fixed rate borrowings attributable to interest rate risk are recognised immediately in the income statement. If the hedge no
      longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the fair value adjustment on the note or debenture is amortised to the income statement over the
      period to maturity using a recalculated effective interest rate.
•     Cash flow hedges – changes in the fair value of cross currency interest rate swaps which hedge foreign currency cash flows on the notes and
      debentures are recognised directly in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve. To the extent a hedge is
      ineffective, changes in fair value are recognised immediately in the income statement.
      When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold, terminated or exercised, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
      cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is amortised to the income statement over the period to the hedged
      item’s maturity.

When hedged, the Group hedges the full notional value of notes or debentures. However, certain components of the fair value of derivatives are not
permitted under IFRS 9 to be included in the hedge accounting above. Certain costs of hedging are permitted to be recognised in other comprehensive
income. Any change in the fair value of a derivative that does not qualify for hedge accounting, or is ineffective in hedging the designated risk due to
contractual differences between the hedged item and hedging instrument, is recognised immediately in the income statement.

The table below shows the carrying amounts of the Group’s notes and debentures by currency and the derivatives which hedge them:
•     The carrying amount of the notes and debentures includes foreign exchange remeasurement to period-end rates and fair value adjustments when
      included in a fair value hedge.
•     The breakdown of the hedging derivatives includes remeasurement of foreign currency notional values at period-end rates, fair value movements
      due to interest rate risk, foreign currency cash flows designated into cash flow hedges, costs of hedging recognised in other comprehensive
      income, ineffectiveness recognised in the income statement and accruals or prepayments.
•     The hedged value of notes and debentures includes their carrying amounts adjusted for the offsetting derivative fair value movements due to
      foreign currency and interest rate risk remeasurement.

                                                                             F-59
                                                                                       Fair value of derivatives
                                                     Foreign
                                    Carrying        exchange                  Recognised        Recognised    Recognised                               Hedged
                                   amount of         notional                 in cash flow       in cost of      in the       Accrued                  value of
2022                                notes and         at spot    Interest       hedging           hedging       income         cash                   notes and
US$M                               debentures          rates     rate risk       reserve          reserve     statement1       flows        Total    debentures2
                                        A              B            C              D                E              F             G          B to G    A+B+C
USD                                      4,740             –          (16)                 –              –            (7)            86       63          4,724
GBP                                      2,599           796         (115)               (35)            13            26             42      727          3,280
EUR                                      3,449           585          112                (16)             8            (4)            45      730          4,146
CAD                                        575           167            5                 (8)             6            (3)             1      168            747
Total                                   11,363         1,548          (14)               (59)            27            12            174    1,688         12,897

                                                                                       Fair value of derivatives
                                                     Foreign
                                    Carrying        exchange                  Recognised        Recognised    Recognised                               Hedged
                                   amount of         notional                 in cash flow       in cost of      in the       Accrued                  value of
2021                                notes and         at spot    Interest       hedging           hedging       income          cash                  notes and
US$M                               debentures          rates     rate risk       reserve          reserve     statement1       flows        Total    debentures2
                                        A              B            C              D                E              F             G          B to G    A+B+C
USD                                      6,270               –       (318)                 –              –             11            77     (230)         5,952
GBP                                      3,387             435       (544)               (81)            25            (34)           53     (146)         3,278
EUR                                      4,486              73       (418)               (33)            27              7            49     (295)         4,141
CAD                                        626             142        (21)               (28)            25             (2)           (2)     114            747
Total                                   14,769             650     (1,301)              (142)            77            (18)          177     (557)        14,118

1       Predominantly related to ineffectiveness.
2       Includes US$3,018 million (2021: US$3,018 million) of fixed rate debt not swapped to floating rate that is not in a hedging relationship.

The weighted average interest rate payable is USD LIBOR + 1.74 per cent (2021: USD LIBOR + 2.18 per cent). Refer to note 22 ‘Net finance costs’ for
details of net finance costs for the year.


Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
IBOR reform impacts the Group’s cross currency and interest rate swaps, which reference 3-month US LIBOR, and the associated hedge accounting. At
30 June 2022, the notional value of hedging instruments that reference 3-month US LIBOR is US$ 15.6 billion (2021: US$16.8 billion). The SOFR
benchmark rate is being widely adopted by market participants as the replacement for US LIBOR in new contracts. However, a number of US LIBOR
settings, including 3-month US LIBOR, will continue to be published until 30 June 2023. Accordingly, absent of any agreement with counterparties to
transition to an alternative risk-free rate before this date, the Group’s existing cross currency and interest rate swaps with maturity dates beyond 30 June
2023 will only transition to ARR once US LIBOR publication ceases. As at 30 June 2022, the Group has not transitioned any of its existing cross
currency and interest rate swaps to alternative risk-free rates, however it is expecting to commence active transition of the existing cross currency and
interest rate swaps portfolio to alternative benchmark rates during FY2023.

The following table shows the notional value of the Group’s hedging instruments that are expected to expire before 30 June 2023.

                                                                                                                              Notional value to mature before
                                                                             Notional             Notional value                  LIBOR expires FY2023
Hedging instrument                                                           currency                 US$M                                US$M
Interest rate swaps                                                          USD                         10,719                                           748
Cross-currency interest rate swaps                                           EUR                           3,187                                          404
                                                                             GBP                           1,673                                          923
                                                                             Total                       15,579                                         2,075

In addition, the Group has other arrangements which reference 3-month US LIBOR benchmarks and extend beyond 2022. These include USD bank
loans of US$1.6 billion (2021: US$2.3 billion). Refer to note 20 ‘Net debt’.

The Group has previously adopted amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 in relation to IBOR Reform. These amendments provide reliefs from applying
specific hedge accounting requirements to hedging arrangements directly impacted by these reforms. In particular, where changes to the Group’s
instruments arise solely as a result of IBOR reform and do not change the economic substance of the Group’s arrangements, the Group is able to
maintain its existing hedge relationships and accounting. The Group has continued to apply these reliefs, resulting in no impact on the Group’s hedge
accounting. Upon transition to alternative risk-free rates, the Group will seek to apply further reliefs in IFRS 9 and continue to apply hedge accounting
to its hedging arrangements.

                                                                                F-60
Movements in reserves relating to hedge accounting
The following table shows a reconciliation of the components of equity and an analysis of the movements in reserves for all hedges. For a description of
these reserves, refer to note 17 ‘Other equity’.

2022                                                                                                   Cash flow hedging     Cost of hedging
US$M                                                                                                         reserve              reserve       Total
                                                                                                      Gross    Tax    Net   Gross Tax Net
At the beginning of the financial year                                                                  142      (42)  100    (77)     23  (54)    46
Add: Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised in OCI                                      (914)    274   (640)     –       –    –   (640)
Less: Reclassified from reserves to interest expense – recognised through OCI                           831    (250)   581     50     (15)  35    616
At the end of the financial year                                                                         59      (18)   41    (27)      8  (19)    22

2021                                                                                                   Cash flow hedging     Cost of hedging
US$M                                                                                                         reserve              reserve       Total
                                                                                                      Gross    Tax    Net   Gross Tax Net
At the beginning of the financial year                                                                   71     (21)    50    (32)      9  (23)   27
Add: Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised in OCI                                       863    (259)   604      –       –    –   604
Less: Reclassified from reserves to interest expense – recognised through OCI                          (792)    238   (554)   (45)    14   (31) (585)
At the end of the financial year                                                                        142      (42)  100    (77)    23   (54)   46


Changes in interest bearing liabilities and related derivatives resulting from financing activities
The movement in the year in the Group’s interest bearing liabilities and related derivatives are as follows:

                                                                                                                                       Derivatives
                                                                                                                                         (assets)/
                                                                                      Interest bearing liabilities                      liabilities
                                                                                                                  Bank                    Cross
                                                                                                               overdraft                currency
                                                                                                                   and                     and
2022                                                                 Bank       Notes and        Lease        short-term                 interest
US$M                                                                 loans      debentures     liabilities    borrowings      Other    rate swaps     Total
At the beginning of the financial year                               2,260           14,769          3,896                –      58          (557)
     Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities                      1,150                –              –                –      14             –      1,164
     Settlements of debt related instruments                             –                –              –                –       –             –          –
     Repayment of interest bearing liabilities1                       (941)          (1,232)        (1,163)               –     (55)            –     (3,391)
Change from Net financing cash flows                                   209           (1,232)        (1,163)               –     (41)            –     (2,227)
Other movements:
     Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations              –                –           (492)               –      –              –
     Interest rate impacts                                               –           (1,286)             –                –      –          1,277
     Foreign exchange impacts                                            3             (894)          (126)               –     (2)           898
     Lease additions                                                     –                –            866                –      –              –
     Remeasurement of index-linked freight contracts                     –                –           (369)               –      –              –
     Other interest bearing liabilities/derivative related changes       –                6            (36)               –      2             70
At the end of the financial year                                     2,472           11,363          2,576                –     17          1,688

                                                                                                                                       Derivatives
                                                                                                                                         (assets)/
                                                                                        Interest bearing liabilities                    liabilities
                                                                                                                    Bank                   Cross
                                                                                                                  overdraft             currency
                                                                                                                     and                    and
2021                                                                 Bank       Notes and          Lease         short-term               interest
US$M                                                                 loans      debentures       liabilities     borrowings   Other    rate swaps     Total
At the beginning of the financial year                               2,492           21,045          3,443                –     68           (433)
     Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities                        504                –              –                –     64              –        568
     Settlements of debt related instruments                             –                –              –                –      –            167        167
     Repayment of interest bearing liabilities1                       (737)          (6,888)          (770)               –      –              –     (8,395)
Change from Net financing cash flows                                  (233)          (6,888)          (770)               –     64            167     (7,660)
Other movements:
     Loss on bond repurchase                                             –              579              –                –       –          (184)
     Interest rate impacts                                               –             (764)             –                –       –           704
     Foreign exchange impacts                                           (1)             798            115                –     (14)         (796)
     Lease additions                                                     –                –          1,223                –       –             –
     Remeasurement of index-linked freight contracts                     –                –            (59)               –       –             –
     Other interest bearing liabilities/derivative related changes       2               (1)           (56)               –     (60)          (15)
At the end of the financial year                                     2,260           14,769          3,896                –      58          (557)

1      Includes US$33 million (2021: US$38 million) of Discontinued operations cash flows.

                                                                              F-61
Employee matters
24 Key management personnel
Key management personnel compensation comprises:

                                                                                                                    2022           2021          2020
                                                                                                                     US$            US$           US$
Short-term employee benefits                                                                                      13,979,139     14,081,625    12,564,637
Post-employment benefits                                                                                             634,363        744,951     1,172,727
Share-based payments                                                                                              11,165,439     11,601,866    13,514,588
Total                                                                                                             25,778,941     26,428,442    27,251,952

Key Management Personnel (KMP) includes the roles which have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of
BHP. These are Non-executive Directors, the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the President Minerals Australia, the President Minerals Americas and
the Senior Executive Officer (i.e. President Petroleum until 31 May 2022).


Transactions and outstanding loans/amounts with key management personnel
There were no purchases by key management personnel from the Group during FY2022 (2021: US$ nil; 2020: US$ nil).

There were no amounts payable by key management personnel at 30 June 2022 (2021: US$ nil; 2020: US$ nil).

There were no loans receivable from or payable to key management personnel at 30 June 2022 (2021: US$ nil; 2020: US$ nil).


Transactions with personally related entities
A number of Directors of the Group hold or have held positions in other companies (personally related entities) where it is considered they control or
significantly influence the financial or operating policies of those entities. There were no reportable transactions with those entities and no amounts were
owed by the Group to personally related entities at 30 June 2022 (2021: US$ nil; 2020: US$ nil).

For more information on remuneration and transactions with key management personnel, refer to the Remuneration Report under Governance.


25 Employee share ownership plans
Awards, in the form of the right to receive ordinary shares in BHP Group Limited have been granted under the following employee share ownership
plans: Cash and Deferred Plan (CDP), Short-Term Incentive Plan (STIP), Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), Management Award Plan (MAP),
Transitional and Commencement KMP awards and the all-employee share plan, Shareplus. Following unification of our dual listed company structure in
January 2022, employees holding unvested BHP Group Plc awards received one BHP Group Limited award per BHP Group Plc award held at the time
of unification. Vesting of awards will stay on the original timeframes. Employees holding BHP Group Plc acquired shares under Shareplus received one
BHP Group Limited share for each BHP Group Plc share owned.

Some awards are eligible to receive a cash payment, or the equivalent value in shares, equal to the dividend amount that would have been earned on the
underlying shares awarded to those participants (the Dividend Equivalent Payment, or DEP). The DEP is provided to the participants once the
underlying shares are allocated or transferred to them. Awards under the plans do not confer any rights to participate in a share issue; however, there is
discretion under each of the plans to adjust the awards in response to a variation in the share capital of BHP Group Limited.

On completion of the merger between BHP Petroleum and Woodside on 1 June 2022, adjustments were made to unvested awards held under the above
mentioned employee share ownership plans to ensure participants continue to be appropriately treated. The number of ‘Uplift’ awards granted of
1,574,034 shares was calculated based on the number of unvested awards held prior to the merger multiplied by 1.1205 being the USD value of the in
specie dividend divided by the closing BHP Group Limited share price on 31 May 2022 (converted into USD on the same date) plus one.

                                                                           F-62
The table below provides a description of each of the plans.

                                                                                               Transitional and
                                                                                               Commencement KMP
Plan                       CDP and STIP                        LTIP and MAP                    awards                          Shareplus
Type                       Short-term incentive                Long-term incentive             Long-term incentive             All-employee share
                                                                                                                               purchase plan
Overview                   The CDP was implemented in          The LTIP is a plan for          Awards may be granted to        Employees may contribute
                           FY2020 as a replacement for         Executive KMP and members       new Executive KMP recruited     up to US$5,000 to acquire
                           the STIP, both of which are         of the Executive Leadership     into or within the Group to     shares in any plan year. On
                           generally plans for Executive       Team who are not Executive      bridge the time-based gap       the third anniversary of the
                           KMP and members of the              KMP, and awards are granted     between the vesting of awards   start of a plan year, the
                           Executive Leadership Team           annually.                       either granted in their         Group will match the
                           who are not Executive KMP.                                          non-KMP roles or to replace     number of acquired shares.
                                                               The MAP is a plan for BHP
                                                                                               awards foregone from a
                           Under the CDP, two thirds of        senior management who are
                                                                                               previous company.
                           the value of a participant’s        not KMP. The number of
                           short-term incentive amount         share rights awarded is
                           is awarded as rights to receive     determined by a participant’s
                           BHP Group Limited shares at         role and grade.
                           the end of the vesting period
                           (and the remaining one third
                           is delivered in cash). Two
                           awards of deferred shares are
                           granted, each of the
                           equivalent value to the cash
                           award, vesting in two and five
                           years respectively.
                           Under STIP, half of the value
                           of a participant’s short-term
                           incentive amount is awarded
                           as rights to receive BHP
                           Group Limited shares at the
                           end of the two-year vesting
                           period.

Vesting conditions         CDP: Service conditions only        LTIP: Service and               Service and performance         Service conditions only.
                           for the two-year award.             performance conditions.         conditions.
                           Vesting of the five-year award
                                                          BHP’s Total Shareholder        The Remuneration Committee
                           is subject to service
                                                          Return1 (TSR) performance      has absolute discretion to
                           conditions and also to holistic
                                                          relative to the Peer Group     determine if the performance
                           review of performance at the
                                                          TSR over a five-year           condition has been met and
                           end of the five-year vesting
                                                          performance period             whether any, all or part of the
                           period, including a five-year
                                                          determines the vesting of      award will vest (or otherwise
                           view on HSEC performance,
                                                          67 per cent of the awards,     lapse), having regard to
                           profitability, cash flow,
                                                          while performance relative to personal performance and the
                           balance sheet health, returns
                                                          the Index TSR (being the       underlying financial
                           to shareholders, corporate
                                                          index value where the          performance of the Group
                           governance and conduct.
                                                          comparator group is a market during the performance
                           STIP: Service conditions only. index) determines the vesting period.
                                                          of 33 per cent of the awards.
                                                                                         To the extent the performance
                                                          For awards granted from
                                                                                         condition is not achieved,
                                                          December 2017 onwards,
                                                                                         awards will lapse. There is no
                                                          25 per cent of the award will
                                                                                         retesting of the performance
                                                          vest where BHP’s TSR is
                                                                                         condition. Vested awards may
                                                          equal to the median TSR of
                                                                                         be subject to a holding lock.
                                                          the relevant comparator
                                                          group(s), as measured over
                                                          the performance period.
                                                          Where TSR is below the
                                                          median, awards will not vest.
                                                          Vesting occurs on a sliding
                                                          scale when BHP’s TSR
                                                          measured over the
                                                          performance period is
                                                          between the median TSR of
                                                          the relevant comparator
                                                          group(s) up to a nominated
                                                          level of TSR outperformance
                                                          over the relevant comparator
                                                          group(s), as determined by the
                                                          Committee, above which
                                                          100 per cent of the award will
                                                          vest.
                                                               MAP: Service conditions
                                                               only.

                                                                             F-63
                                                                                            Transitional and
                                                                                            Commencement KMP
Plan                        CDP and STIP                    LTIP and MAP                    awards                           Shareplus
Vesting period              CDP – 2 and 5 years             LTIP – 5 years                  2 years                          3 years
                            STIP – 2 years                  MAP – 1 to 5 years

Dividend Equivalent         CDP – Yes                       LTIP – Yes                      Yes                              No
Payment
                            STIP – Yes                      MAP – Varies

Exercise period             None                            None                            None                             None

1      For LTIP awards granted prior to unification and where the five-year performance period ends after unification, the TSR at the start of the
       performance period is based on the weighted average of the TSRs of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc and the TSR at the end of the
       performance period is based on the TSR of BHP Group Limited.


Employee share awards

                                           Number of                                    Number of
                                             awards                                    BHP Group Number of                   Weighted
                                              at the  Number of                         Plc awards     awards    Weighted    average
                                           beginning   awards    Number of            transferred to at the end   average     share
                                              of the    issued     awards   Number of BHP Group         of the   remaining   price at
                                            financial during the vested and  awards     Limited on    financial contractual exercise
2022                                           year      year     exercised  lapsed    unification1      year   life (years)   date
BHP Group Limited
CDP awards                                     216,340      491,654              –           –                –       707,994            2.2        n/a
STIP awards                                    200,785        9,014        125,989           –                –        83,810            0.2    A$47.70
LTIP awards                                  3,543,220      714,781      1,114,524           –                –     3,143,477            1.8    A$47.70
MAP awards2                                  9,953,517    3,915,785      4,615,318   2,321,453          161,642     7,094,173            1.2    A$46.62
Transitional and Commencement KMP
  awards                                        77,000        9,279              –           –                –        86,279            0.2        n/a
Shareplus                                    4,539,194    3,091,639      2,465,378     531,479          280,494     4,914,470            1.3    A$50.54
BHP Group Plc
MAP awards                                    176,049        72,412        70,657       16,162          161,642              –           n/a      £22.18
Shareplus                                     232,767        63,209         2,174       13,308          280,494              –           n/a      £22.11
1      On unification of the Group’s corporate structure on 31 January 2022 (refer note 16 ‘Share capital’ for details) 161,642 of unvested awards over
       BHP Group Plc shares lapsed and were replaced by equivalent awards over BHP Group Limited on the terms of the MAP awards.
       Under the rules of the Shareplus, on unification, holders of acquired BHP Group Plc shares, exchanged them for BHP Group Limited shares on the
       same terms of other BHP Group Plc shareholders. As participants were not eligible for matching shares in BHP Group Plc, BHP Group Limited
       made an equivalent offer of rights to match 280,494 unvested awards, which will vest based on their original timeline and will be satisfied with
       the delivery of BHP Group Limited shares.
       Given the unification had no impact on the vesting timelines or the terms and conditions of the MAP awards and Shareplus, the changes did not
       represent a modification that changed the fair value of the awards.
2      There were 2,761 number of awards vested and exercisable at the end of the financial year.

                                                                           F-64
Fair value and assumptions in the calculation of fair value for awards issued

                                                Weighted
                                               average fair
                                                  value of
                                                  awards                                                                  Estimated
                                                  granted        Risk-free       Estimated                                volatility
                                                during the       interest          life of          Share price at         of share
2022                                             year US$          rate           awards             grant date             price           Dividend yield
BHP Group Limited
CDP awards                                             27.46           n/a      2 and 5 years              A$38.05               n/a                     n/a
LTIP awards                                            13.66        1.36%             5 years              A$38.05            30.0%                      n/a
MAP awards1                                                                                        A$51.33/A$36.39/                       5.0% up to 30 June
                                                                                                   A$46.55/A$50.58/                       2022 and 7.5% per
                                                       22.10           n/a          1-5 years              A$42.52                n/a       annum thereafter
Shareplus                                              22.80        0.12%             3 years              A$45.66                n/a                 5.51%
BHP Group Plc
MAP awards                                                                                                                                5.0% up to 30 June
                                                                                                                                          2022 and 7.5% per
                                                       20.85           n/a            3 years                  £18.62             n/a       annum thereafter
Shareplus                                              14.53        0.15%             3 years                  £20.68             n/a                 6.60%

1     Includes MAP awards granted on 17 August 2021, 29 September 2021, 1 March 2022, 30 March 2022 and 17 June 2022.


Recognition and measurement
The fair value at grant date of equity-settled share awards is charged to the income statement over the period for which the benefits of employee services
are expected to be derived. The fair values of awards granted were estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation methodology and Black-Scholes option
pricing technique and consider the following factors:
•     exercise price
•     expected life of the award
•     current market price of the underlying shares
•     expected volatility using an analysis of historic volatility over different rolling periods. For the LTIP, it is calculated for all sector comparators and
      the published MSCI World index
•     expected dividends
•     risk-free interest rate, which is an applicable government bond rate
•     market-based performance hurdles
•     non-vesting conditions

Where awards are forfeited because non-market-based vesting conditions are not satisfied, the expense previously recognised is proportionately
reversed.

The tax effect of awards granted is recognised in income tax expense, except to the extent that the total tax deductions are expected to exceed the
cumulative remuneration expense. In this situation, the excess of the associated current or deferred tax is recognised in equity and forms part of the
employee share awards reserve. The fair value of awards as presented in the tables above represents the fair value at grant date.

In respect of employee share awards, the Group utilises the BHP Billiton Limited Employee Equity Trust. The trustee of this trust is an independent
company, resident in Jersey. The trust uses funds provided by the Group to acquire ordinary shares to enable awards to be made or satisfied. The
ordinary shares may be acquired by purchase in the market or by subscription at not less than nominal value.

                                                                             F-65
26 Employee benefits, restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits provisions

                                                                                                                                           2022         2021
                                                                                                                                           US$M         US$M
Employee benefits1                                                                                                                          1,351        1,624
Restructuring2                                                                                                                                 27           54
Post-retirement employee benefits3                                                                                                            281          534
Total provisions                                                                                                                            1,659        2,212
Comprising:
     Current                                                                                                                                1,319        1,606
     Non-current                                                                                                                              340          606

                                                                                                                                     Post-
                                                                                                                                  retirement
                                                                                           Employee                                employee
2022                                                                                        benefits         Restructuring         benefits3            Total
                                                                                             US$M               US$M                US$M                US$M
At the beginning of the financial year                                                         1,624                    54               534             2,212
Charge/(credit) for the year:
     Underlying                                                                                   1,424                  24                78            1,526
     Discounting                                                                                      –                   –                30               30
     Net interest expense                                                                             –                   –                (9)              (9)
     Exchange variations                                                                           (131)                 (1)              (51)            (183)
     Released during the year                                                                       (58)                 (2)               (2)             (62)
Remeasurement gains taken to retained earnings                                                        –                   –               (24)             (24)
Utilisation                                                                                      (1,381)                (43)              (58)          (1,482)
Divestment and demerger of subsidiaries and operations                                             (128)                 (6)             (217)            (351)
Transfers and other movements                                                                         1                   1                 –                2
At the end of the financial year                                                                  1,351                  27               281            1,659

1      The expenditure associated with total employee benefits will occur in a pattern consistent with when employees choose to exercise their
       entitlement to benefits.
2      Total restructuring provisions include provisions for terminations and office closures.
3      The net liability recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet includes US$165 million present value of funded defined benefits pension
       obligation (2021: US$377 million) offset by fair value of defined benefit scheme assets US$(169) million (2021: US$(398) million), US$85
       million present value of unfunded defined pension and post-retirement medical benefits obligation (2021: US$321 million) and US$200 million
       unfunded post-employment benefits obligation in Chile (2021: US$234 million).


Recognition and measurement
Provisions are recognised by the Group when:
•      there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events
•      it is more likely than not that a permanent outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation
•      the amount can be reliably estimated and measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the cash outflow required to settle the
       obligation at the reporting date

Provision                            Description
Employee benefits                    Liabilities for benefits accruing to employees up until the reporting date in respect of wages and salaries, annual
                                     leave and any accumulating sick leave are recognised in the period the related service is rendered.
                                     Liabilities recognised in respect of short-term employee benefits expected to be settled within 12 months are
                                     measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
                                     Liabilities for other long-term employee benefits, including long service leave are measured as the present value of
                                     estimated future payments for the services provided by employees up to the reporting date.
                                     Liabilities that are not expected to be settled within 12 months are discounted at the reporting date using market
                                     yields of high-quality corporate bonds or government bonds for countries where there is no deep market for corporate
                                     bonds. The rates used reflect the terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the estimated
                                     future cash outflows.
                                     In relation to industry-based long service leave funds, the Group’s liability, including obligations for funding
                                     shortfalls, is determined after deducting the fair value of dedicated assets of such funds.
                                     Liabilities for short and long-term employee benefits (other than unpaid wages and salaries) are disclosed within
                                     employee benefits. Liabilities for unpaid wages and salaries are recognised in other creditors.

                                                                               F-66
Provision                  Description
Restructuring              Restructuring provisions are recognised when:
                           •   the Group has developed a detailed formal plan identifying the business or part of the business concerned, the
                               location and approximate number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, and an
                               appropriate timeline
                           •   the restructuring has either commenced or been publicly announced and can no longer be withdrawn
                           Payments that are not expected to be settled within 12 months of the reporting date are measured at the present value
                           of the estimated future cash payments expected to be made by the Group.
Post-retirement employee   Defined contribution pension schemes and multi-employer pension schemes
benefits
                           For defined contribution schemes or schemes operated on an industry-wide basis where it is not possible to identify
                           assets attributable to the participation by the Group’s employees, the pension charge is calculated on the basis of
                           contributions payable. The Group contributed US$324 million during the financial year (2021: US$301 million;
                           2020: US$243 million) to defined contribution plans and multi-employer defined contribution plans. These
                           contributions are expensed as incurred.
                           Defined benefit pension and post-retirement medical schemes
                           The Group operates or participates in a number of defined benefit pension schemes throughout the world, all of
                           which are closed to new entrants. The funding of the schemes complies with local regulations. The assets of the
                           schemes are generally held separately from those of the Group and are administered by trustees or management
                           boards. The Group also operates a number of unfunded post-retirement medical schemes in the United States, Canada
                           and Europe.
                           For defined benefit schemes, an asset or liability is recognised in the balance sheet based at the present value of
                           defined benefit obligations less, where funded, the fair value of plan assets, except that any such asset cannot exceed
                           the present value of expected refunds from and reductions in future contributions to the plan. Full actuarial valuations
                           are prepared by local actuaries for all schemes, using discount rates based on market yields at the reporting date on
                           high-quality corporate bonds or by reference to national government bonds if high-quality corporate bonds are not
                           available.
                           Where funded, scheme assets are invested in a diversified range of asset classes, predominantly comprising bonds
                           and equities.

                                                                  F-67
Group and related party information
27 Discontinued operations
On 22 November 2021, the Group and Woodside signed a binding SSA for the merger of the Group’s oil and gas portfolio with Woodside. Woodside has
subsequently acquired the entire share capital of BHP Petroleum International Pty Ltd (‘BHP Petroleum’) in exchange for new Woodside ordinary
shares.

While the merger had an economic effective date of 1 July 2021, the Group continued to control the Petroleum assets and carry on business in the
normal course for 11 months until 1 June 2022 (Completion Date). As such, the Group recognises its share of revenue, expenses, net finance costs and
associated income tax expense related to the Discontinued operation until the Completion Date.

As consideration for the sale of BHP Petroleum, the Group received 914,768,948 newly issued Woodside ordinary shares at Completion Date. On the
Completion Date, the Group paid a fully franked in specie dividend in the form of Woodside shares to eligible BHP shareholders. Eligible BHP
shareholders received one Woodside share for every 5.5340 BHP shares they held on the Group’s register at the record date of 26 May 2022.

As part of completion and in order to reflect the economic effective date, the Group made a net cash payment of US$0.7 billion to Woodside in addition
to US$0.4 billion in cash that was left in the BHP Petroleum bank accounts to fund ongoing operations. The total cash transfer of US$1.1 billion reflects
the net cash flows generated by BHP Petroleum between 1 July 2021 and Completion Date adjusted for dividends Woodside would have paid on the
newly issued Woodside ordinary shares, had the merger completed on 1 July 2021. The net cash completion payment to Woodside is subject to a
customary post-completion review, which may result in an adjustment to the amount paid.

BHP Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd (BMC), while being divested on 3 May 2022, is not considered to meet the criteria for classification as a Discontinued
operation given its relative size to the Group and the Coal segment. For further information, refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’.

The contribution of Discontinued operations to the Group’s profit and cash flows is detailed below:


Income statement – Discontinued operations

                                                                                                                            2022    2021     2020
                                                                                                                            US$M    US$M US$M
Revenue                                                                                                                      6,404   3,896   4,007
Other income                                                                                                                   170     130      57
Expenses excluding net finance costs                                                                                        (2,207) (3,629) (3,322)
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses                                                        (4)      (6)     (4)
Profit from operations                                                                                                       4,363     391     738
Financial expenses                                                                                                            (165)     (88)   (70)
Financial income                                                                                                                 6        6     17
Net finance costs                                                                                                             (159)     (82)   (53)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                       4,204     309     685
Income tax expense                                                                                                          (1,471)   (545)   (492)
Royalty-related taxation (net of income tax benefit)                                                                          (237)      11    (85)
Total taxation expense                                                                                                      (1,708)   (534)   (577)
Profit/(loss) after taxation from operating activities                                                                       2,496    (225)    108
Net gain on Petroleum merger with Woodside (after tax)                                                                       8,159        –       –
Profit/(loss) after taxation                                                                                                10,655    (225)    108
     Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                   –        –       –
     Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                       10,655    (225)    108
Basic earnings/(loss) per ordinary share (cents)                                                                             210.5     (4.5)    2.1
Diluted earnings/(loss) per ordinary share (cents)                                                                           210.1     (4.5)    2.1

The total comprehensive income attributable to BHP shareholders from Discontinued operations was a gain of US$10,596 million (30 June 2021: loss of
US$231 million; 30 June 2020: gain of US$118 million).

The conversion of options and share rights would decrease the loss per share for the year ended 30 June 2021, therefore its impact has been excluded
from the diluted earnings per share calculation.


Cash flows from Discontinued operations

                                                                                                                            2022    2021    2020
                                                                                                                            US$M US$M US$M
Net operating cash flows                                                                                                     2,889   1,351   1,021
Net investing cash flows1                                                                                                     (904) (1,520) (1,033)
Net financing cash flows2                                                                                                      (33)    (38)    (39)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from Discontinued operations                                            1,952    (207)    (51)
Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside                                                              (683)      –       –
Cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                                            (399)      –       –
Total cash impact                                                                                                              870    (207)    (51)

1     Includes purchases of property, plant and equipment and capitalised exploration of US$1,144 million related to drilling and development
      expenditure (30 June 2021: US$1,020 million; 30 June 2020: US$1,079 million), proceeds from sale of subsidiaries, operations and joint
      operations, net of cash of US$91 million (30 June 2021: investment of US$480 million; 30 June 2020: US$ nil), proceeds from sale of assets of
      US$151 million (30 June 2021: US$39 million; 30 June 2020: US$78 million) and other investing outflows of US$2 million (30 June 2021:
      outflow of US$59 million; 30 June 2020: outflow of US$32 million).
2     Represents net repayment of interest bearing liabilities of US$33 million (30 June 2021: US$38 million; 30 June 2020: US$39 million).

                                                                          F-68
Exceptional items – Discontinued operations
Exceptional items are those gains or losses where their nature, including the expected frequency of the events giving rise to them, and impact is
considered material to the Financial Statements.

Items related to Discontinued operations included within the Group’s profits for the year ended 30 June 2022 are detailed below.

Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                                                           Gross       Tax         Net
                                                                                                                                  US$M       US$M        US$M
Exceptional items by category
Net gain on Petroleum merger with Woodside1                                                                                        8,167          (8)     8,159
Total                                                                                                                              8,167          (8)     8,159
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                              –           –          –
Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                                   8,167          (8)     8,159

1     The tax expense associated with the exceptional item reflects the tax impact of transaction costs and other restructuring related activities
      undertaken pre-merger. There are no further tax impacts arising on the net gain on merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside as generated
      tax losses were either offset with capital gains in other entities in the Group, or not recognised on the basis that it is not probable that future capital
      gains will be available against which the Group can utilise the tax losses.


Net gain on disposal of Discontinued operations
Details of the net gain on Petroleum merger with Woodside is presented below:

                                                                                                                                                        2022
                                                                                                                                                        US$M
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                  399
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                              1,560
Other financial assets                                                                                                                                      91
Inventories                                                                                                                                                295
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                           12,055
Intangible assets                                                                                                                                           66
Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                                                                          240
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                      1,470
Other                                                                                                                                                       18
Total assets                                                                                                                                            16,194
Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                   913
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                                               243
Tax payables                                                                                                                                               300
Provisions                                                                                                                                               4,518
Deferred income                                                                                                                                             48
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                        6,022
Net assets                                                                                                                                              10,172
Fair value of Woodside shares1                                                                                                                          19,566
Net cash completion payment on merger of Petroleum with Woodside2                                                                                         (683)
Foreign currency translation reserve transferred to the income statement                                                                                    54
Other provisions and related indemnities recognised at completion                                                                                         (353)
Transaction and other directly attributable costs                                                                                                         (245)
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                          (8)
Net gain on Petroleum merger with Woodside                                                                                                               8,159

1     Represents the consideration received being the fair value of 914,768,948 Woodside ordinary shares received using the closing ASX share price of
      A$29.76 on 31 May 2022 (US$21.39 equivalent based on an exchange rate of AUD/USD 0.7187).
2     Reflects the net cash flows generated by BHP Petroleum between 1 July 2021 and Completion Date adjusted for dividends Woodside would have
      paid on the newly issued Woodside ordinary shares, had the merger completed on 1 July 2021.

                                                                              F-69
The Exceptional items related to Discontinued operations included within the Group’s profit for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 are
outlined below:

Year ended 30 June 2021                                                                                                       Gross        Tax        Net
                                                                                                                              US$M        US$M       US$M
Exceptional items by category
Impairment of Potash assets1                                                                                                        –      (278)       (278)
COVID-19 related costs                                                                                                            (47)        8         (39)
Total                                                                                                                             (47)     (270)       (317)
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                           –         –           –
Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                                  (47)     (270)       (317)

1     The exceptional item reflects the impairment of tax losses originally expected to be recoverable against taxable profits from the Group’s Potash
      assets. The impairment is included in Discontinued operations as the entity with the losses transferred to Woodside and therefore the losses are no
      longer available to the Group.

Year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                  Gross            Tax         Net
                                                                                                                         US$M            US$M        US$M
Exceptional items by category
COVID-19 related costs                                                                                                        (6)            2            (4)
Total                                                                                                                         (6)            2            (4)
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                      –             –             –
Attributable to BHP shareholders                                                                                              (6)            2            (4)


28 Subsidiaries
Significant subsidiaries of the Group are those with the most significant contribution to the Group’s net profit or net assets. The Group’s interest in the
subsidiaries’ results are listed in the table below. For a list of the Group’s subsidiaries, refer to Exhibit 8.1 - List of Subsidiaries.

                                                                                                                                          Group’s interest
                                                                                     Country of                                           2022      2021
Significant subsidiaries                                                           incorporation             Principal activity            %          %
Coal
BHP Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd1                                                           Australia           Coal mining                             –          80
Hunter Valley Energy Coal Pty Ltd                                                  Australia           Coal mining                           100         100
Copper
BHP Olympic Dam Corporation Pty Ltd                                                Australia           Copper and uranium mining             100         100
Compañia Minera Cerro Colorado Limitada                                            Chile               Copper mining                         100         100
Minera Escondida Ltda2                                                             Chile               Copper mining                        57.5        57.5
Minera Spence SA                                                                   Chile               Copper mining                        100         100
Iron Ore
BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd3                                                  Australia           Iron ore mining                        85          85
BHP Iron Ore Pty Ltd                                                               Australia           Service company                       100         100
BHP (Towage Service) Pty Ltd                                                       Australia           Towing services                       100         100
Marketing
BHP Billiton Freight Singapore Pte Limited                                         Singapore           Freight services                      100         100
BHP Billiton Marketing AG                                                          Switzerland         Marketing and trading                 100         100
BHP Billiton Marketing Asia Pte Ltd                                                Singapore           Marketing support and other           100         100
                                                                                                       services
Group and Unallocated
BHP Billiton Finance B.V.                                                          The Netherlands     Finance                               100         100
BHP Billiton Finance Limited                                                       Australia           Finance                               100         100
BHP Billiton Finance (USA) Limited                                                 Australia           Finance                               100         100
BHP Canada Inc.                                                                    Canada              Potash development                    100         100
BHP Group Operations Pty Ltd                                                       Australia           Administrative services               100         100
BHP Nickel West Pty Ltd                                                            Australia           Nickel mining, smelting,              100         100
                                                                                                       refining and administrative
                                                                                                       services
WMC Finance (USA) Limited                                                          Australia           Finance                               100         100
1     The divestment of BHP’s 80 per cent interest in BHP Mitsui Coal Pty Ltd (BMC) to Stanmore Resources Limited was completed on 3 May 2022.
      Refer to note 3 ‘Exceptional items’ for further information.
2     As the Group has the ability to direct the relevant activities at Minera Escondida Ltda, it has control over the entity. The assessment of the most
      relevant activity in this contractual arrangement is subject to judgement. The Group establishes the mine plan and the operating budget and has the
      ability to appoint the key management personnel, demonstrating that the Group has the existing rights to direct the relevant activities of Minera
      Escondida Ltda.
3     The Group has an effective interest of 92.5 per cent in BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd; however, by virtue of the shareholder agreement with
      ITOCHU Iron Ore Australia Pty Ltd and Mitsui & Co. Iron Ore Exploration & Mining Pty Ltd, the Group’s interest in the Jimblebar mining
      operation is 85 per cent, which is consistent with the other respective contractual arrangements at Western Australia Iron Ore.

                                                                            F-70
29 Investments accounted for using the equity method
Significant interests in equity accounted investments of the Group are those with the most significant contribution to the Group’s net profit or net assets.
The Group’s ownership interest in equity accounted investments results are listed in the table below. For a list of the Group’s associates and joint
ventures, refer to Exhibit 8.1 - List of Subsidiaries.

                                                             Country of
                                                           incorporation/                                                               Ownership interest
                                                              principal         Associate or
Significant associates                                         place of             joint        Principal              Reporting        2022         2021
and joint ventures                                            business            venture         activity                date            %            %
Cerrejón1                                            Anguilla/Colombia/Ireland Associate     Coal mining in           31 December               –      33.33
                                                                                             Colombia
Compañía Minera Antamina S.A. (Antamina)             Peru                      Associate     Copper and zinc          31 December         33.75        33.75
                                                                                             mining
Samarco Mineração S.A. (Samarco)                     Brazil                    Joint venture Iron ore mining          31 December         50.00        50.00

1     At 30 June 2021, the Group’s investment in Cerrejón was classified as ‘Assets held for sale’ and payables owed to Cerrejón was classified as
      ‘Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale’. During FY2022 the Group received dividends of US$238 million from Cerrejón and
      on 11 January 2022, BHP completed the sale of its 33.33 per cent interest in Cerrejón to Glencore. In accordance with the sale agreement, the final
      sale proceeds was adjusted for the dividends received to a final number of US$50 million.

Voting in relation to relevant activities in Antamina, determined to be the approval of the operating and capital budgets, does not require unanimous
consent of all participants to the arrangement, therefore joint control does not exist. Instead, because the Group has the power to participate in the
financial and operating policies of the investee, this investment is accounted for as an associate.

Samarco is jointly owned by BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda (BHP Brasil) and Vale S.A. (Vale). As the Samarco entity has the rights to the assets and
obligations to the liabilities relating to the joint arrangement and not its owners, this investment is accounted for as a joint venture.

The Group is restricted in its ability to make dividend payments from its investments in associates and joint ventures as any such payments require the
approval of all investors in the associates and joint ventures. The ownership interest at the Group’s and the associates’ or joint ventures’ reporting dates
are the same. When the annual financial reporting date is different to the Group’s, financial information is obtained as at 30 June in order to report on an
annual basis consistent with the Group’s reporting date.

The movement for the year in the Group’s investments accounted for using the equity method is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                Total equity
Year ended 30 June 2022                                                                       Investment in           Investment in              accounted
US$M                                                                                            associates            joint ventures            investments
At the beginning of the financial year                                                                 1,742                       –                   1,742
Loss from equity accounted investments, related impairments and expenses1,2                              653                    (676)                    (23)
Investment in equity accounted investments                                                                52                       –                      52
Dividends received from equity accounted investments3                                                   (787)                      –                    (787)
Divestment and demerger of equity accounted investments                                                 (240)                      –                    (240)
Other                                                                                                      –                     676                     676
At the end of the financial year                                                                       1,420                       –                   1,420

1     US$(676) million represents US$(663) million movement in the Samarco dam failure provision including US$(747) million change in estimate
      and US$84 million exchange translation, US$68 million movement in provisions related to the Samarco Germano dam decommissioning
      provision including US$56 million change in estimate and US$12 million exchange translation and US$(81) million fair value change on forward
      exchange derivatives. Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information.
2     Includes share of operating losses of equity accounted investments from Discontinued operations of US$4 million (2021: US$6 million; 2020:
      US$4 million). Refer to note 27 ‘Discontinued operations’.
3     Includes dividends received from equity accounted investments from Discontinued operations of US$10 million (2021: US$10 million; 2020:
      US$12 million).

                                                                            F-71
The following table summarises the financial information relating to each of the Group’s significant equity accounted investments. BHP Brasil’s 50 per
cent portion of Samarco’s commitments, for which BHP Brasil has no funding obligation, is US$350 million (2021: US$350 million).

                                                                                   Associates                             Joint ventures
2022                                                                                     Individually                              Individually
US$M                                                                       Antamina      immaterial1               Samarco2         immaterial      Total
Current assets                                                                 1,275                                     4993
Non-current assets                                                             5,293                                   5,717
Current liabilities                                                             (847)                                (10,830)4
Non-current liabilities                                                       (1,851)                                 (7,873)
Net assets/(liabilities) – 100%                                                3,870                                 (12,487)
Net assets/(liabilities) – Group share                                         1,306                                  (6,244)
Adjustments to net assets related to accounting policy adjustments                 –                                     2685
Investment in Samarco                                                              –                                     5166
Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                      –                                  (1,041)7
Additional share of Samarco losses                                                 –                                   5,3268
Unrecognised losses                                                                –                                   1,1759
Carrying amount of investments accounted for using the equity
  method                                                                          1,306              114                   –                  –     1,420
Revenue – 100%                                                                    5,264                                1,670
Profit/(loss) from Continuing operations – 100%                                   2,133                                 (528)10
Share of profit/(loss) of equity accounted investments                              720                                 (276)11
Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                         –                                    –
Additional share of Samarco losses                                                    –                                  290
Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                                     –                                  (81)
Unrecognised losses                                                                   –                                 (609)9
Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related
  impairments and expenses                                                          720               (63)              (676)                 –       (19)
Comprehensive income – 100%                                                       2,133                                 (528)
Share of comprehensive income/(loss) – Group share in equity
  accounted investments                                                            720                (63)              (676)                 –      (19)
Dividends received from equity accounted investments                               776                 11                  –                  –      787

                                                                                     Associates                             Joint ventures
2021
US$M                                                                                              Individually                       Individually
Restated                                                              Antamina       Cerrejón     immaterial1         Samarco2        immaterial    Total
Current assets                                                            1,499             –                               5093
Non-current assets                                                        4,885             –                             4,380
Current liabilities                                                      (1,285)            –                            (9,222)4
Non-current liabilities                                                  (1,062)            –                            (7,627)
Net assets/(liabilities) – 100%                                           4,037             –                           (11,960)
Net assets/(liabilities) – Group share                                    1,362             –                            (5,980)
Adjustments to net assets related to accounting policy adjustments            –             –                               2805
Investment in Samarco                                                         –             –                               5166
Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                 –             –                            (1,041)7
Additional share of Samarco losses                                            –             –                             4,4428
Unrecognised losses                                                           –             –                             1,7839
Carrying amount of investments accounted for using the equity
  method                                                                  1,362              –               380              –                –    1,742
Revenue – 100%                                                            4,822            844                              814
Profit/(loss) from Continuing operations – 100%                           1,847            (43)                          (2,202)10
Share of profit/(loss) of equity accounted investments                      623            (14)                          (1,076)11
Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Cerrejón                –           (466)                                –
Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                 –              –                             (111)7
Additional share of Samarco losses                                            –              –                               85
Fair value change on forward exchange derivatives                             –              –                              136
Unrecognised losses                                                           –              –                              (24)9
Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related
  impairments and expenses                                                  623           (480)              (68)          (990)               –     (915)
Comprehensive income/(loss) – 100%                                        1,847            (43)                          (2,202)
Share of comprehensive income/(loss) – Group share in equity
  accounted investments                                                     623           (480)              (68)          (990)               –     (915)
Dividends received from equity accounted investments                        714             13                10              –                –      737

                                                                         F-72
                                                                                    Associates                          Joint ventures
2020
US$M                                                                                             Individually                    Individually
Restated                                                              Antamina      Cerrejón      immaterial     Samarco2         immaterial     Total
Revenue – 100%                                                            2,464       1,091                            26
Profit/(loss) from Continuing operations – 100%                             629         (182)                      (3,617)10
Share of profit/(loss) of equity accounted investments                      212          (68)                      (1,918)11
Impairment of the carrying value of the investment in Samarco                 –            –                          (95)7
Additional share of Samarco losses                                            –            –                           93
Unrecognised losses                                                           –            –                        1,4129
Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investments, related
  impairments and expenses                                                  212          (68)           (144)         (508)                 –     (508)
Comprehensive income/(loss) – 100%                                          629         (182)                       (3,617)
Share of comprehensive income/(loss) – Group share in equity
  accounted investments                                                     212          (68)           (144)         (508)                 –     (508)
Dividends received from equity accounted investments                        105            9              12             –                  –      126

1    The unrecognised share of gain for the period was US$16 million (2021: unrecognised share of loss for the period was US$40 million), which
     decreased the cumulative losses to US$217 million (2021: increase to US$233 million).
2    Refer to note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’ for further information regarding the financial impact of the Samarco dam failure in
     November 2015 on BHP Brasil’s share of Samarco’s losses.
3    Includes cash and cash equivalents of US$106 million (2021: US$134 million).
4    Includes current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and provisions) of US$6,837 million (2021: US$6,567 million).
5    Relates mainly to dividends declared by Samarco that remain unpaid at balance date and which, in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy,
     are recognised when received not receivable.
6    Working capital funding provided to Samarco during the period is capitalised as part of the Group’s investments in joint ventures and disclosed as
     an impairment included within the Samarco impairment expense line item.
7    In the year ended 30 June 2016 BHP Brasil adjusted its investment in Samarco to US$ nil (resulting from US$(655) million share of loss from
     Samarco and US$(525) million impairment). Additional cumulative impairment losses relating to working capital funding of US$(516) million
     have also been recognised.
8    BHP Brasil has recognised accumulated additional share of Samarco losses of US$(5,326) million resulting from US$(4,539) million provisions
     relating to the Samarco dam failure, including US$(787) million recognised as net finance costs.
9    Share of Samarco’s losses for which BHP Brasil does not have an obligation to fund.
10   Includes depreciation and amortisation of US$205 million (2021: US$154 million; 2020: US$84 million), interest income of US$19 million
     (2021: US$1 million; 2020: US$16 million), interest expense of US$628 million (2021: US$492 million; 2020: US$588 million) and income tax
     (expense)/benefit of US$(7) million (2021: US$(303) million; 2020: US$(256) million).
11   Includes accounting policy adjustments mainly related to the removal of foreign exchange gains on excluded dividends payable.

                                                                         F-73
30 Interests in joint operations
Significant joint operations of the Group are those with the most significant contributions to the Group’s net profit or net assets. The Group’s interest in
the joint operations results are listed in the table below. For a list of the Group’s investments in joint operations, refer to Exhibit 8.1 - List of
Subsidiaries.

                                                                                                                                               Group’s interest
                                                                                                                                              2022      2021
Significant joint operations                             Country of operation         Principal activity                                       %         %
Mt Goldsworthy1                                          Australia                    Iron ore mining                                           85           85
Mt Newman1                                               Australia                    Iron ore mining                                           85           85
Yandi1                                                   Australia                    Iron ore mining                                           85           85
Central Queensland Coal Associates                       Australia                    Coal mining                                               50           50
Atlantis2                                                US                           Hydrocarbons production                                    –           44
Bass Strait2                                             Australia                    Hydrocarbons production                                    –           50
Macedon2                                                 Australia                    Hydrocarbons production                                    –        71.43
Mad Dog2                                                 US                           Hydrocarbons production                                    –          23.9
North West Shelf2                                        Australia                    Hydrocarbons production                                    – 12.5–16.67
Pyrenees2                                                Australia                    Hydrocarbons production                                    –    40–71.43
ROD Integrated Development2                              Algeria                      Hydrocarbons production                                    –        28.85
Shenzi2                                                  US                           Hydrocarbons production                                    –           72
Trinidad/Tobago2                                         Trinidad and Tobago          Hydrocarbons production                                    –    45–68.46

1     These contractual arrangements are controlled by the Group and do not meet the definition of joint operations. However, as they are formed by
      contractual arrangement and are not entities, the Group recognises its share of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses arising from these
      arrangements.
2     These joint operations formed part of the Group’s oil and gas portfolio that merged with Woodside on 1 June 2022. Refer to note 27 ‘Discontinued
      operations’ for details.

Assets held in joint operations subject to significant restrictions are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                 Group’s share
                                                                                                                                                 2022     2021
                                                                                                                                                 US$M US$M
Current assets                                                                                                                                    1,928    2,260
Non-current assets                                                                                                                               26,256 38,725
Total assets1                                                                                                                                    28,184 40,985

1     While the Group is unrestricted in its ability to sell a share of its interest in these joint operations, it does not have the right to sell individual assets
      that are used in these joint operations without the unanimous consent of the other participants. The assets in these joint operations are also
      restricted to the extent that they are only available to be used by the joint operation itself and not by other operations of the Group.

                                                                               F-74
31 Related party transactions
The Group’s related parties are predominantly subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, and key management personnel of the Group. Disclosures
relating to key management personnel are set out in note 24 ‘Key management personnel’. Transactions between each parent company and its
subsidiaries are eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note.
•     All transactions to/from related parties are made at arm’s length, i.e. at normal market prices and rates and on normal commercial terms.
•     Outstanding balances at year-end are unsecured and settlement occurs in cash. Loan amounts owing from related parties represent secured loans
      made to associates and joint ventures under co-funding arrangements. Such loans are made on an arm’s length basis.
•     No guarantees are provided or received for any related party receivables or payables.
•     No provision for expected credit losses has been recognised in relation to any outstanding balances and no expense has been recognised in respect
      of expected credit losses due from related parties.
•     There were no other related party transactions in the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: US$ nil), other than those with post-employment benefit
      plans for the benefit of Group employees. These are shown in note 26 ‘Employee benefits, restructuring and post-retirement employee benefits
      provisions’.
•     Related party transactions with Samarco are described in note 4 ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’.
Further disclosures related to related party transactions are as follows:


Transactions with related parties
                                                                                                          Joint ventures            Associates
                                                                                                         2022       2021        2022          2021
                                                                                                         US$M US$M             US$M          US$M
Sales of goods/services                                                                                       –         –             –             –
Purchases of goods/services                                                                                   –         –     1,852.132     1,564.073
Interest income                                                                                               –         –         0.398         2.241
Interest expense                                                                                              –         –         0.005             –
Dividends received                                                                                            –         –       787.208       737.250
Net loans made to/(repayments from) related parties                                                           –         –       (23.554)      (12.108)


Outstanding balances with related parties

                                                                                                          Joint ventures            Associates
                                                                                                         2022       2021        2022          2021
                                                                                                         US$M US$M              US$M         US$M
Trade amounts owing to related parties                                                                        –         –       351.607      316.269
Loan amounts owing to related parties                                                                         –         –             –        17.097
Trade amounts owing from related parties                                                                      –         –         6.855         0.004
Loan amounts owing from related parties                                                                       –         –             –        40.651

                                                                            F-75
Unrecognised items and uncertain events
32 Contingent liabilities
                                                                                                                                             2022        2021
                                                                                                                                             US$M        US$M
Associates and joint ventures1                                                                                                                1,541       1,532
Subsidiaries and joint operations1                                                                                                              925       1,615
Total                                                                                                                                         2,466       3,147

1     There are a number of matters, for which it is not possible at this time to provide a range of possible outcomes or a reliable estimate of potential
      future exposures, and for which no amounts have been included in the table above.

A contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by occurrence or non-occurrence of
one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. A contingent liability may also be a present obligation arising from past
events but is not recognised on the basis that an outflow of economic resources to settle the obligation is not viewed as probable, or the amount of the
obligation cannot be reliably measured.

When the Group has a present obligation, an outflow of economic resources is assessed as probable and the Group can reliably measure the obligation, a
provision is recognised.

The Group has entered into various counter-indemnities of bank and performance guarantees related to its own future performance, which are in the
normal course of business. The likelihood of these guarantees being called upon is considered remote.

The Group presently has tax matters, litigation and other claims, for which the timing of resolution and potential economic outflow are uncertain.
Obligations assessed as having probable future economic outflows capable of reliable measurement are provided at reporting date and matters assessed
as having possible future economic outflows capable of reliable measurement are included in the total amount of contingent liabilities above.
Individually significant matters, including narrative on potential future exposures incapable of reliable measurement, are disclosed below, to the extent
that disclosure does not prejudice the Group.

Uncertain tax and royalty      The Group is subject to a range of taxes and royalties across many jurisdictions, the application of which is uncertain in
matters                        some regards. Changes in tax law, changes in interpretation of tax law, periodic challenges and disagreements with tax
                               authorities, and legal proceedings result in uncertainty of the outcome of the application of taxes and royalties to the
                               Group’s business. Areas of uncertainty at reporting date include the application of taxes and royalties to the Group’s
                               cross-border operations and transactions.
                               To the extent uncertain tax and royalty matters give rise to a contingent liability, an estimate of the potential liability is
                               included within the table above, where it is capable of reliable measurement.
Samarco contingent             The table above includes contingent liabilities related to the Group’s equity accounted investment in Samarco to the
liabilities                    extent they are capable of reliable measurement. Details of contingent liabilities related to Samarco are disclosed in note 4
                               ‘Significant events – Samarco dam failure’.
Divestments and                Where the Group divests or demerges entities, it is generally agreed to provide certain indemnities to the acquiring or
demergers                      demerged entity. Such indemnities include those provided as part of the demerger of South 32 Ltd in May 2015,
                               divestment of Group’s Onshore US assets in September 2018 and October 2018, divestment of BMC in May 2022 and the
                               merger of the Group’s Petroleum business with Woodside in June 2022. No material claims have been made pursuant
                               to these indemnities as at 30 June 2022.


33 Subsequent events
Other than the matters outlined elsewhere in the Financial Statements, no matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the financial year that
have significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations, results of operations or state of affairs of the Group in subsequent accounting
periods.

                                                                             F-76
Other items
34 Auditor’s remuneration

                                                                                                                               2022      2021       2020
                                                                                                                               US$M      US$M       US$M
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for assurance services
Audit of the Group’s Annual Report                                                                                              9.816    10.642     11.196
Audit of the accounts of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates                                                            0.605     1.234      1.262
Audit-related assurance services required by legislation to be provided by the auditor                                          1.933     1.770      1.815
Other assurance and agreed-upon procedures under legislation or contractual arrangements                                        7.938     1.867      2.003
Total assurance services                                                                                                       20.292    15.513     16.276
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for non-assurance services
Other services                                                                                                                      –         –      0.400
Total other services                                                                                                                –         –      0.400
Total fees                                                                                                                     20.292    15.513     16.676

All amounts were paid to EY or EY affiliated firms with fees determined, and predominantly billed, in US dollars.


Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for assurance services
Audit of the Group’s Annual Report comprises fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the Group and includes audit work in relation to
compliance with section 404 of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

Audit-related assurance services required by legislation to be provided by the auditors mainly comprises review of half-year reports.

Other assurance services comprise assurance in respect of the Group’s sustainability reporting and economic contribution report, in addition to the audits
of the financial reports prepared in connection with the merger of BHP’s oil and gas portfolio with Woodside and the unification of BHP’s dual listed
corporate structure.


Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for other services
No amounts were payable for other services in FY2022 or FY2021. Amounts for other services in FY2020 comprised tax compliance services
(US$0.269 million) and tax advisory services (US$0.131 million).


35 Not required for US reporting

36 Not required for US reporting

37 New and amended accounting standards and interpretations and changes to accounting policies
New and amended accounting pronouncements adopted in the current year
The adoption of new and amended accounting pronouncements applicable from 1 July 2021 did not result in a significant impact on the Group’s
Financial Statements. This includes the Interest Rate Benchmark (IBOR) Reform – Phase 2 (Amendments to IFRS 9/AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’,
IAS 39/AASB139 ‘Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement’; IFRS 7/AASB 7 ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosures’; IFRS 4/AASB 4
‘Insurance Contracts’ and IFRS 16/AASB 16 ‘Leases’) early adopted in the prior year.


New and amended accounting pronouncements on issue but not yet effective
From 1 July 2022, the Group will adopt an amendment to IAS 16/AASB 116 ‘Property, Plant and Equipment’ that requires an entity to recognise the
sales proceeds from selling items produced while preparing property, plant and equipment for its intended use, and the related cost, in profit or loss,
instead of deducting the amounts received from the cost of the asset.

The amendment is applied retrospectively, but only to items of property, plant and equipment that became ready for its intended use on or after 1 July
2020.

The impact of the amendment on the Group is not expected to be significant and the Group has not identified any material amounts deducted from the
cost of assets since 1 July 2020.

A number of other accounting standards and interpretations have been issued and will be applicable in future periods. While these remain subject to
ongoing assessment, no significant impacts have been identified to date.

These pronouncements have not been applied in the preparation of these Financial Statements.

                                                                           F-77
1A Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BHP Group Limited

Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BHP Group Limited (the “Company”) as of 30 June 2022 and 2021, the related
consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity, and consolidated cash
flow statements for each of the three years in the period ended 30 June 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial
statements”).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at 30 June 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 30 June 2022, in conformity with International
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of 30 June 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated 6 September 2022 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon.


Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether to due to error or fraud. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or
required to be communicated to the Risk and Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does
not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

                                                                           F-78
                                           Carrying value of property, plant and equipment

Description of the Matter                  As disclosed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements the Company recorded US$61,295
                                           million in property plant and equipment as of 30 June 2022. The Company performs an assessment of
                                           indicators of impairment and impairment reversal for all cash generating units (CGU) at the end of each
                                           reporting period.

                                           Auditing management’s assessment of indicators of impairment and impairment reversal was complex
                                           due to the high degree of estimation uncertainty in forecasting the future cash flows for each CGU.
                                           Specifically, the indicators of impairment or impairment reversal and forecasted cash flows are
                                           sensitive to changes in significant assumptions, such as forecast commodity prices, reserve quantities,
                                           discount rates and the possible impacts related to climate change and the transition to a low carbon
                                           economy, which includes carbon price assumptions and the Company’s operational emissions reduction
                                           strategy.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the
                                           controls over the Company’s process to identify indicators of impairment or impairment reversal.

                                           We performed an analysis for indicators of impairment and impairment reversal. Our procedures
                                           involved assessing the key inputs such as forecast commodity prices, reserve quantities, discount rates
                                           and the impact of climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy used in the assessment of
                                           indicators of impairment or impairment reversal.

                                           We involved our valuation and climate change specialists to assist in assessing the reasonableness of
                                           commodity prices by comparing the forecasted commodity and carbon price assumptions to analyst and
                                           broker forecasts and those used by other market participants.

                                           In addition, our valuation specialists assisted in testing the discount rates used, including a comparison
                                           to external market data and evaluating whether the valuation methodology used was consistent with
                                           industry practice.

                                           To test the reserve quantities, we examined the information provided by the Company’s experts and we
                                           involved our mining reserve specialists to assist in the assessment of the reserve estimation
                                           methodology against the relevant industry and regulatory guidance.

                                           With the assistance of our climate change specialists, we tested that the Company’s forecast cash flows
                                           incorporated the Company’s operational emissions reduction strategy.

                                           In addition, we assessed the competence, qualifications, and objectivity of management’s internal and
                                           external specialists. Finally, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures within Notes 11 and 13 of the
                                           consolidated financial statements.

                                                                    F-79
                                           Closure and rehabilitation provisions

Description of the Matter                  As disclosed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded US$8,689
                                           million in closure and rehabilitation provisions as at 30 June 2022. Provisions for closure and
                                           rehabilitation are recognised by the Company when there is a present legal or constructive obligation, it
                                           is more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the
                                           amount can be reliably estimated.

                                           The Company estimates the individual site provisions using the expected value of future cash flows
                                           required to close and rehabilitate the relevant site using current restoration standards and techniques
                                           and taking into account risks and uncertainties. Individual site provisions are discounted to the present
                                           value using currency specific risk-free discount rates aligned to the estimated timing of cash outflows.

                                           Auditing management’s closure and rehabilitation provisions was complex and highly judgemental due
                                           to the significant estimation uncertainty within the key assumptions. Specifically, there was significant
                                           judgement in determining the expected life of sites including the impact of the Company’s climate
                                           related strategies, estimated cost and extent of rehabilitation activities, timing of activities, and the
                                           discount rates used. As a result of these inputs the provisions have a significant estimation uncertainty
                                           and a wide range of potential outcomes.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls
                                           over the Company’s closure and rehabilitation provision estimate process. Specifically, our procedures
                                           involved testing the controls around the significant assumptions used within the estimate, such as the
                                           estimated cost and extent of rehabilitation activities, in addition to the timing of activities.

                                           Our procedures included evaluation of the Company’s process for identifying legal and regulatory
                                           obligations for closure and rehabilitation, and the completeness and accuracy of data used within
                                           management’s estimate.

                                           We tested that the future rehabilitation costs were consistent with the closure plans prepared by
                                           management’s internal specialists. We compared the expected life of sites and resulting timing of
                                           closure activities used in the provision to the life of asset plans prepared by management’s internal
                                           specialists.

                                           With the assistance of our environmental specialists, we evaluated a sample of closure and
                                           rehabilitation provisions for operating and closed sites. Our testing included evaluating the closure and
                                           rehabilitation plan based on the relevant legal and regulatory requirements. In addition, we compared
                                           the timing of future cash flows and cost estimates against the closure and rehabilitation plan,
                                           environmental studies, and industrial practices. We evaluated the discount rates used against market
                                           data.

                                           With the assistance of our climate change and environmental specialists, we evaluated the Company’s
                                           consideration of physical risks, estimates related to post closure monitoring and maintenance and the
                                           timing of closure activities impacted by mine operating lives within the closure and rehabilitation
                                           provision.

                                           We tested the mathematical accuracy of the closure and rehabilitation provision calculations and
                                           assessed the competence, qualifications, and objectivity of management’s internal and external
                                           specialists. Finally, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures within Note 15 to the consolidated
                                           financial statements.

                                                                    F-80
                                             Samarco dam failure provisions recognised, including the Germano dam decommissioning and
                                             contingent liabilities disclosed

Description of the Matter                    As described in Notes 3, 4, and 32 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded a
                                             loss of US$1,032 million (pre-tax) for the year ended 30 June 2022 and recognised provisions of
                                             US$3,237 million for the Samarco dam failure and US$184 million for the Germano dam
                                             decommissioning as of 30 June 2022. The Company recognises a provision when it has a present
                                             obligation, and an outflow of economic resources is probable, and the obligation can be reliably
                                             measured.

                                             Auditing management’s estimate of the Samarco dam failure provisions and contingent liabilities
                                             disclosure was complex and highly judgemental due to the significant estimation uncertainty in
                                             determining the measurement and completeness of future cash outflows, as well as the extent of the
                                             Company’s legal obligations to fund the costs under the Framework and Governance Agreements.
                                             There was significant judgement in determining the nature and extent of remediation activities, the cost
                                             estimates for remediation and the number and categorisation of impacted people entitled to
                                             compensation. As a result of these inputs the provision has a significant estimation uncertainty and a
                                             wide range of potential outcomes.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit     We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the
                                             Company’s controls in determining the Samarco dam failure provisions. Specifically, we tested
                                             management’s controls over the significant assumptions as described above and the completeness and
                                             accuracy of data used within management’s estimates.

                                             To test the provisions, we performed audit procedures that included, amongst others, assessing
                                             methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and underlying data used by the
                                             Company in its analysis. We tested a sample of cost estimates used to source documents such as court
                                             decisions outlining compensation levels. We compared the nature and extent of activities included in
                                             the forecasted cash flows to the Framework Agreement. We also tested the mathematical accuracy of
                                             the models used to calculate the provisions. To assess management’s ability to forecast, we compared
                                             the prior years forecasted cash flows to actual results and understood key differences.

                                             To assess the status of claims we held discussions with internal and external legal counsel regarding
                                             ongoing Samarco dam failure litigation matters. In addition, we obtained legal confirmations and
                                             inspected communications with the Company’s external legal counsel.

                                             We evaluated the competence, qualifications and objectivity of the Company’s experts who assisted
                                             management in estimating the provision by considering the scope of work, their professional
                                             qualifications and remuneration structure. We also assessed the adequacy and completeness of the
                                             disclosures within Note 4 and 32 to the consolidated financial statements.

/s/ Ernst & Young

We have served as BHP Group Limited’s auditor since 2019

Melbourne, Australia
6 September 2022

                                                                      F-81
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BHP Group Limited

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of 30 June 2022, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the
“COSO criteria”). In our opinion, BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of 30 June 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the
consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of 30 June 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of
comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes of equity, and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the three years in the period
ended 30 June 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”) and our report dated 6 September 2022
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying section 7.2 Corporate Governance Report / Management’s assessment of
internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on
our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young

Melbourne, Australia
6 September 2022

                                                                           F-82
2 Directors’ declaration
In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of BHP Group Limited, the Directors declare that:
(a)   in the Directors’ opinion the Financial Statements and notes are in accordance with the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
      (i)    complying with the applicable Accounting Standards and the Australian Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth); and
      (ii)   giving a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of BHP Group Limited and the Group as at 30 June
             2022 and of their performance for the year ended 30 June 2022
(b)   the Financial Statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards, as disclosed in the Basis of preparation to the Financial
      Statements
(c)   to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the management report (comprising the Operating and Financial Review and Directors’ Report) includes a
      fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group and the undertakings included in the consolidation
      taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that the Group faces
(d)   in the Directors’ opinion there are reasonable grounds to believe that BHP Group Limited will be able to pay its debts as and when they become
      due and payable
(e)   as at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that BHP Group Limited and each of the Closed Group entities identified
      in Exhibit 8.1 – List of Subsidiaries will be able to meet any liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject because of the Deed of Cross
      Guarantee between BHP Group Limited and those group entities pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785
(f)   the Directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) from the Chief Executive
      Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2022

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.



Ken MacKenzie
Chair



Mike Henry
Chief Executive Officer

Dated this 16th day of August 2022

                                                                            F-83
3 Not required for US reporting

4 Included as section 1A
                                  F-84
                                                                  Exhibit 1.1




                                         Constitution of BHP Group Limited
                                                         ABN 49 004 028 077

Incorporating the amendments approved by shareholders at the 2005, 2007, 2008,
                2010, 2015 Annual General Meetings and 2022 General Meeting.
Constitution of BHP Group Limited
Table of contents


PRELIMINARY                                                                  5
    1.     Replaceable Rules not to apply                                    5
    2.     Definitions and Interpretation                                    5
SHARE CAPITAL AND SECURITIES                                                 8
    3.    Not used                                                           8
    4.    Not used                                                           8
    5.    Fractional entitlements                                            8
    6.    Not used                                                           8
    7.    Preference shares                                                  8
    8.    Issue of securities                                                9
    9.    Not used                                                           9
    10.   Commissions on issue of shares                                     9
    11.   Not used                                                           9
    12.   Non-recognition of equitable or other interests                    9
FORM OF HOLDING OF SHARES                                                   10
    13.    Certificates                                                     10
    14.    Computerised share transfer system                               10
    15.    Not used                                                         10
JOINT HOLDERS                                                               10
    16.    Joint holders                                                    10
CALLS ON SHARES                                                             11
    17.    Power to make calls                                              11
    18.    Voting restrictions - unpaid calls                               11
    19.    Interest on overdue amounts                                      11
    20.    Power to differentiate between holders                           11
    21.    Instalments; Payment of calls in advance                         11
FORFEITURE AND LIEN                                                         12
    22.    Notice requiring payment of sums payable                         12
    23.    Forfeiture on non-compliance with notice                         12
    24.    Surrender of shares                                              12
    25.    Disposal of forfeited shares                                     12
    26.    Liability despite forfeiture                                     12
    27.    Company’s lien                                                   12
    28.    Sale of shares to enforce lien                                   13
    29.    Title of shares forfeited or sold to enforce lien                13
    30.    Payments by the Company                                          13
VARIATION OF RIGHTS                                                         14
    31.    Variation of class rights                                        14
    32.    Matters not constituting variation of rights                     15
TRANSFER OF SECURITIES                                                      15
    33.    Transfers; proper ASTC transfers                                 15
    34.    Not used                                                         15
    35.    Refusal of registration                                          15
    36.    Transfer and certificate to be left at Office                    16
    37.    Not used                                                         16
    38.    Not used                                                         16
    39.    Not used                                                         16

                                                               Contents 1
   40.    Not used                                                    16
TRANSMISSION OF SECURITIES                                            16
   41.    Transmission on death                                       16
   42.    Election of persons entitled by transmission                16
   43.    Rights of persons entitled by transmission                  17
UNTRACED SHAREHOLDERS                                                 17
   44.    Not used                                                    17
GENERAL MEETINGS                                                      17
   45.    Calling of general meetings                                 17
   46.    Not used                                                    17
   47.    Contents of notice of general meeting                       17
PROCEEDINGS OF MEETINGS                                               17
   48.    Chairman                                                    17
   49.    Quorum                                                      18
   50.    Lack of quorum                                              18
   51.    Adjournment                                                 18
   52.    Not used                                                    19
   53.    Conduct of General Meetings                                 19
   54.    Amendments to Substantive Resolutions                       19
GENERAL VOTING AND POLL PROCEDURES                                    20
   55.    Voting                                                      20
   56.    Taking a poll                                               20
   57.    Special meetings                                            20
   58.    Not used                                                    21
   59.    Not used                                                    21
   60.    Not used                                                    21
VOTES OF SHAREHOLDERS                                                 21
   61.    Votes attaching to shares                                   21
   62.    Not used                                                    21
   63.    Not used                                                    21
   64.    Not used                                                    21
   65.    Not used                                                    21
   66.    Voting by guardian                                          21
   67.    Validity and result of vote                                 22
PROXIES                                                               22
   68.    Proxies                                                     22
   69.    Validity, revocation                                        23
   70.    Not used                                                    23
   71.    Board to issue forms of proxy                               23
   72.    Attorneys of shareholders                                   23
   73.    Not used                                                    24
DIRECTORS                                                             24
   74.    Number of Directors                                         24
   75.    Not used                                                    24
   76.    Remuneration of non-executive Directors                     24

                                                         Contents 2
   77.   Remuneration of Directors for extra services                       24
   78.   Travelling and other expenses                                      24
   79.   Retirement benefits                                                24
   80.   Appointment and remuneration of executive Directors                24
   81.   Powers of Directors                                                25
APPOINTMENT AND RETIREMENT OF DIRECTORS                                     25
   82.   Not used                                                           25
   83.   Term of appointment                                                25
   84.   Not used                                                           25
   85.   Re-election of retiring Director                                   25
   86.   Not used                                                           26
   87.   Nomination of Directors                                            26
   88.   Election or appointment of additional Directors                    26
   89.   Vacation of office                                                 26
   90.   Removal of Directors                                               27
PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS                                                    27
   91.   Procedures relating to Directors’ meetings                         27
   92.   Quorum                                                             27
   93.   Chairman                                                           27
   94.   Votes at meetings                                                  27
   95.   Number of Directors below minimum                                  27
   96.   Resolutions in writing / Meetings by technology                    28
   97.   Validity of actions                                                28
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS                                                        28
   98. Directors may have interests                                         28
   99. Restrictions on voting                                               29
   100. Directors’ interests - general                                      30
COMMITTEES                                                                  30
   101. Committees                                                          30
   102. Proceedings of Committee meetings                                   30
POWERS OF THE BOARD                                                         31
   103. General powers of the Board                                         31
   104. Not used                                                            31
   105. Not used                                                            31
   106. Appointment of attorney                                             31
   107. Not used                                                            31
   108. Not used                                                            31
   109. Not used                                                            31
   110. Borrowing powers                                                    31
   111. Not used                                                            31
   112. Not used                                                            31
   113. Not used                                                            31
AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS                                                 31
   114. Authentication of Documents                                         31
   115. Not used                                                            32
   116. Not used                                                            32

                                                               Contents 3
DIVIDENDS                                                     32
   117. Not used                                              32
   118. Power of Board to pay dividends                       32
   119. Distribution otherwise than in cash                   32
   120. Not used                                              33
   121. Ranking of shares for dividends                       33
   122. Manner of payment of dividends                        33
   123. Not used                                              34
   124. Not used                                              34
   125. No interest on dividends                              34
   126. Retention of dividends                                34
   127. Unclaimed dividend                                    34
   128. Waiver of dividend                                    34
CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS AND RESERVES                        34
   129. Capitalisation of profits and reserves                34
DIVIDEND PLANS                                                35
   130. Dividend Plans                                        35
ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS                                          35
   131.   Accounts and records                                35
   132.   Not used                                            36
   133.   Not used                                            36
   134.   Not used                                            36
NOTICES                                                       36
   135. Service of notices                                    36
   136. Notice to transferor binds transferee                 36
   137. Deceased and bankrupt members                         36
   138. Not used                                              37
   139. Not used                                              37
   140. Not used                                              37
WINDING UP OF THE COMPANY                                     37
   141.   Not used                                            37
   142.   Not used                                            37
   143.   Not used                                            37
   144.   Rights on winding-up                                37
DESTRUCTION OF DOCUMENTS                                      38
   145. Not used                                              38
INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE                                       38
   146. Indemnity and insurance                               38
CHANGE OF CONTROL                                             39
   147. Partial Takeover Plebiscites                          39
   148. Not used                                              39

                                                 Contents 4
Constitution of BHP Group Limited
PRELIMINARY

The Company is a public company limited by shares.


       1.      Replaceable Rules not to apply
       The replaceable rules in the Act do not apply to the Company.


       2.      Definitions and Interpretation
       (1)     In this Constitution unless the context requires otherwise:
                Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and includes a reference to the Corporations Regulations made under that Act;
                Action means any distribution or any action affecting the amount or nature of issued share capital, including any dividend, distribution
                in specie, offer by way of rights, bonus issue, repayment of capital, sub- division or consolidation, buy-back or amendment of the rights
                of any shares or a series of one or more of such actions;
                American Depository Shares means the American Depository Receipts listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) by the
                Company;
                Applicable Regulation means:
               (a)     applicable law and regulations;
               (b)     directives, notices or requirements of any Governmental Agency having jurisdiction over the Company; and
               (c)     the rules, regulations, and guidelines of:
                       (i)       any stock exchange on which either the Ordinary Shares or the American Depositary Shares are listed or quoted;
                       (ii)      any other body with which entities with securities listed or quoted on such exchanges customarily comply,
                (but, if not having the force of law, only if compliance with such directives, notices, requirements, rules, regulations or guidelines is in
                accordance with the general practice of persons to whom they are intended to apply) in each case for the time being in force and taking
                account of all exemptions, waivers or variations from time to time applicable (in particular situations or generally) to the Company;
                ASPL means ASX Settlement Pty Limited (ABN 49 008 504 532);
                ASX Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of the ASX;
                ASX Settlement Operating Rules means the operating rules of ASPL and, to the extent that they are applicable, the operating rules of
                ASX and the operating rules of ASX Clear Pty Limited (ABN 48 001 314 503);
                ASX means ASX Limited (ABN 98 008 624 691) or such other body corporate that is declared by the Board to be the Company’s
                primary stock exchange for the purposes of this definition;
                Australian dollars means the lawful currency from time to time of Australia;
                Board means all or some of the Directors from time to time acting as a board (or a duly appointed committee of the board);
                business day means a day which is a business day for the purposes of the ASX Listing Rules;

                                                                          page 5
call includes any instalment of a call and any amount due on issue of any share;
Chairman means the Chairman of the Board under Rule 93 or any person acting as chairman of a meeting of members or a meeting of
the Board;
Committee means a Committee to which powers have been delegated by the Board under Rule 101;
Company means BHP Group Limited (ABN 49 004 028 077);
Constitution means this constitution;
Deputy Chairman means any Director appointed as Deputy Chairman of the Board under Rule 93;
Director means a person appointed or elected to the office of Director of the Company in accordance with this Constitution;
Dividend Plan means any dividend plan as referred to in Rule 130 and includes the bonus share plan as regulated under Rule 128 of
the Company’s Constitution as at 1 January 1999, as amended in each case;
FCA Listing Rules means the listing rules made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by the Financial Conduct
Authority (or its successor from time to time) and contained in the Financial Conduct Authority’s publication of the same name, as
amended from time to time;
Governmental Agency means any government or representative of a government or any governmental, semi-governmental, supra-
national, statutory, administrative, fiscal, regulatory or judicial body, department, commission, authority, tribunal, agency or entity or
trade agency, and shall include competition authorities, the UK Panel on Takeovers and Mergers, the Corporations and Securities Panel
of Australia, the ASX, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the London Stock Exchange, the Financial Conduct
Authority, the South African Reserve Bank, the South African Financial Services Board, the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and the
South African Takeover Regulation Panel;
Group means the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time and a member of the Group means any one of them;
Johannesburg Stock Exchange means the JSE Limited, registration number 2005/022939/06, a public company incorporated in South
Africa, licensed as a securities exchange in terms of the South African Securities Services Act 36 of 2004;
JSE Listings Requirements means the listings requirements of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange;
London Stock Exchange means the London Stock Exchange plc;
LSE Rules means the rules of the London Stock Exchange made by the London Stock Exchange from time to time;
Month means a calendar month;
Ordinary Share means the ordinary shares of the Company from time to time;
Office means the registered office of the Company;
person and words importing persons include partnerships, associations and corporations as well as individuals;
proper ASTC transfer has the same meaning given to that term in the Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth);
Register means the register of holders of securities issued by the Company;
registered address means the address of a shareholder specified on a transfer or any other address of which the shareholder notifies the
Company as a place at which the shareholder will accept service of notices;

                                                         page 6
         retiring Director means a Director who retires under Rule 83 and a Director who ceases to hold office under Rule 88;
         Secretary means a person appointed as, or to perform the duties of, secretary of the Company;
         securities includes shares, rights to shares, options to acquire shares, instalment receipts and other securities with rights of conversion
         to equity;
         shareholders present means shareholders present at a general meeting of the Company in person or by properly appointed
         representative, proxy or attorney;
         Statutes means the Act and every other statute, statutory instrument, regulation or order for the time being in force concerning
         companies regulated under the Act and affecting the Company;
         Substantive Resolutions means all resolutions (other than resolutions of a procedural nature);
         writing and written includes printing, typing, lithography and other modes of reproducing words in a visible form, whether electronic
         or otherwise;
         words and phrases which are given a special meaning by the Act have the same meaning in this Constitution;
         words in the singular include the plural and vice versa; words importing a gender include each other gender.
(2)     A reference to the Act or any other statute or regulations is to be read as though the words “as modified or substituted” were added to
        the reference.
(3)     A reference to the ASX Listing Rules is to the ASX Listing Rules as are in force in relation to the Company after taking into account
        any waiver or exemption which is in force either generally or in relation to the Company.
(4)     The headings and sidenotes do not affect the construction of this Constitution.
(5)     The expression shareholders’ meeting shall include both a general meeting and a meeting of the holders of any class of shares of the
        Company.
(6)     A special resolution shall be effective for any purpose for which an ordinary resolution is expressed to be required under any provision
        of this Constitution.
(7)     A reference to any agreement or document is to that agreement or document as amended, novated, supplemented, varied or replaced
        from time to time.
(8)     A reference to a document being “signed” or to “signature” includes the document being executed under hand or under seal or by any
        other method and, in the case of a communication in electronic form, includes the document being authenticated in accordance with the
        Act.
(9)     A reference to a body (including, an institute, association, authority or Governmental Agency), whether statutory or not:
                (i)       which ceases to exist; or
                (ii)      whose powers or functions are transferred to another body, is a reference to the body which replaces it or which
                          substantially succeeds to its powers or functions.
(10)    References to offers by way of rights are to any offers (whether renounceable or non-renounceable) to the existing ordinary
        shareholders of the Company as nearly as may be in proportion to their holdings at the relevant time on a pre-emptive basis which may
        be subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Board, may deem necessary or expedient in relation to fractional entitlements
        or legal or practical difficulties with making the offer under the laws of, or the requirements of any Applicable Regulation in, any
        jurisdiction.
Unless the context otherwise permits, terms defined in the Act have the same meaning when used in this Constitution.

                                                                   page 7
SHARE CAPITAL AND SECURITIES

     3.       Not used
     4.       Not used
     5.       Fractional entitlements
     If, as the result of a consolidation and division, a sub-division or a pro rata issue of shares, a member becomes entitled to a fraction of a share,
     the Board may on behalf of that member deal with that fractional entitlement as the Board thinks fit. In particular, the Board may:
     (a)      issue a whole share in place of that fractional entitlement;
     (b)      disregard that fractional entitlement;
     (c)      issue a fractional share certificate;
     (d)      make a cash payment in satisfaction of that fractional entitlement;
     (e)      vest cash in trustees on trust for that member as the Board thinks fit; or
     (f)      make (or authorise any person to make) an agreement for the issue to a third person of shares (credited as fully paid up) representing
              that fractional entitlement and any other fractional entitlements which the Board is empowered to deal with. Such agreement may
              provide for the sale of those shares by that third person and the payment of the proceeds of sale to the members concerned.


     6.       Not used
     7.       Preference shares
     If the Company at any time proposes to create and issue any preference shares:
     (a)      the preference shares may be issued, on the terms that they are to be redeemed or, at the option of either or both the Company and the
              holder, are liable to be redeemed, whether out of share capital, profits or otherwise;
     (b)      the preference shares confer on the holders the right to convert the preference shares into ordinary shares if and on the basis the Board
              determines at the time of issue of the preference shares;
     (c)      (i)     the preference shares confer on the holders a right to receive out of the profits of the Company available for dividend a
                      preferential dividend at the rate (which may be subject to an index) and on the basis determined by the Board at the time of issue
                      of the preference shares;
              (ii)    in addition to the preferential dividend, the preference shares may participate with the ordinary shares in dividends declared by
                      the Board if and to the extent the Board determines at the time of issue of the preference shares; and
              (iii)   the preferential dividend may be cumulative if and to the extent the Board determines at the time of issue of the preference
                      shares;
     (d)      the preference shares are to confer on the holders:
              (i)     the right on redemption and in a winding up to payment in cash in priority to any other class of shares of:
                      (A)       the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on each of the preference shares; and

                                                                         page 8
                 (B)      the amount (if any) equal to the aggregate of any dividends accrued (whether determined or not) but unpaid and of any
                          arrears of dividends; and
         (ii)    the right, in priority to any payment of dividend on any other class of shares, to the preferential dividend;
(e)      the preference shares do not confer on the holders any further rights to participate in assets or profits of the Company;
(f)      the holders of the preference shares have the same rights as the holders of ordinary shares to receive notices, reports and accounts and to
         attend and be heard at all general meetings, but are not to have the right to vote at general meetings except as follows:
         (i)     on any question considered at a general meeting if, at the date of the meeting, the dividend or part of the dividend on the
                 preference shares is in arrears;
         (ii)    at a general meeting on a proposal:
                 (A)      to reduce the share capital of the Company;
                 (B)      to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement;
                 (C)      that affects rights attached to the preference shares;
                 (D)      to wind up the Company;
                 (E)      for the disposal of the whole of the property of the Company; and
         (iii)   on any question considered at a general meeting held during the winding up of the Company; and
(g)      the Company may issue further preference shares ranking pari passu in all respects with (but not in priority to) other preference shares
         already issued and the rights attaching to the preference shares on issue are not to be taken to have been varied by the further issue.


8.       Issue of securities
Without affecting any special rights conferred on the holders of any shares, any shares or other securities may be issued by the Company
(including redeemable shares) with preferred, deferred or other special rights, obligations or restrictions, whether in regard to dividends, voting,
return of share capital, payment of calls, rights of conversion, rights of redemption (whether at the option of the holder or of the Company) or
otherwise, as and when the Board may determine and on any other terms the Board considers appropriate provided that the rights attaching to a
class other than Ordinary Shares shall be expressed at the date of issue.


9.       Not used
10.      Commissions on issue of shares
The Company may exercise the powers of paying commissions conferred by the Act to the full extent thereby permitted. The Company may also
on any issue of shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.


11.      Not used
12.      Non-recognition of equitable or other interests
Except as required by law, the Company is entitled to treat the registered holder of any share as the absolute owner of the share and is not bound
to recognise (even when having notice) any equitable or other claim to or interest in the share on the part of any other person.

                                                                   page 9
FORM OF HOLDING OF SHARES

     13.      Certificates
     The Board may determine to issue certificates for shares or other securities of the Company, to cancel any certificates in issue and to replace lost,
     destroyed or defaced certificates in issue on the basis and in the form it thinks fit.


     14.      Computerised share transfer system
     Without limiting Rule 13, if the Company participates, or to enable the Company to participate, in any computerised or electronic share transfer
     system, the Board may:
     (a)      provide that shares may be held in certificated or uncertificated form and make any provision it thinks fit, including for the issue or
              cancellation of certificates, to enable shareholders to hold shares in uncertificated form and to convert between certificated and
              uncertificated holdings;
     (b)      provide that some or all shareholders are not to be entitled to receive a share certificate in respect of some or all of the shares which the
              shareholders hold in the Company;
     (c)      accept any instrument of transfer, transfer document or other method of transfer in accordance with the requirements of the share
              transfer system; and
     (d)      despite any other provision in this Constitution, do all things it considers necessary, required or authorised by the Act, the ASX Listing
              Rules, the ASX Settlement Operating Rules, FCA Listing Rules, LSE Rules or the JSE Listings Requirements in connection with the
              share transfer system.


     15.      Not used


JOINT HOLDERS

     16.      Joint holders
     Where two or more persons are registered as the holders of any share, they hold the share subject to the following provisions:
     (a)      (Number of holders) the Company is not bound to register more than four persons as the holders of the share (except in the case of
              personal representatives);
     (b)      (Liability for payments) the joint holders of the share are liable severally as well as jointly in respect of all payments which ought to
              be made in respect of the share;
     (c)      (Death of joint holder) on the death of any one of the joint holders, the remaining joint holders are the only persons recognised by the
              Company as having any title to the share but the Board may require evidence of death and the estate of the deceased holder is not
              released from any liability in respect of the share;
     (d)      (Power to give receipt) any one of the joint holders may (and, in any case where two or more persons are jointly entitled to a share in
              consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder or otherwise by operation of law, any one of those persons jointly entitled may)
              give a receipt for any dividend, bonus or return of capital payable to the joint holders;
     (e)      (Notices and certificates) only the person whose name appears first in the Register as one of the joint holders of the share is entitled, if
              the Company determines to issue certificates for shares, to delivery of a certificate relating to the share or to receive notices from the
              Company and any notice given to that person is notice to all the joint holders;

                                                                        page 10
     (f)     (Votes of joint holders) any one of the joint holders may vote at any meeting of the Company either personally or by properly
             authorised representative, proxy or attorney, in respect of the share as if that joint holder was solely entitled to the share. If more than
             one of the joint holders are present at any meeting personally or by properly authorised representative, proxy or attorney, the joint
             holder who is present whose name appears first in the Register in respect of the share is entitled alone to vote in respect of the share.


CALLS ON SHARES

     17.     Power to make calls
     (1)     Subject to the terms on which any shares may have been issued, the Board may make calls on the shareholders in respect of all moneys
             unpaid on their shares. Each shareholder (subject to receiving at least 14 days’ notice specifying the time or times and place of payment)
             is liable to pay the amount of each call in the manner, at the time and at the place specified by the Board. Calls may be made payable by
             instalments.
     (2)     A call is considered to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Board authorising the call was passed. The call may be
             revoked or postponed at the discretion of the Board at any time prior to the date on which payment in respect of the call is due. The
             non-receipt of a notice of any call by, or the accidental omission to give notice of any call to, any shareholder does not invalidate the
             call.


     18.     Voting restrictions - unpaid calls
     No shareholder shall, unless the Directors otherwise determine, be entitled in respect of any share held by him to vote either personally or by
     proxy at a shareholders’ meeting or to exercise any other right conferred by membership in relation to shareholders’ meetings if any call or other
     sum presently payable by him to the Company in respect of that share remains unpaid.


     19.     Interest on overdue amounts
     If any sum payable in respect of a call is not paid on or before the date for payment, the shareholder from whom the sum is due is to pay interest
     on the unpaid amount from the due date to the date of payment at the rate the Board determines. The Board may waive the whole or part of any
     interest paid or payable under this Rule.


     20.     Power to differentiate between holders
     The Board may make arrangements on the allotment of shares for a difference between the holders of those shares in the amount of calls to be
     paid and the time of payment of the calls.


     21.     Instalments; Payment of calls in advance
     (1)     Any sum which by the terms of issue of a share becomes payable upon issue or at any fixed date shall for all the purposes of this
             Constitution be deemed to be a call duly made and payable on the date on which by the terms of allotment the same becomes payable.
             In case of non-payment all the relevant provisions of this Constitution as to payment of interest and expenses, forfeiture or otherwise
             shall apply as if such sum had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.
     (2)     The Board may if it thinks fit receive from any member willing to advance the same all or any part of the moneys uncalled and unpaid
             upon the shares held by him and such payment in advance of calls shall extinguish pro tanto the liability upon the shares in respect of
             which it is made and upon the money so received (until and to the extent that the same would but for such advance become payable) the
             Company may pay interest at such rate as the member paying such sum and the Board may agree.

                                                                        page 11
FORFEITURE AND LIEN

     22.      Notice requiring payment of sums payable
     (1)      If any shareholder fails to pay any sum payable on or in respect of any shares (including money payable on issue, calls or instalments)
              on or before the day for payment, the Board may serve a notice on the shareholder requiring that shareholder to pay the sum together
              with interest accrued and all expenses incurred by the Company by reason of the non-payment. The notice may be served at any time
              whilst any part of the sum remains unpaid.
     (2)      The notice referred to in Rule 22(1) must state a day on or before which the sum, interest and expenses (if any) are to be paid and the
              place where payment is to be made. The notice is also to state that, if payment is not made by the time and at the place specified, the
              shares in respect of which the sum is payable are liable to be forfeited.


     23.      Forfeiture on non-compliance with notice
     (1)      If there is non-compliance with the requirements of any notice given under Rule 22(1), any shares in respect of which the notice has
              been given may be forfeited by a resolution of the Board passed at any time after the time specified in the notice for payment. The
              forfeiture is to include all dividends, interest and other moneys payable by the Company in respect of the forfeited shares and not
              actually paid before the forfeiture.
     (2)      When any share is forfeited, notice of the resolution of the Board is to be given to the shareholder in whose name it stood immediately
              prior to the forfeiture, and an entry of the forfeiture and the date of forfeiture is to be made in the Register. Failure to give notice or
              make the entry as required by this Rule does not invalidate the forfeiture.


     24.      Surrender of shares
     Subject to the Act, the Board may, in its discretion, accept the surrender of any share. Any shares surrendered may be sold or re-issued in the
     same manner as forfeited shares.


     25.      Disposal of forfeited shares
     Any forfeited share is considered to be the property of the Company and the Board may sell or otherwise dispose of or deal with the share in any
     manner it thinks fit and with or without any money paid on the share by any former holder being credited as paid up. At any time before any
     forfeited share is sold or otherwise disposed of, the Board may annul the forfeiture of the share on any condition it thinks fit.


     26.      Liability despite forfeiture
     Any shareholder whose shares have been forfeited is, despite the forfeiture, liable to pay and must immediately pay to the Company all sums of
     money, interest and expenses owing on or in respect of the forfeited shares at the time of forfeiture, together with expenses and interest from that
     time until payment at the rate the Board determines. The Board may enforce the payment or waive the whole or part of any sum paid or payable
     under this Rule as it thinks fit.


     27.      Company’s lien
     The Company has a first and paramount lien on every share (not being a fully paid share) for unpaid calls, instalments, interest due in relation to
     any calls or instalments and any amounts the Company is required by law to pay on the share. The lien extends to the proceeds of sale of the
     share and to all dividends and bonuses declared in respect of the share but, if the Company registers a transfer of any share on which it has a lien
     without giving the transferee notice of any claim it may have at that time, the share is discharged from the lien of the Company in respect of that
     claim. The Board may do all things it considers appropriate under the ASX Settlement Operating Rules and the ASX Listing Rules to protect or
     enforce any lien.

                                                                       page 12
28.     Sale of shares to enforce lien
For the purpose of enforcing a lien, the Board may sell the shares which are subject to the lien (and in respect of which an amount is due to the
Company but unpaid) in any manner it thinks fit and with or without giving any notice to the shareholder in whose name the shares are
registered.


29.     Title of shares forfeited or sold to enforce lien
(1)     In a sale or a re-issue of forfeited shares or in the sale of shares to enforce a lien, an entry in the Board’s minute book that the shares
        have been forfeited, sold or re-issued in accordance with this Constitution is sufficient evidence of that fact as against all persons
        entitled to the shares immediately before the forfeiture, sale or re-issue of the shares. The Company may receive the purchase money or
        consideration (if any) given for the shares on any sale or re-issue.
(2)     In a sale or re-issue, a certificate signed by a Director or the Secretary to the effect that the shares have been forfeited and the receipt of
        the Company for the price of the shares constitutes a good title to them.
(3)     In a sale, the Board may appoint a person to execute, or may otherwise effect, a transfer in favour of the person to whom the shares are
        sold.
(4)     On the issue of the receipt or the transfer being executed or otherwise effected the person to whom the shares have been re-issued or
        sold is to be registered as the holder of the shares, discharged from all calls or other money due in respect of the shares prior to the
        re-issue or purchase and that person is not bound to see to the regularity of the proceedings or to the application of the purchase money
        or consideration; nor is that person’s title to the shares affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings relating to the
        forfeiture, sale or re-issue.
(5)     The net proceeds of any sale or re-issue are to be applied first in payment of all costs of or in relation to the enforcement of the lien or
        the forfeiture (as the case may be) and of the sale or re-issue, next in satisfaction of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is
        then payable to the Company (including interest) and the residue (if any) paid to, or at the direction of, the person registered as the
        holder of the shares immediately prior to the sale or re-issue or to the person’s executors, administrators or assigns on the production of
        any evidence as to title required by the Board.


30.     Payments by the Company
(1)     Rule 30(2) applies if any law of any place imposes or purports to impose any immediate or future or possible liability on the Company
        to make any payment or empowers any government or authority to require the Company to make any payment in respect of any
        securities held either jointly or solely by any holder or in respect of any transfer of those securities or in respect of any interest,
        dividends, bonuses or other moneys due or payable or accruing due or which may become due or payable to the holder by the Company
        on or in respect of any securities or for or on account or in respect of any holder of securities, whether because of:
         (a)    the death of the holder;
         (b)    the non-payment of any income tax or other tax by the holder;
         (c)    the non-payment of any estate, probate, succession, death, stamp or other duty by the holder or the trustee, executor or
                administrator of that holder or by or out of the holder’s estate;
         (d)    any assessment of income tax against the Company in respect of interest or dividends paid or payable to the holder; or

                                                                   page 13
             (e)    any other act or thing.
     (2)     In each case referred to in Rule 30(1):
             (a)    the Company is to be fully indemnified from all liability by the holder or the holder’s personal representative and by any person
                    who becomes registered as the holder of the securities on the distribution of the deceased holder’s estate;
             (b)    the Company has a lien on the securities for all moneys paid by the Company in respect of the securities under or in
                    consequence of any law;
             (c)    the Company has a lien on all dividends, bonuses and other moneys payable in respect of the securities registered in the Register
                    as held either jointly or solely by the holder for all moneys paid or payable by the Company in respect of the securities under or
                    in consequence of any law, together with interest at a rate the Board may determine from the date of payment to the date of
                    repayment, and may deduct or set off against any dividend, bonus or other moneys payable any moneys paid or payable by the
                    Company together with interest;
             (d)    the Company may recover as a debt due from the holder or the holder’s personal representative or any person who becomes
                    registered as the holder of the securities on the distribution of the deceased holder’s estate, any moneys paid by the Company
                    under or in consequence of any law which exceed any dividend, bonus or other money then due or payable by the Company to
                    the holder together with interest at a rate the Board may determine from the date of payment to the date of repayment; and
             (e)    if any money is paid or payable by the Company under any law, the Company may refuse to register a transfer of any securities
                    by the holder or the holder’s personal representative until the money and interest is set off or deducted or, where the money and
                    interest exceeds the amount of any dividend, bonus or other money then due or payable by the Company to the holder, until the
                    excess is paid to the Company. The power to refuse to register a transfer does not extend to a proper ASTC transfer except a
                    proper ASTC transfer which is purported to be effected whilst a holding lock is in place as referred to in Rule 33(3).
     Nothing in this Rule affects any right or remedy which any law confers on the Company and any right or remedy is enforceable by the Company
     against the holder or the holder’s personal representative.


VARIATION OF RIGHTS

     31.     Variation of class rights
     (1)     Whenever the capital of the Company is divided into different classes of shares, the special rights attached to any class (unless
             otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may be varied or abrogated by a special resolution approving the
             proposed variation or abrogation passed by the Company and:
             (a)    a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the issued shares of the class affected; or
             (b)    with the written consent of members with at least 75% of the votes in the class affected.
     (2)     No approval or consent shall be required in respect of the redemption of any redeemable preference shares in accordance with the terms
             of issue.
     (3)     All the provisions of this Constitution as to general meetings of the Company shall, with any necessary amendments, apply to any such
             separate meeting, but so that:

                                                                      page 14
              (a)    the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons entitled to vote and holding or representing by proxy in aggregate not less
                     than one-third in nominal value of the issued shares of the class, except at an adjourned meeting where one holder entitled to
                     vote and present in person or by proxy shall be a quorum (irrespective of the number of shares held);
              (b)    subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any class of shares, every holder of shares of the class present in person or by
                     proxy and entitled to vote shall be entitled on a poll to one vote for every share of the class held; and
              (c)    any holder of shares of the class present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote may demand a poll.
     (4)     This Rule 31 shall apply to the variation of the special rights attached to some only of the shares of any class as if each group of shares
             of the class differently treated formed a separate class and their special rights were to be varied.


     32.     Matters not constituting variation of rights
     The special rights attached to any class of shares having preferential rights shall not unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue
     thereof be deemed to be varied by (a) the issue of further shares ranking as regards participation in the profits or assets of the Company in some
     or all respects pari passu therewith but in no respect in priority thereto or (b) the purchase by the Company of any of its own shares.


TRANSFER OF SECURITIES

     33.     Transfers; proper ASTC transfers
     (1)     A transfer of any securities may be effected by:
              (a)    a written transfer in the usual or common form or in any form the Board may prescribe or in a particular case accept, properly
                     stamped (if necessary) being delivered to the Company;
              (b)    a proper ASTC transfer, which is to be in the form required or permitted by the Act or the ASX Settlement Operating Rules; or
              (c)    any other electronic system in which the Company participates in accordance with the rules of that system.
     (2)     Except in the case of a proper ASTC transfer, the transferor is deemed to remain the holder of the securities transferred until the name of
             the transferee is entered on the Register. A proper ASTC transfer is taken to be recorded in the Register and the name of the transferee to
             be registered as the holder of the securities comprised in the proper ASTC transfer, as provided in the ASX Settlement Operating Rules.
     (3)     The Board may take any action it thinks fit to comply with the ASX Settlement Operating Rules and may request ASPL to apply a
             holding lock to prevent a transfer of securities the subject of the ASX Settlement Operating Rules if the Board thinks fit.


     34.     Not used
     35.     Refusal of registration
     (1)     The Board may refuse to register any transfer of securities:
              (a)    if the registration of the transfer would result in a contravention of or failure to observe the provisions of any applicable law or
                     the ASX Listing Rules;
              (b)    on which the Company has a lien or which are subject to forfeit; or
              (c)    if permitted to do so under the ASX Listing Rules.

                                                                       page 15
     (2)      The decision of the Board relating to the registration of a transfer is absolute. Failure to give notice of refusal to register any transfer as
              may be required under the Act or the ASX Listing Rules does not invalidate the decision of the Board.
     (3)      The Board may also refuse to register an allotment or a transfer of shares (whether fully paid or not) in favour of more than four persons
              jointly.


     36.      Transfer and certificate to be left at Office
     (1)      Every transfer must be left for registration at the Office or any other place the Board determines. If the Board determines either
              generally or in a particular case, the transfer is to be accompanied by the certificate (if any) for the securities to be transferred. In
              addition, the transfer is to be accompanied by any other evidence which the Board may require to prove the title of the transferor, the
              transferor’s right to transfer the securities, proper execution of the transfer or compliance with any law relating to stamp duty. The
              requirements of this Rule do not apply in respect of a proper ASTC transfer.
     (2)      Subject to Rule 36(1), on each application to register the transfer of any securities or to register any person as the holder of any
              securities transmitted to that person by operation of law or otherwise, the certificate (if any) specifying the securities in respect of which
              registration is required must be delivered to the Company for cancellation and on registration the certificate is considered to have been
              cancelled.
     (3)      Each transfer which is registered may be retained by the Company for any period determined by the Board after which the Company
              may destroy it.


     37.      Not used
     38.      Not used
     39.      Not used
     40.      Not used


TRANSMISSION OF SECURITIES

     41.      Transmission on death
     The personal representative of a deceased shareholder (who is not one of several joint holders) is the only person recognised by the Company as
     having any title to securities registered in the name of the deceased shareholder.
     Subject to compliance by the transferee with this Constitution, the Board may register any transfer effected by a shareholder prior to the
     shareholder’s death despite the Company having notice of the shareholder’s death.


     42.      Election of persons entitled by transmission
     A person (a transmittee) who satisfies the Board that the right to any securities has devolved on the transmittee by will or by operation of law
     may be registered as a shareholder in respect of the securities or may (subject to the provisions in this Constitution relating to transfers) transfer
     the securities. The Board has the same right to refuse to register the transmittee as if the transmittee was the transferee named in an ordinary
     transfer presented for registration.

                                                                         page 16
     43.      Rights of persons entitled by transmission
     Save as otherwise provided by or in accordance with this Constitution, a person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or
     bankruptcy of a member or otherwise by operation of law shall (upon supplying to the Company such evidence as the Directors may reasonably
     require to show his title to the share) be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages as those to which he would be entitled if he were the
     registered holder of the share.


UNTRACED SHAREHOLDERS

     44.      Not used


GENERAL MEETINGS

     45.      Calling of general meetings
     (1)      The Board may, and shall on requisition in accordance with the Act, call a general meeting of the Company to be held at the time and
              place or places and in the manner determined by the Board. No shareholder may convene a general meeting of the Company except
              where entitled under the Act to do so. By resolution of the Board any general meeting may be cancelled or postponed prior to the date
              on which it is to be held, except where the cancellation or postponement would be contrary to the Act. The Board may give notice of a
              cancellation or postponement as it thinks fit but any failure to give notice of cancellation or postponement does not invalidate the
              cancellation or postponement or any resolution passed at a postponed meeting.
     (2)      Any Director may convene a general meeting whenever the Director thinks fit. A Director may cancel by notice in writing to all
              members any meeting convened by that Director under this Rule 45(2).


     46.      Not used
     47.      Contents of notice of general meeting
     (1)      Where the Company has called a general meeting, notice of the meeting may be given in the form and manner in which the Board
              thinks fit. The non-receipt of a notice of any general meeting by, or the accidental omission to give notice to, any person entitled to
              notice, does not invalidate any resolution passed at that meeting.
     (2)      For the purposes of determining which persons are entitled to attend or vote at a meeting and how many votes such a person may cast,
              the Company may specify in the notice of meeting a time, not more than 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting, by which a
              person must be entered on the Register in order to have the right to attend or vote at the meeting.


PROCEEDINGS OF MEETINGS

     48.      Chairman
     (1)      The Chairman of the Board is entitled to chair every general meeting.
     (2)      If at any general meeting:
              (a)    the Chairman of the Board is not present at the specified time for holding the meeting; or

                                                                       page 17
         (b)    the Chairman of the Board is present but is unwilling to chair the meeting,
         the Deputy Chairman of the Board is entitled to chair the meeting.
(3)      If at any general meeting:
         (a)    there is no Chairman of the Board or Deputy Chairman of the Board;

         (b)    the Chairman of the Board and Deputy Chairman of the Board are not present at the specified time for holding the meeting; or
         (c)    the Chairman of the Board and the Deputy Chairman of the Board are present but each is unwilling to chair the meeting,
         the Directors present may choose another Director as Chairman of the meeting and if no Director is present or if each of the Directors
         present is unwilling to chair the meeting, a shareholder chosen by the shareholders present is entitled to chair the meeting.
(4)      If during any general meeting the Chairman acting under the preceding paragraphs of this Rule 48 is unwilling to chair any part of the
         proceedings, the Chairman may withdraw as Chairman during the relevant part of the proceedings and may nominate any person who
         immediately before the general meeting was a Director or who has been nominated for election as a Director at the meeting to be Acting
         Chairman of the meeting during the relevant part of the proceedings. On the conclusion of the relevant part of the proceedings the
         Acting Chairman is to withdraw and the Chairman is to resume to chair the meeting.


49.      Quorum
Five shareholders present in person or by proxy constitute a quorum for a general meeting. No business may be transacted at any meeting except
the election of a Chairman and the adjournment of the meeting unless the requisite quorum is present at the commencement of the business.


50.      Lack of quorum
If there is not a quorum at a general meeting within 15 minutes after the time specified in the notice of the meeting, the meeting is dissolved
unless the Chairman adjourns the meeting to a date, time and place determined by the Chairman. If no quorum is present at any adjourned
meeting within 15 minutes after the time for the meeting, the meeting is dissolved.


51.      Adjournment
(1)      The Chairman may and shall if so directed by the meeting, adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place.
(2)      Not used
(3)      If the Chairman elects to adjourn the meeting under paragraph (1), the Chairman may decide whether to seek the approval of the
         meeting.
(4)      No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the
         adjournment took place.
(5)      It is not a requirement of this Constitution to give notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting.
(6)      Not used.
(7)      Without prejudice to any other power which the chair may have under the provisions of this Constitution or at law, the Chairman may,
         without the consent of the meeting, interrupt or adjourn a meeting from time to time and from place to place or for an indefinite period
         if the Chairman decides that it has become necessary to do so in order to:
         (a)    secure the proper and orderly conduct of the meeting;

                                                                  page 18
      (b)    give all persons entitled to do so a reasonable opportunity of speaking and voting at the meeting; or
      (c)    ensure that the business of the meeting is properly disposed of.


52.   Not used
53.   Conduct of General Meetings
(1)   The conduct of each general meeting of the Company and the procedures to be adopted at the meeting are as determined at, during or
      prior to the meeting by the Chairman.
(2)   The Chairman or a person acting with the Chairman’s authority may require any person who wishes to attend the meeting to comply
      with searches, restrictions or other security arrangements the Chairman or a person acting with the Chairman’s authority considers
      appropriate.
      The Chairman or a person acting with the Chairman’s authority may refuse entry to any person who does not comply with the
      arrangements, any person who possesses a recording or broadcasting device without the consent of the Chairman or a person acting
      with the Chairman’s authority, or any person who possesses an article which the Chairman or person acting with the Chairman’s
      authority considers to be dangerous, offensive or liable to cause disruption. At any time the Chairman considers it necessary or
      desirable for the proper and orderly conduct of the meeting, the Chairman may demand the cessation of debate or discussion on any
      business, question, motion or resolution being considered by the meeting and if the Chairman considers it appropriate require the
      business, question, motion or resolution to be put to a vote of the shareholders present.
(3)   The Chairman may require the adoption of any procedures which are in the Chairman’s opinion necessary or desirable for the proper
      and orderly casting or recording of votes at any general meeting of the Company, whether on a show of hands or on a poll.
(4)   Any determination by the Chairman in relation to matters of procedure (including any procedural motions moved at or put to any
      meeting) is final.
(5)   If it appears to the Chairman that the place of the meeting specified in the notice convening a general meeting is inadequate to
      accommodate all persons entitled and wishing to attend, the meeting is duly constituted and its proceedings are valid if the Chairman is
      satisfied that adequate facilities are available, whether at the place of the meeting or elsewhere, to ensure that each such person who is
      unable to be accommodated at the place of the meeting is able to participate in the business for which the meeting has been convened
      and to hear and see all persons present who speak (and be heard and be seen), whether by use of microphones, loud-speakers, audio-
      visual communications equipment or otherwise (whether in use when this Constitution is adopted or developed subsequently).
(6)   A Director shall be entitled to attend and speak at any general meeting of the Company and at any separate meeting of the holders of
      any class of shares of the Company.


54.   Amendments to Substantive Resolutions
(1)   The business of an annual general meeting is to consider the accounts and reports required by the Act to be laid before each annual
      general meeting, to elect Directors, when relevant to appoint an auditor and fix the auditor’s remuneration, and to transact any other
      business which, under this Constitution, is required to be transacted at any annual general meeting. All other business transacted at an
      annual general meeting and all business transacted at other general meetings is deemed to be special. Except with the approval of the
      Board, with the permission of the Chairman or under the Act, no person may move at any meeting either any resolution or any
      amendment of any resolution of which notice has not been given under Rule 47 or this Rule 54 (as the case may be).

                                                               page 19
    (2)      If an amendment is proposed to any resolution under consideration but is in good faith ruled out of order by the Chairman of the
             meeting, the proceedings on the Substantive Resolution shall not be invalidated by any error in such ruling.
    (3)      In the case of a Substantive Resolution duly proposed as a special resolution, no amendment to that resolution (other than a mere
             clerical amendment to correct a patent error) may in any event be considered or voted upon.
    (4)      Not used.


GENERAL VOTING AND POLL PROCEDURES

    55.      Voting
    (1)      The Chairman may determine that any question to be submitted to a general meeting be determined by a poll without first submitting
             the question to the meeting to be decided by a show of hands.
    (2)      A poll may be demanded by:
              (a)     any shareholder under the Act (and not otherwise); or
              (b)     the Chairman.
              No poll may be demanded on the election of a chairman of a meeting or, unless the Chairman otherwise determines, the adjournment of
              a meeting. A demand for a poll may be withdrawn. A demand so withdrawn shall not be taken to have invalidated the result of a show
              of hands declared before the demand was made.
    (3)      Not used.
    (4)      Unless the Chairman makes the determination referred to in Rule 55(1) or unless a poll is properly demanded or required pursuant to
             Rules 55(2) and (3), each question submitted to a general meeting is to be decided in the first instance by a show of hands. Unless a poll
             is demanded, a declaration by the Chairman that a resolution has been passed or lost is conclusive, without proof of the number or
             proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution.


    56.      Taking a poll
    (1)      If a poll is determined, demanded or otherwise required as provided in Rules 55(1) or (2), it is to be taken in the manner and at the time
             (not being more than thirty days from the date of the meeting) and place as the Chairman directs. Any poll may, as the Chairman shall
             direct, close at different times for different classes of shareholders or for different shareholders of the same class entitled to vote on the
             relevant resolution. The result of the poll is deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded. In the case of
             any dispute as to the admission or rejection of a vote, the Chairman’s determination in respect of the dispute is final.
    (2)      A demand for a poll does not prevent the continuance of a meeting for the transaction of any business other than the question on which
             a poll has been demanded. A poll demanded on a question of adjournment is to be taken at the meeting and without adjournment.
    (3)      The result of a poll may be announced in the manner the Chairman determines and at the time (whether during the relevant meeting or
             afterwards) as the Chairman considers appropriate.


    57.      Special meetings
     All the provisions of this Constitution as to general meetings apply, with any necessary modifications, to any special meeting of any class of
     shareholders which may be held under the operation of this Constitution or the Act.

                                                                       page 20
    58.      Not used
    59.      Not used
    60.      Not used


VOTES OF SHAREHOLDERS

    61.      Votes attaching to shares
    Subject to restrictions on voting affecting any class of shares and to Rules 3, 4, 7, 16(f), 31 and 72:
    (a)      on a show of hands:
             (i)     subject to paragraph (iii), each shareholder present in person or by proxy, representative or attorney has one vote;
             (ii)    Not used
             (iii)   where a person is entitled to vote in more than one capacity, that person is entitled only to one vote; and
    (b)      subject to Rule 61(c), on a poll:
             (i)     each holder of Ordinary Shares:
                     (A)        has one vote for each fully paid Ordinary Share held; and
                     (B)        for each other Ordinary Share held, has a vote in respect of the share which carries the same proportionate value as the
                                proportion of the amount paid up or agreed to be considered as paid up on the total issue price of that share at the time
                                the poll is taken bears to the total issue price of the share; and
    (c)      on a poll, votes may be given either personally or by proxy (unless, consistently with the Act, the Board has approved other means
             (including electronic) for the casting and recording of votes by shareholders) and a person entitled to more than one vote need not use
             all that person’s votes or cast all the votes in the same way.


    62.      Not used
    63.      Not used
    64.      Not used
    65.      Not used
    66.      Voting by guardian
    Where a guardian, receiver or other person (by whatever name called) has been appointed by any court claiming jurisdiction in that behalf to
    exercise powers with respect to the property or affairs of any member on the ground (however formulated) of mental disorder, the Directors may
    in their absolute discretion, upon or subject to production of such evidence of the appointment as the Directors may require, permit such
    guardian, receiver or other person on behalf of such member to vote in person or by proxy at any shareholders’ meeting or to exercise any other
    right conferred by membership in relation to shareholders’ meetings.

                                                                        page 21
     67.   Validity and result of vote
     (1)   No objection shall be raised as to the admissibility of any vote except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to
           is or may be given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at such meeting shall be valid for all purposes. Any such objection shall be
           referred to the chairman of the meeting whose decision shall be final and conclusive.
     (2)   Unless a poll is taken, a declaration by the chairman of the meeting that a resolution has been carried, or carried unanimously, or by a
           particular majority, or lost, and an entry to that effect in the minute book, shall be conclusive evidence of that fact without proof of the
           number or proportion of the votes recorded for or against such resolution.


PROXIES

     68.   Proxies
     (1)   A shareholder who is entitled to attend and cast a vote at a general meeting of the Company may appoint a person as a proxy to attend
           and vote for the shareholder in accordance with the Act but not otherwise. A proxy appointed to attend and vote in accordance with the
           Act may exercise the rights of the shareholder on the basis and subject to the restrictions provided in the Act but not otherwise.
     (2)   A form of appointment of a proxy is valid if it is in accordance with the Act or in any form (including electronic) which the Board may
           prescribe or accept.
     (3)   An instrument appointing a proxy shall, unless the contrary is stated thereon, be valid as well for any adjournment of the meeting as for
           the meeting to which it relates. An instrument of proxy relating to more than one meeting (including any adjournment thereof) having
           once been so delivered for the purposes of any meeting shall not require again to be delivered for the purposes of any subsequent
           meeting to which it relates.
     (4)   Where the Company receives an appointment of proxy within the time specified in the notice of meeting for receipt of proxies and the
           Company considers that the instrument has not been duly executed, the Company may in its discretion:
           (a)     return the instrument appointing the proxy to the appointing shareholder; and
           (b)     request that the shareholder duly execute the appointment and return it to the Company before a nominated time (which may be
                   later than the cut-off time specified in the notice of meeting for receipt of proxies).
           The appointment of proxy will be valid if the duly executed instrument is returned to the Company before the time determined under
           Rule 68(4)(b).
     (5)   Where the Company receives an appointment of proxy that is unclear or incomplete (other than in the circumstances contemplated in
           Rule 68(4)):
           (a)     the Company may clarify with a shareholder by written or verbal communication any instruction on the appointment of the
                   proxy and may, at its discretion, amend or complete the contents of the appointment of the proxy to reflect any clarification in
                   instruction;
           (b)     the shareholder is taken to have appointed the Company as its attorney for the purpose of making any insertion or amendment in
                   accordance with this Rule 68(5); and
           (c)     the appointment of proxy will be valid if received by the Company within the time specified for receipt of proxies in the notice
                   of meeting, notwithstanding that it was completed or amended under this Rule 68(5) after that time.

                                                                     page 22
(6)     Voting instructions given by a shareholder to a Director or employee of the Company who is held out by the Company in material sent
        to shareholders as willing to act as proxy and who is appointed as proxy (Company Proxy) are valid only if contained in the form of
        appointment of the Company Proxy. If a shareholder wishes to give a Company Proxy appointed by the shareholder new instructions or
        variations to earlier instruction, the new instructions or variations are only valid if received at the Office at least 24 hours before the
        meeting or adjourned meeting by a notice in writing signed by the shareholder or validated by the shareholder in a form acceptable to
        the Board.


69.     Validity, revocation
(1)     The validity of any resolution is not affected by the failure of any proxy, attorney or corporate representative to vote in accordance with
        instructions (if any) of the appointing shareholder and the Company shall be under no obligation to check any vote so given is in
        accordance with any such instructions.
(2)     A vote given in accordance with the terms of a proxy or power of attorney is valid despite the previous death or mental incapacity of the
        appointing shareholder, revocation of the proxy or power of attorney or transfer of the shares in respect of which the vote is given,
        unless notice in writing of the death, mental incapacity, revocation or transfer has been received at the Office at least 48 hours before the
        relevant meeting or adjourned meeting.
(3)     A proxy is not rendered ineffective by reason only of the adjournment of the meeting in respect of which the proxy is appointed.
(4)     A proxy is not revoked by the appointing shareholder attending and taking part in the meeting, unless the appointing shareholder votes
        at the meeting on the resolution for which the proxy is proposed to be used.


70.     Not used
71.     Board to issue forms of proxy
The Board must issue with any notice of general meeting of shareholders or any class of shareholders forms of proxy for use by the shareholders.
Each form may include the names of any of the Directors or of any other persons as suggested proxies. The forms must be worded so that a
proxy may be directed to vote either for or against each or any of the resolutions to be proposed.


72.     Attorneys of shareholders
By properly executed power of attorney, any shareholder may appoint an attorney to act on the shareholder’s behalf at all or certain specified
meetings of the Company and such attorney shall be recognised as a person present at that meeting. Before the attorney is entitled to act under
the power of attorney, the power of attorney or proof of the power of attorney to the satisfaction of the Board must be produced for inspection at
the Office or any other place the Board may determine together, in each case, with evidence of the due execution of the power of attorney as
required by the Board. The attorney may be authorised to appoint a proxy for the shareholder granting the power of attorney.

                                                                 page 23
    73.      Not used


DIRECTORS

    74.      Number of Directors
    Unless and until otherwise decided by ordinary resolution, the number of Directors (not including alternate Directors) shall be not less than eight
    and not more than twenty. All Directors are required to be natural persons.


    75.      Not used
    76.      Remuneration of non-executive Directors
    As remuneration for services each non-executive Director (other than an alternate Director) is to be paid out of the funds of the Company a sum
    determined by the Board payable at the time and in the manner determined by the Board but the aggregate remuneration paid to all the
    non-executive Directors in any year may not exceed an amount fixed by the Company in general meeting. The expression remuneration in this
    Rule does not include any amount which may be paid by the Company under Rules 77, 78, 79, or 146.


    77.      Remuneration of Directors for extra services
    Any Director who serves on any committee, or who devotes special attention to the business of the Company, or who otherwise performs
    services which in the opinion of the Board are outside the scope of the ordinary duties of a Director or who, at the request of the Board, engages
    in any journey on the business of the Company, may be paid extra remuneration as determined by the Board.


    78.      Travelling and other expenses
    Every Director is, in addition to any other remuneration provided for in this Constitution, entitled to be paid from Company funds all reasonable
    travel, accommodation and other expenses incurred by the Director in attending meetings of the Company or of the Board or of any Committees
    or while engaged on the business of the Company.


    79.      Retirement benefits
    The Directors shall have power to pay and agree to pay gratuities, pensions or other retirement, superannuation, death or disability benefits to (or
    to any person in respect of) any person who is or has been at any time a Director of the Company or in the employment or service of the
    Company or of any company which is or was a subsidiary of or associated with the Company, provided that such payment or agreement is made
    in accordance with the Act. For the purpose of providing such gratuities, pensions or other benefits, the Company may contribute to any scheme
    or fund or pay such premiums as the Directors think fit.


    80.      Appointment and remuneration of executive Directors
    (1)      The Directors or any committee authorised by the Board may from time to time appoint any Director to be the holder of any executive
             office on such terms and for such period as they may determine and, without prejudice to any claim for damages for breach of any
             contract entered into in any particular case, may at any time revoke or vary the terms of any such appointment.
    (2)      Subject to the Act and the ASX Listing Rules, a Director appointed to hold employment or executive office with the Company shall be
             appointed on such terms as to remuneration (whether by salary, commission or participation in profits or otherwise) as may be
             determined by the Board or any committee authorised by the Board.

                                                                      page 24
     81.     Powers of Directors
     The Board may entrust to and confer upon any Director any of the powers exercisable under this Constitution by the Board as it thinks fit and
     upon such terms and conditions and with such restrictions as it thinks appropriate but the conferring of powers by the Board on a Director does
     not exclude the exercise of those powers by the Board, and the Board may from time to time revoke, withdraw, alter or vary all or any of such
     powers.


APPOINTMENT AND RETIREMENT OF DIRECTORS

     82.     Not used
     83.     Term of appointment
     (1)     At every annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors or, if their number is not a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but
             not less than one-third must retire from office.
     (2)     A Director who is required to retire under Rule 83(1) retains office until the end of the meeting at which the Director retires.
     (3)     Subject to Rule 88, the Directors to retire under Rule 83(1) are those longest in office since last being elected. As between Directors
             who were elected on the same day the Directors to retire are (in default of agreement between them) determined by lot. The length of
             time a Director has been in office is calculated from the Director’s last election or appointment. A retiring Director is eligible for
             re-election.
     (4)     Not used.
     (5)     Without prejudice to the foregoing, a Director must retire from office at the conclusion of the third annual general meeting after which
             the Director was elected or re-elected.


     84.     Not used
     85.     Re-election of retiring Director
     (1)     At the meeting at which a Director retires under any provision of this Constitution, the Company may by ordinary resolution fill the
             office being vacated by electing to that office the retiring Director or some other person eligible for election.
     (2)     Notwithstanding Rule 83(2), if a retiring Director is re-elected in accordance with Rule 85(1) the retiring Director will continue in office
             without a break.
     (3)     If:
              (a)    prior to the commencement of any general meeting the office of a Director has become vacant;
              (b)    that office remains vacant at the commencement of that general meeting; and
              (c)    that Director would have been taken into account in determining the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation under
                     Rule 83(1),
              then the Company may by ordinary resolution fill that office by electing as a Director any person eligible for election.

                                                                      page 25
86.     Not used
87.     Nomination of Directors
(1)     No person (other than a retiring Director) is eligible for election to the office of Director at any general meeting unless:
        (a)     a shareholder intending to nominate the person has given notice in writing signed by the shareholder; and
        (b)     the person nominated has given notice in writing signed by the person of his willingness to be elected as a Director of the
                Company and satisfies candidature for the office.
(2)     To be valid, the notice required under Rule 87(1) is to be delivered to the Office not less than 40 business days before the date appointed
        for the meeting unless the nominee has been recommended by the Board for election, in which case the notice is required to be
        delivered to the Office at least 28 days before the meeting.


88.     Election or appointment of additional Directors
The Company may by ordinary resolution elect, and without prejudice thereto the Board shall have the power at any time to appoint, any person
as a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board but so that the number of Directors does not exceed the maximum
number determined under Rule 74. Any Director appointed under this Rule:
        (a)     holds office only until the dissolution or adjournment of the next general meeting at which the Board proposes or this
                Constitution requires that an election be held;
        (b)     is eligible for election at that general meeting; and
        (c)     where the general meeting is an annual general meeting, is not to be taken into account in determining the number of Directors
                who are to retire by rotation at the meeting.


89.     Vacation of office
(1)     The office of a Director is vacated:
        (a)     Not used;
        (b)     on the Director being absent from greater than two consecutive meetings of the Board without leave of absence from the Board;
        (c)     on the Director resigning office by notice in writing to the Company;
        (d)     Not used;
        (e)     Not used
        (f)     on the Director being prohibited from being a Director by reason of the operation of Applicable Regulation;
        (g)     if the Director has been appointed for a fixed term – when the term expires;
        (h)     if, in Australia or elsewhere, an order is made by any court on the ground (however formulated) of mental disorder for the
                Director’s detention or for the appointment of a guardian of the Director or for the appointment of a receiver or other person (by
                whatever name called) to exercise powers with respect to the Director’s property or affairs ; or
        (i)     on the Director being removed from office under the Act.

                                                                   page 26
     (2)     The office of a Director who is an employee of any member of the Group is terminated on the Director ceasing to be employed within
             the Group but the person concerned is eligible for reappointment or re-election as a Director of the Company.


     90.     Removal of Directors
     (1)     The Company may, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Act, by ordinary resolution remove any Director from office.
             The Company may do so notwithstanding any provision of this Constitution or of any agreement between the Company and such
             Director, but without prejudice to any claim he may have for damages for breach of any such agreement.
     (2)     The Company may by ordinary resolution elect another person in place of a Director removed from office under Rule 90(1). Any person
             so elected shall be treated for the purpose of determining the time at which he or any other Director is to retire by rotation as if he had
             become a Director on the day on which the Director in whose place he is elected was last elected a Director. In default of such election
             the vacancy arising upon the removal of a Director from office may be filled as a casual vacancy.


PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS

     91.     Procedures relating to Directors’ meetings
     (1)     The Board may meet together, adjourn and otherwise regulate its meetings as it thinks fit.
     (2)     The Board may at any time and the Secretary, on the request of the Chairman or any two Directors, must convene a meeting of the
             Board. Notice of meeting of the Board may be given by mail (electronic or otherwise), personal delivery or facsimile transmission to
             the usual place of business or residence of the Director or to any other address given to the Secretary by the Director or by any
             technology agreed by all the Directors.


     92.     Quorum
     The quorum necessary for the transaction of business of the Directors shall be three unless otherwise determined by the Board. A meeting of the
     Directors at which a quorum is present shall be competent to exercise all powers and discretions for the time being exercisable by the Directors.


     93.     Chairman
     The Board may elect a Chairman and one or more Deputy Chairman of its meetings and determine the period for which each is to hold office. If
     no Chairman or Deputy Chairman is elected or if at any meeting the Chairman and the Deputy Chairmen are not present at the time specified for
     holding the meeting, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be Chairman of the meeting.


     94.     Votes at meetings
     Questions arising at any meeting of the Board are decided by a majority of votes and, in the case of an equality of votes, the Chairman (except
     when only two Directors are present or except when only two Directors are competent to vote on the question then at issue) has a second or
     casting vote.


     95.     Number of Directors below minimum
     If the number of Directors is reduced below the minimum number fixed under this Constitution, the continuing Directors may act for the purpose
     of increasing the number of Directors to that number or of calling a general meeting of the Company but for no other purpose.

                                                                      page 27
     96.      Resolutions in writing / Meetings by technology
     (1)      A resolution in writing signed by all the Directors or a resolution in writing of which notice has been given to all Directors and which is
              signed by a majority of the Directors entitled to vote on the resolution (not being less than the number required for a quorum at a
              meeting of the Board) is a valid resolution of the Board. The resolution may consist of several documents in the same form each signed
              by one or more of the Directors. A facsimile transmission or other document produced by mechanical or electronic means under the
              name of a Director with the Director’s authority is considered to be a document in writing signed by the Director.
     (2)      The Board may meet either in person or by telephone, audio visual link or by using any other technology:
              (a)     which allows each Director who participates:
                      (i)      to hear each of the other participating Directors addressing the meeting; and
                      (ii)     if he so wishes, to address all of the other participating Directors simultaneously; and
              (b)     which has been consented to by all Directors.
              A consent may be a standing one. A meeting conducted by telephone or other means of communication is deemed to be held at the
              place from where the Chairman of the meeting participates.


     97.      Validity of actions
     All actions at any meeting of the Board or by a Committee or by any person acting as a Director are, despite the fact that it is afterwards
     discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any of the Directors or the Committee or the person acting as a Director or that any
     of them were disqualified, as valid as if every person had been properly appointed and was qualified and continued to be a Director or a member
     of the Committee.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS

     98.      Directors may have interests
     Subject to the provisions of the Act, and provided that he has disclosed to the Directors the nature and extent of any interest of his, a Director
     notwithstanding his office:
     (a)      may be a party to, or otherwise interested in, any contract, transaction or arrangement with the Company or in which the Company is
              otherwise interested;
     (b)      may be a director or other officer of, or employed by, or a party to any contract, transaction or arrangement with, or otherwise interested
              in, any body corporate promoted by the Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested;
     (c)      may (or any firm of which he is a partner, employee or member may) act in a professional capacity for the Company (other than as
              Auditor) and be remunerated therefor; and
     (d)      shall not, save as otherwise agreed by him, be accountable to the Company for any benefit which he derives from any such contract,
              transaction or arrangement or from any such office or employment or from any interest in any such body corporate or for such
              remuneration and no such contract, transaction or arrangement shall be liable to be avoided on the grounds of any such interest or
              benefit.

                                                                        page 28
99.   Restrictions on voting
(1)   Except as set out below, a Director shall not vote in respect of any contract or arrangement or any other proposal whatsoever in which
      the Director has a material personal interest. A Director shall not be counted in the quorum in relation to any resolution on which he is
      not entitled to vote.
(2)   Subject to the provisions of the Act, a Director shall (in the absence of some other material personal interest than is indicated below) be
      entitled to vote (and be counted in the quorum) in respect of any resolution concerning any of the following matters, namely, where the
      material personal interest:
      (a)    arises because the Director is a shareholder of the Company and is held in common with the other shareholders of the Company;
             or
      (b)    arises in relation to the Director’s remuneration as a Director of the Company; or
      (c)    relates to a contract the Company is proposing to enter into that is subject to approval by the shareholders and will not impose
             any obligation on the Company if it is not approved by the shareholders; or
      (d)    arises merely because the Director is a guarantor or has given an indemnity or security for all or part of a loan (or proposed loan)
             to the Company; or
      (e)    arises merely because the Director has a right of subrogation in relation to a guarantee or indemnity referred to in subparagraph
             (d); or
      (f)    relates to a contract that insures, or would insure, the Director against liabilities the Director incurs as an officer of the Company
             (but only if the contract does not make the Company or a related body corporate the insurer); or
      (g)    relates to:
              (i)      any payment by the Company or a related body corporate in respect of an indemnity permitted by law; or
              (ii)     any contract relating to or containing an indemnity permitted by law; or
      (h)    is in a contract, or proposed contract, with, or for the benefit of, or on behalf of, a related body corporate and arises merely
             because the Director is a director of the related body corporate.
(3)   Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment (including fixing or varying the terms of appointment) of two or
      more Directors to offices or employments with the Company or any body corporate in which the Company is interested, the proposals
      may be divided and considered in relation to each Director separately and in such case each of the Directors concerned (if not debarred
      from voting under this Rule) shall be entitled to vote (and be counted in the quorum) in respect of each resolution except that
      concerning his own appointment.
(4)   If a question arises at any time as to the materiality of a Director’s interest or as to his entitlement to vote and such question is not
      resolved by his voluntarily agreeing to abstain from voting, such question shall be referred to the Chairman of the meeting and his
      ruling in relation to any Director other than himself shall be final and conclusive except in a case where the nature or extent of the
      interest of such Director has not been fairly disclosed. If any question shall arise in respect of the Chairman of the meeting and is not
      resolved by his voluntarily agreeing to abstain from voting, the question shall be decided by a resolution of the Directors (for which
      purpose the Chairman shall be counted in the quorum but shall not vote on the matter) and the resolution shall be final and conclusive
      except in a case where the nature or extent of the interest of the Chairman, so far as known to him, has not been fairly disclosed.
(5)   Despite having an interest in any contract or arrangement a Director may participate in the execution of any document evidencing or
      connected with the contract or arrangement, whether by signing, sealing or otherwise.

                                                               page 29
    (6)      A Director or any person who is an associate of a Director under the ASX Listing Rules may participate in any issue by the Company of
             securities unless the Director is precluded from participating by Applicable Regulation.


    100.     Directors’ interests - general
    (1)      For the purposes of the two preceding Rules:
             (a)    a general notice given to the Directors that a Director is to be regarded as having an interest of the nature and extent specified in
                    the notice in any contract, transaction or arrangement in which a specified person or class of persons is interested shall be
                    deemed to be a disclosure that the Director has an interest in any such contract, transaction or arrangement of the nature and
                    extent so specified;
             (b)    an interest (whether of his or of such a connected person) of which a Director has no knowledge and of which it is unreasonable
                    to expect him to have knowledge shall not be treated as an interest of his;
             (c)    in the case of an alternate director, an interest of his appointor shall be treated as an interest of the alternate in addition to any
                    interest which the alternate otherwise has; and
             (d)    references to a contract include reference to any proposed contract and to any transaction or arrangement whether or not
                    constituting a contract.
    (2)      The Board may exercise the voting power conferred by the shares in any corporation held or owned by the Company as the Board
             thinks fit (including the exercise of the voting power in favour of any resolution appointing the Directors or any of them directors of
             that corporation or voting or providing for the payment of remuneration to the directors of that corporation) and a Director of the
             Company may vote in favour of the exercise of those voting rights despite the fact that the Director is, or may be about to be appointed,
             a director of that other corporation and may be interested in the exercise of those voting rights.
    (3)      Any Director may lend money to the Company at interest with or without security or may, for a commission or profit, guarantee the
             repayment of any money borrowed by the Company and underwrite or guarantee the subscription of shares or securities of the
             Company or of any corporation in which the Company may be interested without being disqualified in respect of the office of Director
             and without being liable to account to the Company for the commission or profit.


COMMITTEES

    101.     Committees
    The Board may delegate any of its powers or discretions (including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing all powers and
    discretions whose exercise involves or may involve the payment of remuneration to or the conferring of any other benefit on all or any of the
    Directors) to Committees consisting of Directors or any other person or persons as the Board thinks fit. In the exercise of the powers or
    discretions delegated, any Committee formed or person or persons appointed to the Committee must conform to any regulations that may be
    imposed by the Board. A Committee or other delegate of the Board may be authorised to sub-delegate any of the powers or discretions for the
    time being vested in it.


    102.     Proceedings of Committee meetings
    The meetings and proceedings of any Committee are to be governed by the provisions of this Constitution for regulating the meetings and
    proceedings of the Board so far as they are applicable and are not inconsistent with any regulations made by the Board under Rule 101.

                                                                       page 30
POWERS OF THE BOARD

    103.     General powers of the Board
     The management and control of the business and affairs of the Company are vested in the Board, which (in addition to the powers and
     authorities conferred on them by this Constitution) may exercise all powers of the Company except any powers which, by this Constitution or by
     law, are required to be exercised or done by the Company in general meeting.


    104.     Not used
    105.     Not used
    106.     Appointment of attorney
     The Directors may from time to time and at any time by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm or person or any fluctuating
     body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or attorneys of the Company for such purposes and
     with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under this Constitution) and for such
     period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and
     convenience of persons dealing with any such attorney as the Directors may think fit, and may also authorise any such attorney to sub-delegate
     all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.


    107.     Not used
    108.     Not used
    109.     Not used
    110.     Borrowing powers
     Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money, and to mortgage or charge its
     undertaking, property, assets (both present and future) and uncalled capital or any part or parts thereof and to issue debentures and other
     securities, whether outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party.


    111.     Not used
    112.     Not used
    113.     Not used


AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS

    114.     Authentication of Documents
     Any Director, Secretary, Assistant Secretary or Deputy Secretary or any person appointed by the Directors for the purpose shall have power to
     authenticate:
    (a)      any document affecting the constitution of the Company;

                                                                      page 31
    (b)      any resolution passed at a shareholders’ meeting or at a meeting of the Directors or of any committee;
    (c)      any book, record, document or account relating to the business of the Company,
     and to certify copies thereof or extracts therefrom as true copies or extracts; and where any book, record, document or account is elsewhere than
     at the Office the local manager or other officer of the Company having the custody thereof shall be deemed to be a person appointed by the
     Directors as aforesaid. A document purporting to be a copy of any such resolution, or an extract from the minutes of any such meeting, which is
     certified as aforesaid shall be conclusive evidence in favour of all persons dealing with the Company upon the faith thereof that such resolution
     has been duly passed or, as the case may be, that any minute so extracted is a true and accurate record of proceedings at a duly constituted
     meeting.


    115.     Not used
    116.     Not used


DIVIDENDS

    117.     Not used
    118.     Power of Board to pay dividends
    (1)      The Board may determine that a dividend (including an interim dividend on account of the next forthcoming dividend) is payable and
             fix the amount, time for payment and method of payment. Where permitted by the Statutes, the methods of payment may include the
             payment of cash, the issue of shares, the grant of options and the transfer of assets.
    (2)      Without limiting Rule 8, where the terms of any new issue of shares provide for the new shares to have different dividend rights to other
             shares then in issue, the new shares have those different dividend rights.
    (3)      Provided the Directors act in good faith they shall not incur any liability to the holders of any shares for any loss they may suffer by the
             lawful payment, on any other class of shares having rights ranking after or pari passu with those shares, of any such fixed or interim
             dividend as aforesaid.


    119.     Distribution otherwise than in cash
    (1)      When determining to pay a dividend under Rule 118 or to undertake a reduction of capital, the Board may determine that payment of
             the dividend or the reduction of capital be effected wholly or in part by the distribution of specific assets or documents of title and in
             particular of paid up shares, debentures, debenture stock or grant of options or other securities of the Company or any other corporation
             or entity (whether owned or controlled by the Company or not).
    (2)      The Board may appoint any officer of the Company to sign on behalf of each shareholder entitled to participate in the dividend or
             reduction of capital any document in the Board’s opinion desirable or necessary:
              (a)    to vest in the shareholder title to assets; and
              (b)    in the case of a distribution of shares in any corporation, to constitute the shareholder’s agreement to become a member of the
                     corporation,
              and, in executing the document, the officer acts as agent and attorney for the shareholder.
    (3)      Where, in the opinion of the Board, any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution or any aspect of the distribution is considered
             impracticable, the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional certificates, may fix the
             value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof, may determine that cash shall be paid to any member upon the footing
             of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of members and may vest any assets in trustees.

                                                                       page 32
120.   Not used
121.   Ranking of shares for dividends
(1)    Any dividend or interim dividend is (subject to the rights of, or any restrictions on, the holders of shares created or raised under any
       special arrangement as to dividend) payable on each share on the basis of the proportion which the amount paid (or agreed to be
       considered to be paid) bears to the total issue price of the share. The dividend may be fixed at a rate per annum in respect of a specified
       period but no amount paid on a share in advance of calls is to be treated as paid on the share.
(2)    The rights attached to the shares of the Company, as regards the participation in the profits available for distribution and resolved to be
       distributed, are as follows:
       (a)     the holders of the preference shares shall be entitled, in priority to any payment of dividend to the holders of any other class of
               shares, to a preferred right to participate as regards dividends up to but not beyond a specified amount in distribution; and
       (b)     any surplus remaining after payment of the distributions under Rule 121(a) or (b) shall be payable to the holders of the Ordinary
               Shares in equal amounts per share.
(3)    For the purpose of Rule 121:
       (a)     “cash dividend” means any dividend (including any amount of the dividend in respect of which a holder of an Ordinary Share
               elects to participate in any dividend plan or offer, such as a dividend reinvestment plan or scrip dividend plan) other than a
               dividend effected wholly or in part by the distribution of specific assets or documents of title;
       (b)     “ordinary cash dividend” means any cash dividend paid on Ordinary Shares which is designated as an interim or final dividend;
               and
       (c)     “special cash dividend” means any cash dividend which is not an ordinary cash dividend.


122.   Manner of payment of dividends
(1)    Payment of any dividend may be made in any manner, by any means and in any currency determined by the Board.
(2)    Without limitation of Rule 122(1), Directors may also determine the foreign currency equivalent of any sums payable as a dividend by
       reference to such market rate or rates or the mean of such market rates prevailing at such time or times or on such date or dates, in each
       case falling on or before the record date for the dividend, as the Directors may in their discretion select.
(3)    Without affecting any other method of payment which the Board may adopt, payment of any dividend may be made to the shareholder
       entitled to the dividend or, in the case of joint holders, to the shareholder whose name appears first in the Register in respect of the joint
       holding.

                                                                 page 33
     123.    Not used
     124.    Not used
     125.    No interest on dividends
     No dividend or other moneys payable on or in respect of a share shall bear interest as against the Company.


     126.    Retention of dividends
     (1)     The Directors may retain any dividend or other moneys payable on or in respect of a share on which the Company has a lien and may
             apply the same in or towards satisfaction of the moneys payable to the Company in respect of that share.
     (2)     The Directors may retain the dividends payable upon shares to which any person is entitled under Rule 41 or 42 until that person
             becomes a member in respect of those shares or transfers those shares.


     127.    Unclaimed dividend
     All unclaimed dividends may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Board for the benefit of the Company until claimed or otherwise
     disposed of according to law.


     128.    Waiver of dividend
     The waiver in whole or in part of any dividend on any share by any document (whether or not executed as a deed) shall be effective only if such
     document is signed by the shareholder (or the person entitled to the share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder or otherwise
     by operation of law) and delivered to the Company and if or to the extent that the same is accepted as such or acted upon by the Company.


CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS AND RESERVES

     129.    Capitalisation of profits and reserves
     (1)     The Board may capitalise any sum forming part of the undivided profits, any reserve or other account of the Company and which is
             available for distribution.
     (2)     Such capitalisation shall be effected by:
              (a)    appropriating such sum to shareholders on the Register at the close of business on the date of the resolution (or such other date
                     as may be specified therein or determined as therein provided) in the same proportions in those holders would be entitled to
                     receive such sum if distributed by way of dividend or in accordance with either the terms of issue of any shares or the terms of
                     any employee share plan; and
              (b)    applying such sum, in the proportions specified above, on behalf of those holders either in paying up the amounts for the time
                     being unpaid on any issued shares held by them, or in paying up in full new shares or other securities of the Company to be
                     issued to them accordingly, or partly in one way and partly in the other.
     (3)     The Board may specify the manner in which any fractional entitlements and any difficulties relating to distribution are to be dealt with
             and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, may specify that fractions are to be disregarded or that any fractional entitlements
             are to be increased to the next whole number or that payments in cash instead of fractional entitlements be made.

                                                                      page 34
     (4)     The Board may make all necessary appropriations and applications of the amount to be capitalised under Rule 129(1) and all necessary
             issues of fully paid shares or debentures.
     (5)     Where required, the Board may appoint a person to sign a contract on behalf of the shareholders entitled on a capitalisation to any
             shares or debentures, which provides for the issue to them, credited as fully paid, of any further shares or debentures or for the payment
             by the Company on their behalf of the amounts or any part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing shares by the application
             of their respective proportions of the sum resolved to be capitalised.


DIVIDEND PLANS

     130.    Dividend Plans
     The Board may establish, maintain, suspend, reinstate and amend one or more Dividend Plans (including the establishment of rules) including
     without limitation any Dividend Plan under which shareholders may elect with respect to some or all of their shares (subject to the rules of the
     relevant plan):
     (a)     to reinvest in whole or in part dividends paid or payable or which may become payable by the Company to the shareholder in cash by
             subscribing for shares in the capital of the Company;
     (b)     to be issued with shares instead of being paid a dividend;
     (c)     that dividends from the Company not be declared or paid and that instead a payment or distribution other than a dividend (including
             without limitation an issue of bonus shares, with no amount credited to the share capital account in connection with the issue of those
             shares) be made by the Company; and
     (d)     that cash dividends from the Company not be paid and that instead a cash dividend or payment or other distribution (including without
             limitation an issue or transfer of securities) be received from the Company, or a Related Corporation of the Company, or any other
             entity determined by the Board.


ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS

     131.    Accounts and records
     (1)     Accounting records sufficient to show and explain the Company’s transactions and otherwise complying with the Statutes shall be kept
             at the Office, or at such other place as the Directors think fit, and shall always be open to inspection by the Directors and other officers
             of the Company.
     (2)     Without limitation to paragraph (1) of this Rule, where the Board considers it appropriate, the Company may:
              (a)    give a Director or former Director access to certain papers, including documents provided or available to the Board and other
                     papers referred to in those documents; and
              (b)    bind itself in any contract with a Director or former Director to give the access.
     (3)     Subject to paragraphs (1) and (2) of this Rule, no member of the Company or other person shall have any right of inspecting any
             account or book or document of the Company except as conferred by statute or ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or
             authorised by the Directors.

                                                                       page 35
    132.      Not used
    133.      Not used
    134.      Not used


NOTICES

    135.      Service of notices
    (1)       A notice may be given by the Company to any shareholder, or in the case of joint holders to the shareholder whose name appears first in
              the Register, personally, by leaving it at the shareholder’s registered address, by sending it by prepaid post or facsimile transmission to
              the shareholder’s registered address, by other electronic means determined by the Board and previously notified to shareholders, or by
              any other means authorised in writing by the shareholder or by Applicable Regulation.
    (2)       For the purposes of determining the time at which a notice is served:
              (a)     Any notice sent by post is taken to have been served at 10.00am on the day after the date on which it is posted. A certificate
                      signed by a Secretary or officer of the Company to the effect that a notice was duly posted is conclusive evidence of that fact;
              (b)     Any notice served on a shareholder personally or left at the shareholder’s registered address is taken to have been served when
                      delivered;
              (c)     Any notice served on a shareholder by facsimile or other electronic transmission is taken to have been served when the
                      transmission is sent; and
              (d)     Where the Company gives notice to a shareholder by making the notice accessible electronically, the notice is taken as given at
                      10.00am on the day after the date on which the shareholder is informed that the notice is available.
    (3)       The accidental failure to send, or the non-receipt by any person entitled to, any notice of or other document relating to any meeting or
              other proceeding shall not invalidate the relevant meeting or other proceeding.
    (4)       Where a shareholder does not have a registered address or where the Company has reason to believe that a shareholder is not known at
              the shareholder’s registered address, all future notices are taken to be given to the shareholder if the notice is exhibited in the Office for
              a period of 48 hours (and is taken to be served at the commencement of that period) unless and until the shareholder informs the
              Company of a registered place of address.


    136.      Notice to transferor binds transferee
     Every person who, by operation of law, transfer or any other means becomes entitled to be registered as the holder of any shares is bound by
     every notice which, prior to the person’s name and address being entered in the Register in respect of those shares, was properly given to the
     person from whom the person derives title to those shares.


    137.      Deceased and bankrupt members
     A notice served in accordance with this Constitution is (despite the fact that the shareholder is then dead, bankrupt or in liquidation and whether
     or not the Company has notice of the shareholder’s death, bankruptcy or liquidation) taken to have been properly served in respect of any
     registered shares, whether held solely or jointly with other persons by the shareholder, until another person is registered in the shareholder’s
     place as the holder or joint holder. The service is sufficient service of the notice or document on the shareholder’s personal representative, trustee
     in bankruptcy or liquidator and any person jointly interested with the shareholder in the shares.

                                                                        page 36
     138.   Not used
     139.   Not used
     140.   Not used


WINDING UP OF THE COMPANY

     141.   Not used
     142.   Not used
     143.   Not used
     144.   Rights on winding-up
     (1)    Subject to Rule144(4), if the Company is wound up, whether voluntarily or otherwise, the liquidator may divide among all or any of the
            contributories as the liquidator thinks fit in specie or kind any part of the assets of the Company, and may vest any part of the assets of
            the Company in trustees on any trusts for the benefit of all or any of the contributories as the liquidator thinks fit.
     (2)    If thought expedient, any division may be otherwise than in accordance with the legal rights of the contributories and, in particular, any
            class may be given preferential or special rights or may be excluded altogether or in part, but in case any division otherwise than in
            accordance with the legal rights of the contributories is determined, any contributory who would be prejudiced by the division has a
            right to dissent and ancillary rights as if the determination were a special resolution passed under the Act relating to the sale or transfer
            of the Company’s assets by a liquidator in a voluntary winding up.
     (3)    If any shares to be divided in accordance with Rule 144(1) involve a liability to calls or otherwise, any person entitled under the
            division to any of the shares may by notice in writing within ten business days after the passing of the special resolution, direct the
            liquidator to sell the person’s proportion and pay the person the net proceeds and the liquidator is required, if practicable, to act
            accordingly.
     (4)    On a return of assets on liquidation, the assets of the Company remaining available for distribution among members, after giving effect
            to the payment of all prior ranking amounts owed to the creditors of the Company and prior ranking statutory entitlements and after
            giving effect to preferential rights attached to any preference shares issued by the Company and to the rights of other shares having a
            preferred right to participate as regards capital up to but not beyond a specified amount in a distribution and to any provision of the Act
            shall, pari passu with any amount paid to the holders of Ordinary Shares, and any surplus remaining shall be applied in making
            payments solely to the holders of Ordinary Shares in accordance with their entitlements.

                                                                      page 37
DESTRUCTION OF DOCUMENTS

    145.   Not used


INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

    146.   Indemnity and insurance
    (1)    To the relevant extent:
           (a)     the Company is to indemnify each officer of the Company out of the assets of the Company against any liability incurred by the
                   officer in or arising out of the conduct of the business of the Company or in or arising out of the discharge of the duties of the
                   officer;
           (b)     where the Board considers it appropriate, the Company may execute a documentary indemnity in any form in favour of any
                   officer of the Company; and
           (c)     where the Board considers it appropriate, the Company may:
                   (i)      make payments of amounts by way of premium in respect of any contract effecting insurance on behalf or in respect of
                            an officer of the Company against any liability incurred by the officer in or arising out of the conduct of the business of
                            the Company or in or arising out of the discharge of the duties of the officer; and
                   (ii)     bind itself in any contract or deed with any officer of the Company to make the payments.
    (2)    In this Rule:
           (a)     officer means a director, secretary or executive officer of the Company or a person who formerly held one of those positions.
           (b)     duties of the officer includes, in any particular case where the Board considers it appropriate, duties arising by reason of the
                   appointment, nomination or secondment in any capacity of an officer by the Company or, where applicable, a subsidiary of the
                   Company to any other corporation.
           (c)     to the relevant extent means:
                   (i)      to the extent the Company is not precluded by Applicable Regulation from doing so;
                   (ii)     to the extent and for the amount that the officer is not otherwise entitled to be indemnified and is not actually
                            indemnified by another person (including, in particular, an insurer under any insurance policy); and
                   (iii)    where the liability is incurred in or arising out of the conduct of the business of another corporation or in the discharge
                            of the duties of the officer in relation to another corporation, to the extent and for the amount that the officer is not
                            entitled to be indemnified and is not actually indemnified out of the assets of that corporation.
           (d)     liability means all costs, charges, losses, damages, expenses, penalties and liabilities of any kind including, in particular, legal
                   costs incurred in defending any proceedings (whether criminal, civil, administrative or judicial) or appearing before any court,
                   tribunal, government authority or otherwise.

                                                                     page 38
CHANGE OF CONTROL

    147.   Partial Takeover Plebiscites
    (1)    Where offers have been made under a proportional takeover bid in respect of shares included in a class of shares in the Company:
           (a)    the registration of a transfer giving effect to a contract resulting from the acceptance of an offer made under the bid is prohibited
                  unless and until a resolution (in this Rule 147(1) referred to as a prescribed resolution) to approve the bid is passed in
                  accordance with the provisions of this Constitution;
           (b)     (i)      a person (other than the offeror or a person associated with the offeror) who, as at the end of the day on which the first
                            offer under the proportional takeover bid was made, held shares included in that class is entitled to vote on a prescribed
                            resolution and, for the purposes of so voting, is entitled to one vote for each of the last mentioned shares; and
                   (ii)     the offeror or a person associated with the offeror is not entitled to vote on a prescribed resolution;
           (c)    a prescribed resolution is to be voted on at a meeting, convened and conducted by the Company, of the persons entitled to vote
                  on the resolution; and
           (d)    a prescribed resolution, being a resolution that has been voted on, is to be taken to have been passed if the proportion that the
                  number of votes in favour of the resolution bears to the total number of votes on the resolution is greater than one- half, and
                  otherwise is taken to have been rejected.
    (2)    The provisions of this Constitution that apply in relation to a general meeting of the Company apply, with modifications as the
           circumstances require, in relation to a meeting that is convened under this Rule 147 as if the last mentioned meeting was a general
           meeting of the Company.
    (3)    Where takeover offers have been made under a proportional takeover bid then the Board is to ensure that a resolution to approve the
           proportional takeover bid is voted on in accordance with this Rule 147 before the approving resolution deadline.
    (4)    This Rule 147 ceases to have effect on the third anniversary of the date of the adoption or last renewal of this Rule 147.


    148.   Not used

                                                                     page 39
                                                                                                                                                 Exhibit 2.1

                                                   Description of rights of each class of securities
                              registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”)

American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) representing two ordinary shares (the “shares”) of BHP Group Limited (“BHP”) are listed and traded on the New
York Stock Exchange and, in connection with this listing (but not for trading), the shares are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. This
exhibit contains a description of the rights of (i) the holders of shares and (ii) ADS holders. Shares underlying the ADSs are held by Citibank N.A., as
depositary, and holders of ADSs will not be treated as holders of the shares.


Shares
Type and Class of Securities (Item 9.A.5 of Form 20-F)
BHP’s shares are of no par value. The number of shares that have been issued as of the last day of the financial year ended June 30, 2022 is given in
Note 16 ‘Share capital’ in the Financial Statements of the Form 20-F for the financial year ended June 30, 2022 (the “Form 20-F”). BHP’s shares are
uncertificated registered shares, and may be transferred electronically through trading on the stock exchanges on which they are listed. Under BHP’s
constitution, the Board of Directors has a power to refuse to register any transfer of securities where the registration would result in a contravention of
(or failure to observe) any applicable law or the listing rules of the Australian Securities Exchange Limited (“ASX Listing Rules”), where BHP has a
lien over the securities, where the securities are subject to forfeit, where the transfer would be in favor of more than four persons jointly, or where
otherwise permitted under the ASX Listing Rules.


Preemptive Rights (Item 9.A.3 of Form 20-F)
Not applicable.


Limitations or Qualifications (Item 9.A.6 of Form 20-F)
A description of how the constitution of BHP limits or qualifies the rights of the shares is provided in sections “Additional information – 9.4
Constitution – Rights attaching to shares” and “Additional information – 9.4 Constitution – Redemption of preference shares” of the Form 20-F.


Other Rights (Item 9.A.7 of Form 20-F)
Not applicable.


Rights of the Shares (Item 10.B.3 of Form 20-F)
See sections “Additional information – 9.4 Constitution”, “Additional information – 9.5 Share ownership” and “Additional information – 9.6
Dividends” of the Form 20-F.


Requirements for Amendments (Item 10.B.4 of Form 20-F)
See section “Additional information – 9.4 Constitution – Variation of class rights” of the Form 20-F.


Limitations on the Rights to Own Shares (Item 10.B.6 of Form 20-F)
See sections “Additional information – 9.4 Constitution – Limitations of rights to own securities” and “Additional information – 9.8 Governmental
regulations – Shareholding limits” of the Form 20-F.


Provisions Affecting Any Change of Control (Item 10.B.7 of Form 20-F)
Not applicable.
Ownership Threshold (Item 10.B.8 of Form 20-F)
There are no provisions in BHP’s constitution governing the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership must be disclosed. Shareholders
will, however, be required to disclose shareholder ownership in accordance with the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Australian
Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth), and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority.


Differences Between the Law of Different Jurisdictions (Item 10.B.9 of Form 20-F)
See “Rights of the Shares” and “Limitations on the Rights to Own Shares” above.


Changes in Capital (Item 10.B.10 of Form 20-F)
Not applicable.


American Depositary Shares (Items 12.D.1 and 12.D.2 of Form 20-F)
Citibank, N.A., as depositary, will issue the ADSs representing shares. Citibank, N.A., has been appointed as the depositary pursuant to the deposit
agreement among the depositary, the holders the ADSs thereunder, and BHP (as amended, the “deposit agreement”). Each ADS represents two shares.
The depositary’s principal office at which the ADSs will be administered is located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10036.

You may hold ADSs either directly or indirectly through your broker or other financial institution. If you hold ADSs directly, by having ADSs registered
in your name on the books of the depositary, you are an ADS holder. This description assumes you hold your ADSs directly. If you hold the ADSs
indirectly, you must rely on the procedures of your broker or other financial institution to assert the rights of ADS holders described in this section. You
should consult with your broker or financial institution to find out what those procedures are. Your ADSs may be issued on the books of the depositary
in book-entry form, in which case your ADSs will be held through the depositary’s direct registration system reflecting your ownership of these ADSs,
or your ADSs may be evidenced by one or more American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”).

As an ADS holder, BHP will not treat you as one of its shareholders and you will not have shareholder rights. The depositary or its nominee will be the
holder of record of the shares underlying your ADSs. As a holder of ADSs, you will have ADS holder rights. The deposit agreement entered into among
BHP, the depositary, you, as an ADS holder, and the other holders and beneficial owners of ADSs sets out ADS holder rights as well as the rights and
obligations of the depositary. New York law governs the deposit agreement and the ADRs. Because the depositary or its nominee will actually be the
record owner of the shares, you must rely on it to exercise the rights of a shareholder on your behalf.

The following is a summary of the material provisions of the deposit agreement. For more complete information, you should read the deposit agreement
and form of ADR. The deposit agreement has been filed with the SEC as an exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form F-6 (File No. 333-259259) on
September 2, 2021 and as amended on July 29, 2022. The form of ADR has been filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022 as an exhibit to that Registration
Statement.


Voting Rights
How do you vote?
You may instruct the depositary to vote the shares underlying your ADSs, but only if BHP requests the depositary to ask for your instructions.
Otherwise, you will be unable to exercise your right to vote unless you withdraw the shares. However, you may not have sufficient advance notice of the
meeting in order to withdraw the shares in time to exercise your right to vote.

If BHP requires the depositary to ask for your instructions, the depositary will notify you of the upcoming vote and, upon receipt of voting materials
from BHP, will arrange to deliver BHP voting materials to you. The materials will (1) describe the matters to be voted on and (2) explain how you may
instruct the depositary to vote the shares or other deposited securities underlying your ADSs as you direct. For instructions to be valid, the depositary
must receive them on or before the date specified in the voting materials. The depositary has agreed that it will try to vote or to have its agents vote the
shares or other deposited securities as you instruct, insofar as it is practicable and permitted under applicable law, the deposit agreement, the provisions
of the deposited securities and BHP’s constitution. The depositary will only vote or attempt to vote as you instruct.

                                                                             -2-
If no voting instructions are received by the depositary from you with respect to any of the deposited securities represented by the ADSs on or before the
date established by the depositary for submission of such instructions, the depositary will not vote such deposited securities. Voting instructions received
from ADS holders will be aggregated and the depositary will try to vote or cause to be voted the deposited securities in accordance with these voting
instructions.

BHP cannot assure you that you will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the depositary to vote the shares underlying your
ADSs. In addition, the depositary and its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions or for the manner of carrying out voting
instructions, provided that such nonaction or action is in good faith. This means that you may not be able to exercise your right to vote and there may be
nothing you can do if the shares underlying your ADSs are not voted as you requested.


Dividends and Other Distributions
How will you receive dividends and other distributions on the shares?
The depositary has agreed to pay to you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on shares or other deposited securities, after
converting any cash received into U.S. dollars, and, in all cases, deducting its fees and expenses and any taxes required to be withheld. You will receive
these distributions in proportion to the number of shares your ADSs represent.

Cash. The depositary will convert any cash dividend or other cash distribution BHP pays on the shares into U.S. dollars, if it can do so on a reasonable
basis and can transfer the U.S. dollars to the United States. If that is not possible or if any government approval is needed and cannot be obtained, the
deposit agreement allows the depositary to distribute the foreign currency only to those ADS holders to whom it is possible to do so. It will hold the
foreign currency it cannot convert for the account of the ADS holders who have not been paid. It will not invest the foreign currency and it will not be
liable for any interest.

Before making a distribution, any withholding taxes that must be paid will be deducted. In addition, before any distribution, the fees and expenses of the
depositary will be deducted. It will distribute only whole U.S. dollars and cents. If the exchange rates fluctuate during a time when the depositary cannot
convert the foreign currency, you may lose some or all of the value of the distribution.

Shares. The depositary may distribute additional ADSs representing any shares BHP distributes as a dividend or free distribution of shares. The
depositary will only distribute whole ADSs. In lieu of delivering fractional ADSs, the depositary will sell shares or ADSs by public or private sale and
distribute the net proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. If the depositary does not distribute additional ADSs, the outstanding ADSs will also
represent the new shares.

Rights to purchase additional shares. If BHP offers holders of its securities any rights to subscribe for additional shares, the depositary will make these
rights available to you if (i) BHP has timely requested such rights be made available to you, (ii) BHP shall have delivered to the depositary satisfactory
documentation in accordance with the deposit agreement and (iii) the depositary shall have determined such distribution is reasonably practicable. If the
depositary decides it is not reasonably practicable to make the rights available, BHP does not meet the requirements of (i) or (ii) above, or any rights are
not exercised and appear to be about to lapse, but that it is legal and practical to sell the rights, the depositary will sell the rights and distribute the
proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. The depositary will allow rights that are not distributed or sold to lapse. In that case, you will receive no
value for them.

Other distributions. The depositary will distribute to you any property distributed on deposited securities, other than cash, shares and rights, provided
that (i) BHP has timely requested such distribution be made available to you, (ii) BHP shall have delivered satisfactory documentation in accordance
with the deposit agreement and (iii) the depositary shall have determined such distribution to be reasonably practicable. The depositary will make any
such distribution in such manner it deems practicable. If it cannot make the distribution BHP determines to be distributed to you, it will sell such
property in whatever means it deems practicable and distribute the net proceeds, in the same way as it does with cash.

                                                                             -3-
Neither BHP nor the depositary is responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impracticable to make a distribution available to any ADS holders. BHP
has no obligation to register ADSs, shares, rights or other securities under the Securities Act. BHP also has no obligation to take any other action to
permit the distribution of ADSs, ADRs, shares, rights or anything else to ADS holders. This means that you may not receive the distributions BHP
makes on the shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for BHP to make them available to you. There can be no assurance that the
depositary will be able to convert any currency at a specified exchange rate or sell any property, rights or shares or the securities at a specified price, nor
that any such transaction can be completed in a specified time.


Notices and Reports
The depositary will make available for ADS holders’ inspection at its principal office any notices, reports and communications, including any proxy
soliciting material, that it receives from BHP, if those notices, reports and communications are both (a) received by the depositary as the holder of the
deposited securities and (b) made generally available by BHP to the holders of the deposited securities. The depositary will also make available to ADS
holders copies of such reports when furnished by BHP pursuant to the deposit agreement. In addition, BHP is subject to the periodic reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act and, accordingly, file certain reports with the SEC. Such reports and documents can be retrieved from the SEC’s
website (www.sec.gov).


Reclassifications, Recapitalizations and Mergers
If BHP takes certain actions that affect the deposited securities, including (i) any change in par value, split up, cancellation, consolidation or other
reclassification of deposited securities or (ii) any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets affecting BHP or to which it is a
party, then the depositary may choose to:
•     issue and deliver additional ADSs as in the case of a share dividend;
•     amend the deposit agreement and the ADRs;
•     amend the applicable Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed with the SEC in respect of the ADSs;
•     call for the surrender of outstanding ADRs to be exchanged for new ADRs; and
•     take any other actions as are reasonably requested by BHP or as the depositary, in consultation with BHP, considers appropriate to reflect the
      transaction.


Amendment and Termination
How may the deposit agreement be amended?
BHP may agree with the depositary to amend the deposit agreement and the form of the ADRs without your consent if BHP and the depositary deem it
necessary or desirable. If an amendment adds or increases fees or charges (other than charges in connection with foreign exchange control regulations,
and taxes and other governmental charges, delivery and other such expenses), or materially prejudices a substantial right of ADS holders, it will not
become effective for outstanding ADRs until 30 days after the ADS holders have been given notice of the amendment. At the time an amendment
becomes effective, you are considered, by continuing to hold your ADSs, to agree to the amendment and to be bound by the form of the ADRs and the
deposit agreement as amended.


How may the deposit agreement be terminated?
The depositary will terminate the deposit agreement at BHP’s direction by distributing notice of termination to the ADS holders then outstanding at least
90 days prior to the date fixed in such notice for such termination. If, at any time, 90 days shall have expired after the depositary shall have delivered to
BHP a written notice of its election to resign or BHP has delivered to the depositary written notice of BHP’s election to remove the depositary, and a
successor depositary shall not have been appointed and have accepted its appointment, the depositary may also terminate the deposit agreement by
providing notice of termination at least 90 days prior to the date of termination to BHP and the holders of ADSs then outstanding.

                                                                              -4-
After termination, the depositary and its agents will do the following under the deposit agreement but nothing else: collect dividends and distributions on
the deposited securities, sell rights and other property received in respect of deposited securities, deliver shares and other deposited securities upon
cancellation of ADSs and take such actions as may be required under applicable law in connection with its role as depositary. At any time after
termination, the depositary may sell any remaining deposited securities by public or private sale. After that, the depositary will hold the money it
received from the sale, as well as any other cash it is holding under the deposit agreement for the pro rata benefit of the ADS holders that have not
surrendered their ADSs. The depositary will not invest the money and has no liability for interest. The depositary’s only obligations will be to account
for the money and other cash, and other obligations as may be required under applicable law in connection with the termination of the deposit
agreement. After termination, BHP’s only obligations will be to indemnify the depositary and to pay fees and expenses of the depositary that BHP
agreed to pay.


Inspection of Transfer Books
The depositary will keep books at its principal office for the registration and transfer of ADSs, which will be open for your inspection at all reasonable
times. However, such inspection shall not be for the purpose of communicating with other owners of ADSs in the interest of a business or object other
than BHP’s business or other than a matter related to the deposit agreement or the ADSs.


Deposit, Withdrawal and Cancellation
How are ADSs issued?
The depositary will issue ADSs if you or your broker deposit shares or evidence of rights to receive shares with the custodian and pay fees and expenses
and any taxes or charges, such as share transfer registration fees owing to the depositary under the deposit agreement. Shares deposited with the
custodian must be accompanied by certain delivery documentation, including documentation showing confirmation of the book-entry transfer and
recordation of the shares to the custodian or that such irrevocable instructions have been given and any necessary governmental approvals have been
obtained. Upon each deposit of shares, receipt of related delivery documentation and compliance with the other provisions of the deposit agreement,
including the payment of the fees and charges of the depositary and any taxes or other fees or charges owing, the depositary will issue ADSs in the name
or upon the order of the person entitled thereto.

All of the ADSs issued will be part of the depositary’s direct registration system, and a registered holder will receive periodic statements from the
depositary which will show the number of ADSs registered in such holder’s name. An ADS holder can request that the ADSs not be held through the
depositary’s direct registration system and that an ADR be issued. The custodian will not accept a deposit of fractional shares or a number of shares
which would give rise to fractional ADSs.

The custodian will hold all deposited shares for the account of the depositary. ADS holders thus have no direct ownership interest in the shares and only
have such rights as are contained in the deposit agreement. The custodian will also hold any additional securities, property and cash received on or in
substitution for the deposited shares. The deposited shares and any such additional items are referred to as “deposited securities”.


How do ADS holders cancel an ADS and obtain shares?
You may turn in your ADRs at the depositary’s principal office or, in the case of direct registration ADS, provide proper instructions and documentation
for cancellation of ADSs. Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as share transfer registration fees, the depositary will
deliver the shares represented by the corresponding amount of ADSs or ADRs and any other deposited securities underlying the ADSs or ADRs to you
or a person you designate in accordance with your order. Any dividends or other cash held in respect of the deposited securities so delivered shall be
delivered to you at the office of the custodian, or, at your request, risk and expense, the depositary will direct the custodian to forward (to the extent
permitted by law) any cash or other property (other than securities) for delivery at its principal office.

                                                                            -5-
The depositary shall not accept for surrender ADSs representing less than one share. In the case of delivery to it of ADSs representing a number other
than a whole number of shares, the depositary shall cause ownership of the appropriate whole number of shares to be delivered in accordance with the
deposit agreement, and shall, at the discretion of the depositary, either (i) return to the person surrendering such ADSs the number of ADSs representing
any remaining fractional share, or (ii) sell or cause to be sold the fractional share represented by the ADSs so surrendered and remit the proceeds of such
sale (net of (a) applicable fees and charges of, and expenses incurred by, the depositary and (b) taxes withheld) to the person surrendering the ADSs.


Requirements for Depositary Actions
Before the depositary will take certain actions, including deliver or register a transfer of an ADS, make a distribution on an ADS, or permit withdrawal
of shares, the depositary may require:
•     payment for any tax or other governmental charges and share transfer or registration fee with respect thereto and payment of any applicable fees
      and charges of the depositary;
•     satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or any other matters contemplated by the deposit agreement; and
•     compliance with any laws or governmental regulations, or such reasonable regulations that the depositary and BHP may establish consistent with
      the deposit agreement.

The depositary may refuse to deliver ADSs or register transfers of ADSs generally when the transfer books of the depositary or BHP’s transfer books are
closed or if any such action is deemed necessary or advisable by the depositary or BHP, in good faith, at any time or from time to time because of any
requirement of law or regulation, any government or governmental body or commission or any securities exchange on which shares or ADSs are listed,
or under any provision of the deposit agreement or ADRs, if applicable, or under any provision of, or governing, the deposited securities, or because of a
meeting of BHP’s shareholders or for any other reason, subject, in all cases to compliance with U.S. securities laws.


Your Right to Receive the Shares Underlying Your ADSs
You have the right to cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying shares at any time except:
•     when temporary delays arise because: (i) the depositary has closed its transfer books or BHP has closed its transfer books; (ii) the transfer of
      shares is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting; or (iii) BHP is paying a dividend on its shares;
•     when you or other ADS holders seeking to withdraw shares owe money to pay fees, taxes and similar charges; or
•     when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal
      of shares or other deposited securities.


Limitations on Obligations and Liability
The deposit agreement expressly limits BHP’s obligations and the obligations of the depositary. It also limits BHP’s liability and the liability of the
depositary. BHP and the depositary:
•     are not liable if either of them is prevented or delayed by law, regulation, any other governmental authority or regulatory authority or stock
      exchange, BHP’s constitution, any provision of or governing any deposit securities or any act of god or war or other circumstances beyond BHP’s
      control from performing BHP’s obligations under the deposit agreement;
•     are not liable if either of them exercises or fails to exercise discretion permitted under the deposit agreement, the provisions of or governing the
      deposited securities or BHP’s constitution;

                                                                             -6-
•     are not liable for any action or inaction in reliance upon the advice of or information from legal counsel, any person presenting shares for deposit,
      any holder, any beneficial owner or authorized representative thereof, or accountants, or any other person believed by it in good faith to be
      competent to give such advice;
•     are not liable for the inability of any ADS holder to benefit from any distribution, offering, right or other benefit which is made available to
      holders of deposited securities but is not under the terms of the deposit agreement made available to holders of ADSs;
•     are not liable for consequential or punitive damages for any breach of the terms of the deposit agreement;
•     are only obligated to take the actions specifically set forth in the deposit agreement or the ADRs; and
•     have no obligation to become involved in a lawsuit or other proceeding related to the deposited securities, the ADSs or the deposit agreement on
      your behalf or on behalf of any other party.

BHP and the depositary are protected in acting in reliance upon any written notice, request or other document believed by it to be genuine and to have
been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.

Neither BHP nor the depositary will be liable for any failure to carry out any instructions to vote any of the deposited securities, or for the manner in
which any vote is cast or the effect of any vote, provided that any such action or omission is in good faith and in accordance with the terms of the
deposit agreement or incur any liability for any failure to determine that any distribution or action may be lawful or reasonably practicable, for any
investment risk associated with acquiring an interest in the deposited securities, for the validity or worth of the deposited securities or for any tax
consequences that may result from the ownership of ADSs, shares or deposited securities, or for the credit worthiness of any third party. The depositary
will not be liable for the content of any information submitted to it by BHP for distribution to the holders or for any inaccuracy of any translation
thereof, for allowing any rights to lapse upon the terms of the deposit agreement or for the failure or timeliness of any notice of BHP.

In the deposit agreement, BHP and the depositary agree to indemnify each other under certain circumstances.

                                                                             -7-
                                                                                                                                                 Exhibit 4.1

Summary of terms of employment for Mike Henry – Chief Executive Officer, BHP
1.     Term
Mr Henry is employed under a single employment agreement with the BHP Group with no fixed term. The contract is applicable with effect from the
date of Mr Henry’s appointment as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) on 1 January 2020. Mr Henry’s performance and remuneration will be reviewed at
the end of each financial year.

The Group retains the right to terminate the contract by giving 12 months’ notice or by making payment in lieu of notice of 12 months’ base salary plus
the relevant contribution to a superannuation or pension scheme. Mr Henry is also entitled to any accrued entitlements such as earned but untaken leave.
Mr Henry has a right to terminate the contract by giving 12 months’ notice.


2.     Fixed Salary and Retirement Benefits
Mr Henry is paid a base salary of US$1,700,000 per annum. He is entitled to an additional sum equal to 10 per cent of base salary (which at the
commencement of the contract will be US$170,000 per annum) which he may pay into a superannuation or pension scheme, defer receipt of until
retirement under the retirement savings plan, or take as a cash payment in lieu of retirement benefits.

Where Mr Henry elects to allocate the retirement contribution to a superannuation or pension scheme, or the retirement savings plan, the rules of the
relevant plans will apply.


3.     Benefits
Mr Henry receives additional benefits including the cost of private health, life and disability insurance, business-related spouse/partner travel, car
parking, fringe benefits tax and the preparation of multi-jurisdictional taxation returns.


4.     Incentive arrangements
Mr Henry is eligible to participate in incentive arrangements offered by BHP from time to time. Initially, Mr Henry will participate in the Cash and
Deferred Plan (CDP) and the Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). The CDP and LTIP are part of BHP’s remuneration policy which was approved by
shareholders at the 2019 Annual General Meetings.


CDP
Under the rules of the CDP, Mr Henry is entitled to incentive awards calculated by reference to his base salary. For performance at the target level,
which requires Mr Henry to meet the rigorous performance hurdles set by the Board, including delivery of the budget, Mr Henry would receive a cash
bonus worth 80 per cent of base salary. For performance at the maximum level, Mr Henry would receive a cash bonus of 120 per cent of base salary.
Two tranches of deferred shares will be awarded to Mr Henry, each to the equivalent value of the actual cash bonus received. These two tranches of
deferred shares will vest in two years and five years, respectively.

The grant of deferred shares will be subject to the approval of shareholders where required by applicable listing rules.


LTIP
Long-term incentives are issued under the terms of the LTIP. The number of LTIP awards allocated will be, on a face value basis, a maximum of 200 per
cent of Mr Henry’s base salary, and based on the 12-month average share price and exchange rate up to and including the 30 June preceding the date of
grant. LTIP awards are subject to performance hurdles, which are measured five years after the effective date of the grant. Performance hurdles are not
subject to re-testing.
The performance hurdle requires BHP’s total shareholder return (TSR) over a five-year performance period to be measured against the TSR of a sector
peer group (67 per cent of awards) and the TSR of a global company index (33 per cent of awards). No LTIP awards vest if BHP’s TSR is below the
relevant comparator group TSR and the LTIP awards will be forfeited. 25 per cent of LTIP awards vest if BHP’s TSR is at the relevant comparator group
TSR. For all LTIP awards to vest, BHP’s TSR must be at or above the 80th percentile TSR of the relevant comparator group. For performance between
the relevant comparator group TSR and the 80th percentile TSR of the relevant comparator group, vesting occurs on a sliding scale.

The grant of LTIP awards will be subject to the approval of shareholders where required by applicable listing rules.


Dividends
A dividend equivalent payment (DEP) is provided on vested CDP deferred shares and vested LTIP awards. No payment is made in respect of unvested
or lapsed CDP deferred shares and LTIP awards. DEPs are paid in the form of shares.


Entitlements on termination
The rules of the CDP and LTIP and BHP’s remuneration policy provide that where employment is terminated by the resignation of the executive, or by
the Group for cause, Mr Henry is not entitled to any cash incentive for the year in question and all CDP deferred shares or LTIP awards will lapse.

If Mr Henry retires or his employment terminates by mutual agreement:
•     he may, at the Remuneration Committee’s discretion, be considered for a prorata incentive under the CDP for the period of service during that year
      based on performance;
•     CDP two-year deferred shares would vest in full on the original vesting date;
•     CDP five-year deferred shares would vest on the original vesting date, with the number of deferred shares to vest reduced prorata to reflect the
      period of service; and
•     he would have a right to retain entitlements to LTIP awards, which would vest on the original vesting date, only if, and to the extent, the
      performance hurdles are ultimately met. The number of entitlements Mr Henry would be permitted to retain would be reduced prorata to reflect
      the period of service.

Special provisions relate to events described as “uncontrollable” such as death and serious injury. In those circumstances, all of the CDP deferred shares
and LTIP awards that have been awarded but which have not vested or are not exercisable vest immediately to and/or become immediately exercisable
by Mr Henry or his estate.


5.    Minimum shareholding requirement (MSR)
The Board and Remuneration Committee has determined that during his term as CEO, Mr Henry will be required to hold BHP securities with a value at
least equal to five times one year’s pre-tax (gross) base salary, and this applies for two years post-retirement. The value of the securities for the purposes
of this requirement is the market value of the underlying shares. Unvested awards do not qualify.

The CEO is expected to grow his holdings to the MSR from the scheduled vesting of his employee awards over time. The MSR is tested at the time that
shares are to be sold. Shares may be sold to satisfy tax obligations arising from the granting, holding, vesting, exercise or sale of the employee awards or
the underlying shares whether the MSR is satisfied at that time or not.
6.    Leave entitlements
Mr Henry will be entitled to the following leave entitlements:
•     Annual leave – in accordance with applicable Australian law, currently four weeks per annum.
•     Other leave – in accordance with applicable law.


7.    Post-employment restraints
Mr Henry will be subject to non-competition and non-solicitation restraints that operate for 12 months after the cessation of his employment.
                                                  Exhibit 4.2




                                       BHP Billiton Limited
                                   Long Term Incentive Plan
Approved by shareholders at the AGMs on 24.10.13 and 21.11.13
Long Term Incentive Plan


Table of Contents

1.   Purpose                                                 1
2.   Definitions and interpretation                          1
3.   Invitation to participate                               5
4.   Performance Hurdles                                     6
5.   Performance Shares                                      7
6.   Restrictions on dealing                                 8
7.   Other provisions                                        9
8.   Leaver Provisions                                      10
9.   Preventing inappropriate benefits                      12
10. Forfeiture                                              13
11. Takeover, Reconstruction and Winding Up                 13
12. Variation of Awards                                     14
13. Administration of the LTIP                              14
14. Amendments                                              15
15. Issue limitations                                       17
16. No interest or right until Award, vesting or exercise   17
17. Ranking and Listing                                     17
18. Law, Listing Rules and the Constitution                 18
19. Rights of Participants                                  18
20. Termination and suspension                              18
21. General                                                 19

                                                                 i
Long Term Incentive Plan


                                                                  BHP Billiton Limited
                                                                Long Term Incentive Plan

1.    Purpose

      (a)       The LTIP is an integral part of the Company’s overall approach to competitive performance-based remuneration.
      (b)       The LTIP is designed to develop a clear line of sight between business objectives and reward. It is intended to bind members of the
                senior management team at BHP Billiton through a global performance reward arrangement which ensures his or her focus on the
                achievement of the global business strategy of BHP Billiton, while providing equity in employee reward throughout the global business.
      (c)       The LTIP is a long term incentive aimed at creating a stronger link between employee performance and reward and increasing
                shareholder value by enabling Participants to have a greater involvement with, and share in the future growth and profitability of, the
                Company.


2.    Definitions and interpretation

2.1   Definitions
       In this LTIP the following terms have the following meanings:
       Allocate means:
      (a)       the issue of a Share for the benefit of;
      (b)       procuring the transfer of a Share (via the purchase on-market or via an off-market transfer) to or for the benefit of; or
      (c)       procuring the holding of a Share as bare nominee for and on behalf of,
       a Participant (or his or her personal representative).
       ASX means ASX Limited (ABN 98 008 624 691) or the exchange operated by ASX Limited, as the context requires.
       Award means the grant of a Performance Share to a Participant under the LTIP, including any entitlement to a Dividend Equivalent Payment
       under clause 7.3.
       Board means the board of directors of the Company from time to time.
       Business Day means any day on which the ASX is open for trading.
       Close Period has the meaning set out in the Securities Dealing Code.
       Company means BHP Billiton Limited (ABN 49 004 028 077) whose registered office is at 171 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
       Companies Act 2006 means the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006.

                                                                                                                                                          1
Long Term Incentive Plan

       Competitor means any business that competes with the Group or Plc Group during the vesting period of Performance Shares.
       Constitution means the constitution of the Company.
       Control Event means:
      (a)      either:
               (i)       a change of control of the Company within the meaning of section 50AA of the Corporations Act; or
               (ii)      transactions have occurred or will occur which have resulted in or will or are highly likely to result in:
                         (A)    changes in the identity of more than one half of the existing Board members; or
                         (B)    the appointment of new Board members such that more than one half of the Board is newly appointed; or
                         (C)    persons who were entitled to cast more than one half of the votes that could be cast at a Board meeting prior to the
                                changes occurring not being entitled to cast more than one half of the votes after the changes have occurred,
               which the Board determines in its discretion, acting reasonably, to constitute or be equivalent to a change of control for the purposes of
               the LTIP;
      (b)      when a Court sanctions a compromise or arrangement (other than in relation to Plc) pursuant to Part 5.1 of the Corporations Act; or
      (c)      when the Company passes a resolution for voluntary winding up or if an order is made for the compulsory winding up of the Company.
       Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
       Current Market Price means the volume weighted average price of Shares on the ASX over the 5 Business Days as shown on the Official List
       of the ASX commencing on the date on which Shares would otherwise have been Allocated to a Participant.
       Dismissal means termination of a Participant’s employment with a Group Company for cause, including unlawful or serious misconduct, as
       determined by the Remuneration Committee in its absolute discretion.
       Dividend Equivalent Payment means an amount to which a Participant becomes entitled under clause 7.3, which will be satisfied through the
       Allocation of Shares or payment of an equivalent cash amount.
       Eligible Employee means an Employee whom the Remuneration Committee determines in its absolute discretion is to participate in the LTIP.
       Employee means any person who is in full-time or part-time employment of a Group Company.

                                                                                                                                                            2
Long Term Incentive Plan

       Expected Value means the anticipated value of the Performance Shares at the time of Award, taking into account all relevant factors including
       any entitlement to a Dividend Equivalent Payment under clause 7.3, as determined by the Remuneration Committee.
       Financial Year means the financial year of the Company (being at the time of adoption of these Rules a period of 12 months starting on 1 July in
       one year and ending on 30 June in the following year).
       Gross Salary means an Employee’s gross annual base salary as determined by the Remuneration Committee in its discretion.
       Group means the Company and its Subsidiaries from time to time and a Group Company means any one of them.
       Invitation means an invitation to an Eligible Employee made under clause 3.1.
       Joint Electorate Action has the meaning given in the DLC Structure Sharing Agreement between the Company and Plc dated 29 June 2001.
       Law means the laws of Australia and any applicable legislation of the jurisdiction in which an Eligible Employee is located at the time of receipt
       of an Invitation.
       Listing Rules means the listing rules of the ASX as in force from time to time.
       LTIP means the Long Term Incentive Plan of the Company as established under these Rules.
       Market Value means the market value of a Share on the relevant date as determined by the Remuneration Committee in its discretion, but will
       not be less than the volume weighted average price of Shares over the 5 Business Days immediately prior to the relevant date and as shown on
       the Official List of the ASX. The calculation of the Market Value must not occur at any time when the Group is in a Close Period.
       Participant means an Eligible Employee who accepts an Invitation and to whom an Award is made under the LTIP.
       Performance Hurdle means a condition set by the Remuneration Committee under clause 4.
       Performance Share means an option or a conditional right to acquire a Share on the terms set out in the LTIP and a Participant’s Invitation.
       Performance Year means the Financial Year in respect of which Performance Shares are Awarded.
       Plc means BHP Billiton Plc, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 3196209, whose registered office is at
       Neathouse Place, London SW1V 1BH, England.
       Plc Group means Plc and its subsidiaries from time to time as determined in accordance with English law and Plc Group Company means any
       one of them.
       Post Cessation Covenant means, in respect of a Participant:
      (a)      a restriction or undertaking owed to the Group or a Group Company in connection with the Participant’s former employment; or

                                                                                                                                                        3
Long Term Incentive Plan

      (b)       any compromise or contractual arrangement in relation to the cessation of the Participant’s former employment with the Group.
       Pro Rata means a calculation in accordance with the following formula and rounded down to the nearest whole number of Performance Shares:
       RP = PS x M.D ÷ 60
       where:
      (a)       RP is the number of Performance Shares retained by the Participant;
      (b)       PS is the number of Performance Shares Awarded to the Participant in a Performance Year;
      (c)       M, in any vesting period, is the number of full months that have passed since the beginning of the vesting period during which the
                Participant has been employed by a Group Company; and
      (d)       D is the proportion of days that have passed in the month that employment ceases (that is, the number of days passed divided by the
                total number of days in that calendar month).
       Remuneration Committee means the Remuneration Committee of the Board as constituted from time to time, or its delegate.
       Rules means the terms and conditions set out in this document as amended from time to time.
       Securities Dealing Code means the Company’s Securities Dealing Group Level Document, as amended from time to time.
       Security Interest means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance of any nature.
       Shares means fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Company.
       Subsidiary means a body corporate which is a subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of section 9 of the Corporations Act.
       Tax includes any tax, levy, impost, deduction, charge, rate, contribution, duty or withholding which is assessed (or deemed to be assessed),
       levied, imposed or made by any government or any governmental, semi-governmental or judicial entity or authority together with any interest,
       penalty, fine, charge, fee or other amount assessed (or deemed to be assessed), levied, imposed or made on or in respect of any or all of the
       foregoing.
       Trustee means the trustee or trustees for the time being of any employee share ownership scheme or plan trust established by the Company, the
       beneficiaries of which include the Participants.


2.2   Interpretation
       Headings are for convenience only and do not affect interpretation. The following rules of interpretation apply unless the context requires
       otherwise.
      (a)       The singular includes the plural and conversely.

                                                                                                                                                       4
Long Term Incentive Plan

      (b)      A gender includes all genders.
      (c)      Where a word or phrase is defined, its other grammatical forms have a corresponding meaning.
      (d)      A reference to a person includes a body corporate, an unincorporated body or other entity and conversely.
      (e)      A reference to a clause is to a clause of the Rules.
      (f)      A reference to any agreement or document is to that agreement or document as amended, novated, supplemented, varied or replaced
               from time to time, except to the extent prohibited by the Rules.
      (g)      A reference to any legislation or to any provision of any legislation includes any modification or re-enactment of it, any legislative
               provision substituted for it and all regulations and statutory instruments issued under it.
      (h)      A reference to conduct includes any omission and any statement or undertaking, whether or not in writing.
      (i)      A reference to writing includes a facsimile transmission and any means of reproducing words in a tangible and permanently visible
               form.
      (j)      Mentioning anything after include, includes or including does not limit what else might be included.


3.    Invitation to participate

3.1   Invitations
      (a)      The Remuneration Committee may in its absolute discretion issue or cause to be issued Invitations on behalf of the Company to Eligible
               Employees. That Invitation will be in such form as the Remuneration Committee determines from time to time and will include the
               following minimum information:
               (i)      the date of the Invitation;
               (ii)     the name of the Eligible Employee to whom the Invitation is made;
               (iii)    the number of Performance Shares being offered, or the method by which the number will be calculated;
               (iv)     whether the Performance Shares are in the form of options or conditional rights;
               (v)      the Performance Hurdle(s) and any other conditions of vesting determined by the Remuneration Committee;
               (vi)     the period or periods during which the Performance Shares may vest;
               (vii)    the exercise price for a Performance Share granted as an option;
               (viii)   the period(s) in which a Performance Share granted as an option may be exercised;
               (ix)     the circumstances in which Performance Shares may lapse;

                                                                                                                                                        5
Long Term Incentive Plan

               (x)     whether the Performance Shares carry an entitlement to a Dividend Equivalent Payment;
               (xi)    the circumstances in which Shares Allocated to the Participant may be forfeited; and
               (xii)   any restrictions (including the period of restriction) on dealing in relation to a Share Allocated to the Participant.
      (b)      Invitations may be made by the Remuneration Committee on a differential basis to different Eligible Employees.
      (c)      The maximum number of Performance Shares that may be Awarded to a Participant in any Performance Year is the number achieved by
               multiplying the Participant’s Gross Salary by two and dividing that amount by the Expected Value.


3.2   Acceptance of Invitation
      (a)      Acceptance of an Invitation must be made in accordance with the instructions that accompany the Invitation, or in any other way the
               Remuneration Committee determines.
      (b)      The Remuneration Committee may at any time up until the Award of Performance Shares refuse the participation of an Eligible
               Employee where that Eligible Employee ceases to satisfy any relevant conditions imposed by the Remuneration Committee.
      (c)      Nothing limits the Remuneration Committee’s ability to treat the conduct of an Eligible Employee in respect of an Invitation (including
               the failure of an Eligible Employee to lodge an election not to participate within the time specified in the instructions accompanying the
               Invitation) as valid acceptance of that Invitation under these Rules.


4.    Performance Hurdles

      (a)      The Remuneration Committee will make each Award of Performance Shares subject to one or more Performance Hurdles, and may
               impose other conditions of vesting in its absolute discretion.
      (b)      Notwithstanding that a Performance Hurdle and any other conditions of vesting (as advised to the Participant) have been satisfied, the
               Remuneration Committee may in its absolute discretion determine that, having regard to:
               (i)     the personal performance of a Participant;
               (ii)    the performance of the division or function in which the Participant is employed or for which they have accountability, or which
                       is relevant in relation to the Participant’s role;
               (iii)   the performance of the Group and the Plc Group; or

                                                                                                                                                        6
Long Term Incentive Plan

               (iv)    any other factor (relating to such other different consideration or criteria) which the Remuneration Committee reasonably
                       determines to be appropriate to take into account in relation to the Participant’s Award,
               vesting of some or all of the Performance Shares is not justifiable or supportable, in which case the Remuneration Committee may
               determine that all or some of the Performance Shares which would otherwise have vested will not vest and will instead lapse.


5.    Performance Shares

5.1   Award of Performance Shares
      (a)      The Company will Award to each Participant the number of Performance Shares set out in the Invitation.
      (b)      In the normal course, Awards may only be made within 42 days starting on any of the following:
               (i)     the date of shareholder approval of a grant of Performance Shares;
               (ii)    the day after the announcement of the Company’s results for any period;
               (iii)   the date of the Company’s annual general meeting or any special general meeting; or
               (iv)    any day on which the Remuneration Committee determines that exceptional circumstances exist which justify the Award of
                       Performance Shares and which may include but is not limited to changes to the legislation or regulations materially affecting the
                       LTIP, an executive recruitment or the lifting of dealing restrictions preventing the making of an Award in the normal course.
      (c)      A Participant will not pay anything for the Award of Performance Shares.


5.2   Vesting of Performance Shares
      (a)      Subject to these Rules, a Performance Share will only vest where and to the extent that:
               (i)     the Performance Hurdles have been satisfied;
               (ii)    any additional terms specified in the Invitation pursuant to clause 3.1 have been satisfied; and
               (iii)   the Remuneration Committee makes a determination not to exercise its discretion to lapse some or all of the Performance Shares
                       under clause 4(b).
      (b)      If the vesting of a Performance Share would arise in a period where dealings by a Participant would be prohibited, vesting will be
               delayed until such time as dealings are permitted. For the avoidance of doubt, the Remuneration Committee may determine that vesting
               will be delayed only in relation to the affected Participant or in relation to some or all of Participants who hold Performance Shares
               under the LTIP (irrespective of whether they are subject to the dealing restriction).

                                                                                                                                                       7
Long Term Incentive Plan



5.3   Exercise of Performance Shares
      (a)      Performance Shares may only be exercised (where applicable) to the extent they have vested.

      (b)      Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, no Performance Share will be exercisable for a period which is greater than 10
               years from the date of the Award of the Performance Share.


5.4   Satisfaction of entitlements
      (a)      Subject to clause 5.4(b), the vesting or exercise (as applicable) of a Performance Share will be satisfied by the Company, at the
               Remuneration Committee’s discretion, either:
               (i)    Allocating a Share to the Participant; or
               (ii)   making a cash payment in lieu of an Allocation of Shares, and delivering any Dividend Equivalent Payment that a Participant
                      becomes entitled to under clause 7.3.
      (b)      The Remuneration Committee may determine, prior to making an Award, that the vesting or exercise (as applicable) of Performance
               Shares will only be satisfied through an Allocation of Shares to the Participant.
      (c)      Where the Remuneration Committee exercises its discretion under clause 5.4(a) to make a cash payment to a Participant in lieu of an
               Allocation of Shares, the Company must pay to the Participant an amount (in any currency determined by the Remuneration Committee
               in its absolute discretion) equivalent to the value of Performance Shares that have vested or been exercised (as applicable).
      (d)      The amount of the cash payment referred to in clause 5.4(c) will be calculated by multiplying the number of Performance Shares that
               have vested or been exercised (as applicable) by the Current Market Price (less any exercise price where applicable).


6.    Restrictions on dealing

6.1   Prohibited dealings
      (a)      Any dealing in respect of a Performance Share between Award and vesting is prohibited unless the dealing:
               (i)    is with the consent of the Remuneration Committee; or
               (ii)   occurs by force of law upon death to the Participant’s legal personal representative or upon bankruptcy to the Participant’s
                      trustee in bankruptcy.

                                                                                                                                                     8
Long Term Incentive Plan

      (b)       Unless the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise, where a Participant deals with a Performance Share in contravention of
                clause 6.1(a), the Performance Share will lapse.


6.2   Security Interest
       Subject to clause 6.3(c), Participants will not grant any Security Interest in or over or otherwise dispose of or deal with any Performance Shares
       or any interest in them until the relevant Shares are Allocated to that Participant, and any such Security Interest or disposal or dealing will not be
       recognised in any manner by the Company.


6.3   Additional restrictions on dealing
      (a)       The Remuneration Committee may at its discretion impose restrictions on dealing in respect of any Shares that are Allocated upon
                vesting or exercise of a Performance Share.
      (b)       The Remuneration Committee may implement any procedure it considers appropriate to enforce the restrictions under this clause 6.3.
      (c)       The Remuneration Committee may, in any circumstances and from time to time, on request from a Participant, approve at its discretion
                the release of a Participant’s Performance Shares or Shares from any restriction.


6.4   Securities Dealing Code
       All Awards of Performance Shares, vesting of Performance Shares, any exercise of Performance Shares and all Allocations of Shares pursuant to
       these Rules must be in accordance with, and will be subject to, the Securities Dealing Code.


7.    Other provisions

7.1   New issues
       A Performance Share does not confer on a Participant the right to participate in new issues of Shares by the Company, including by way of bonus
       issue, rights issue or otherwise.


7.2   Lapse
       All Performance Shares which have not been exercised at the expiry of the relevant exercise period will lapse. If more than one such period
       applies, then the provision which results in the earliest lapse will prevail.


7.3   Dividend Equivalent Payment
      (a)       The Remuneration Committee may determine at the time an Invitation is made that a Participant who becomes entitled under clause
                5.4(a) to receive an Allocation of Shares (or equivalent cash amount) following vesting or exercise of Performance Shares will also be
                entitled to receive a Dividend Equivalent Payment.
      (b)       The Market Value of the Dividend Equivalent Payment:

                                                                                                                                                            9
Long Term Incentive Plan

               (i)      will be approximately equal to the amount of dividends that would have been payable to a Participant had he or she been the
                        owner of the Shares referred to in clause 7.3(a) from the first day of the Financial Year in which the Performance Shares are
                        Awarded (excluding any dividends actually paid in respect of those Shares after their Allocation to the Participant); and
               (ii)     will not be grossed up or otherwise adjusted to account for any Tax consequences which would have applied if the Participant
                        had actually been paid a dividend.
      (c)      The Dividend Equivalent Payment will be delivered to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable following the Allocation of the
               Shares (or payment of an equivalent cash amount) referred to in clause 7.3(a).


8.    Leaver Provisions

8.1   Resignation and Dismissal
      (a)      Where a Participant leaves the employment of a Group Company because of resignation or Dismissal, then the Participant’s unvested
               Performance Shares will lapse.
      (b)      Any Performance Shares which had vested but not been exercised at the time of the resignation or Dismissal will not lapse and will
               remain exercisable for the remainder of the exercise period applying to those Performance Shares, unless the Remuneration Committee
               determines that they should lapse with effect from the date the Participant ceases employment or such other date determined by the
               Remuneration Committee.


8.2   Death, illness or disablement
       Where a Participant leaves the employment of a Group Company due to:
      (a)      death;
      (b)      serious injury, disability or illness that prohibits continued employment; or
      (c)      total and permanent disablement,
       then all of the Participant’s unvested Performance Shares will immediately vest and, where applicable, become exercisable.


8.3   Other Leavers
      (a)      If a Participant leaves the employment of a Group Company for any reason other than as specified in clauses 8.1 or 8.2 and the
               Remuneration Committee does not determine otherwise under clause 8.3(b), a Pro Rata portion of the Participant’s Performance Shares
               will continue to be held by the Participant subject to these Rules and the relevant conditions advised to the Participant, notwithstanding
               the cessation of the Participant’s employment.

                                                                                                                                                        10
Long Term Incentive Plan

      (b)      The Remuneration Committee may determine at any time up to 60 days after the Participant ceases employment, that some or all of a
               Participant’s Performance Shares, as applicable:
                (i)     lapse; and/or
                (ii)    are, in the case of vested but unexercised Performance Shares, only exercisable for a prescribed period and will otherwise lapse,
                with effect from the date of the Participant ceasing employment or such other date specified by the Remuneration Committee.
      (c)      Where this clause 8.3 applies, any Performance Shares held by the Participant that would otherwise become eligible for vesting under
               clause 5.2 will be suspended until the earlier of:
                (i)     the Remuneration Committee notifying the Participant that it has either exercised, or decided not to exercise, its discretion under
                        clause 8.3(b); or
                (ii)    the expiry of the 60-day period specified in clause 8.3(b).


8.4   Post cessation discretion
       Notwithstanding anything else in this rule 8 or any other provision of these Rules, where:
      (a)      a Participant who has ceased to be employed by a Group Company continues to hold Performance Shares which are unvested; and
      (b)      the Remuneration Committee determines in good faith that:
                (i)     the Participant has breached a Post Cessation Covenant;
                (ii)    the Participant commences employment with a Competitor at any time prior to the Performance Shares vesting; or
                (iii)   a change in the Participant’s circumstances since he or she ceased to be employed by a Group Company mean it is no longer
                        appropriate for the Participant to retain his or her unvested Performance Shares,
       the Remuneration Committee may in its absolute discretion determine that some or all of such unvested Performance Shares will lapse with
       immediate effect.


8.5   Global Mobility
       Where a Participant transfers employment to a Plc Group Company or any other company in which either the Company or Plc or both have an
       interest and which the Remuneration Committee designates for this purpose (Connected Company), the Participant will, unless the
       Remuneration Committee determines otherwise:
      (a)      not be treated for the purposes of the LTIP as leaving the employment of a Group Company until he or she is no longer employed by a
               Group Company, Plc, a subsidiary of Plc or the Connected Company; and
      (b)      maintain any unvested or unexercised Performance Shares Awarded under the LTIP and remain eligible to receive an Award in respect
               of the current Performance Year in accordance with the LTIP.

                                                                                                                                                        11
Long Term Incentive Plan



8.6   Amounts owing by Participants
       Where a Participant owes any amount or amounts a Group Company or a Plc Group Company, including without limitation the outstanding
       balance of any loan account, any overpayment of holiday pay or wages, or any loss suffered by a Group Company or Plc Group Company as a
       result of any breach of contract, statutory duty or tort committed by the Participant, the Remuneration Committee may, in respect of any
       Performance Shares Awarded to the Participant:
      (a)      prevent the exercise of some or all of the Performance Shares;
      (b)      determine that some or all of the Performance Shares lapse; or
      (c)      reduce the number of Performance Shares which vest,
       to take into account of and in settlement of any such amounts.


9.    Preventing inappropriate benefits
      (a)      If, in the opinion of the Remuneration Committee:
                (i)     an Eligible Employee or Participant acts fraudulently or dishonestly or is in material breach of his or her obligations to any
                        Group Company (or a Plc Group Company);
                (ii)    the Company becomes aware of a material misstatement or omission in the financial statements in relation to a Group Company
                        (or a Plc Group Company); or
                (iii)   any circumstances occur that the Remuneration Committee determines in good faith to have resulted in an unfair benefit to the
                        Participant,
                then the Remuneration Committee may, in its absolute discretion, determine that:
                (iv)    some or all the Participant’s Performance Shares will lapse;
                (v)     some or all of the Shares that were Allocated under the LTIP which are held by, or on behalf of, the Participant, will be forfeited;
                        and/or
                (vi)    a Participant be required to reimburse a Group Company all or part of the cash already paid to the Participant under the LTIP or
                        repay all or part of the net proceeds of the sale of any Shares Allocated under the LTIP.
      (b)      Without limiting clause 9(a), where a Participant has received or may receive remuneration (whether under the LTIP or otherwise) and
               the Remuneration Committee determines in good faith that, in order to ensure that no inappropriate benefit is obtained by the
               Participant:
                (i)     the remuneration should be reduced by an amount; or
                (ii)    an amount of the remuneration should be repaid,
                the Remuneration Committee may, subject to applicable laws, determine any treatment in relation to one or more of:
                (iii)   the Participant’s Performance Shares;

                                                                                                                                                         12
Long Term Incentive Plan

               (iv)   Shares Allocated to the Participant under the LTIP; or
               (v)    cash received by the Participant in connection with the LTIP (including the proceeds of sale of a Share Allocated under the
                      LTIP),
               in order to offset the relevant amount.
      (c)      Nothing in this clause 9 limits the ability of the Remuneration Committee and a Participant to agree to different or additional forfeiture,
               repayment or offset arrangements.
      (d)      The Remuneration Committee’s decision under this clause 9 will be final and binding.


10.   Forfeiture

      (a)      Where Shares are forfeited in accordance with these Rules and the Shares are held by the Participant, the Participant is deemed to have
               agreed to dispose of his or her legal and/or beneficial interest (as appropriate) in such Shares for no consideration and the Shares will be
               transferred into the name of the Company’s nominee.
      (b)      Where Shares are forfeited in accordance with these Rules and the Shares are held by a trustee, the Participant’s rights in the Shares will
               be extinguished for no consideration and the Remuneration Committee may, at any time in the future, direct the trustee to hold the
               Shares for the benefit of a different or new Participant (and, pending such direction, the Shares shall comprise general trust property).
      (c)      Where Shares are forfeited pursuant to these Rules, the Company will repay to the Participant any exercise price paid in relation to
               those Shares by the Participant.


11.   Takeover, Reconstruction and Winding Up

       Upon a Control Event occurring, then:
      (a)      all Shares held by a Participant under the LTIP which are subject to a dealing restriction pursuant to clause 6 will be released; and
      (b)      unvested Performance Shares will either, at the determination of the Remuneration Committee:
               (i)    be Pro Rated and vest to the extent to which the Remuneration Committee determines appropriate having regard to performance
                      against the applicable Performance Hurdles up to the date of the Control Event and expectations regarding future performance.
                      Any Performance Shares that vest will, where applicable, become exercisable for a period of six months or such shorter window
                      period determined by the Remuneration Committee in its discretion. Those Performance Shares that do not vest, or are not
                      exercised within the prescribed period, will lapse; or
               (ii)   lapse or be cancelled if the Remuneration Committee determines in its absolute discretion that a term of the Control Event is
                      that holders of those Performance Shares will participate in an acceptable alternative employee share incentive scheme which is
                      reasonably acceptable to the Remuneration Committee in its absolute discretion.

                                                                                                                                                        13
Long Term Incentive Plan



12.    Variation of Awards

12.1   Adjustments
       Subject to all applicable laws and the Listing Rules, the Remuneration Committee may make such adjustments as it considers appropriate, if any,
       to one or more of the following:
       (a)      the number of Shares subject to any Performance Share;
       (b)      the exercise price for a Performance Share;
       (c)      where a Performance Share has been exercised but no Shares have been Allocated following the exercise (and no equivalent cash
                amount paid), the number of Shares which may be Allocated; or
       (d)      the terms of a Performance Hurdle,
       in the event of any of the circumstances set out in clause 12.2 below.


12.2   Circumstances
       The circumstances in which the Remuneration Committee may make the adjustments under clause 12.1 are:
       (a)      if there are certain variations in the share capital of the Company, including a capitalisation or rights issue, sub-division, consolidation
                or reduction of share capital, a demerger (in whatever form) or other distribution in specie; or
       (b)      in relation to a Performance Hurdle, other events not in the ordinary course (and not related solely to the performance of the Group)
                which cause the Remuneration Committee to consider that the original terms of the Performance Hurdle are no longer measurable,
                meaningful and/or likely to incentivise Participants appropriately, provided that the varied Performance Hurdle is no less difficult to
                satisfy than the original Performance Hurdle as at the time the Award was made.


12.3   Notice of Variation
       As soon as reasonably practicable after making any adjustment under clause 12.1, the Remuneration Committee will give notice in writing of the
       adjustment to any Participant affected by it.


13.    Administration of the LTIP

       (a)      The LTIP will be administered by the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee will have power to:
                (i)     delegate the exercise of its powers or discretions arising under the LTIP to any one or more persons (including, but not restricted
                        to, a sub-committee of the Remuneration Committee) for such period and on such conditions as the Remuneration Committee
                        may determine;

                                                                                                                                                           14
Long Term Incentive Plan

               (ii)    decide on appropriate procedures for administering the LTIP, including the forms and notices to be issued under the LTIP, and
                       appoint or engage specialist service providers for the operation and administration of the LTIP;
               (iii)   resolve conclusively all questions of fact or interpretation concerning the LTIP and these Rules and any dispute of any kind that
                       arises under the LTIP, and the decision of the Remuneration Committee is final and binding upon all persons; and
               (iv)    waive any breach of a provision of the LTIP.
       (b)     The LTIP may be administered in conjunction with an employee share ownership scheme or plan trust and for these purposes the
               Company may Allocate Shares or grant options to the Trustee to facilitate the awards made under the LTIP.
       (c)     Where the Remuneration Committee is required to make a determination or is entitled to exercise discretion in respect of the LTIP, that
               determination or discretion shall be exercised reasonably and in good faith.


14.    Amendments


14.1   Amendments to LTIP
       (a)     The Board, on advice from the Remuneration Committee, may at any time and from time to time by resolution alter the LTIP subject to
               the provisions of this clause 14.
       (b)     The Board may create sub-schemes based on the terms and conditions set out in the LTIP to apply to Eligible Employees employed in,
               resident in, or who are citizens of, countries other than Australia in order to take account of securities, exchange control, taxation or
               employment laws or regulations, or similar factors, in countries in which the LTIP is to be implemented, provided that:
               (i)     the basis on which Eligible Employees may participate in such sub- schemes shall not be materially more favourable overall
                       than the terms of participation in this LTIP; and
               (ii)    the limits set out in clause 15 will apply to Awards made under the sub-scheme.


14.2   Shareholder approval
       (a)     Subject to clauses 14.4 and 14.5, any alteration to the LTIP which is to the material advantage of Participants or Eligible Employees and
               which amends: (i) the definition of “Eligible Employee”;
               (i)     the definition of “Eligible Employee”;

                                                                                                                                                       15
Long Term Incentive Plan

               (ii)    any limit on benefits or any category of benefit that may be granted under the LTIP to any one Participant or the overall limit
                       specified in clause 15 below;
               (iii)   the basis for determining a Participant’s entitlements to, and the material terms of, Awards of Performance Shares;
               (iv)    the provisions relating to the variation of Awards under clause 12; or
               (v)     the terms of this clause 14.2,
                will require the prior approval by ordinary resolution of the members of the Company and Plc as a Joint Electorate Action, provided
                that this does not relate to the creation of sub-schemes in accordance with clause 14.1.
       (b)     For the avoidance of doubt, an ordinary resolution of the members of the Company and Plc as a Joint Electorate Action which approves
               a directors’ remuneration policy report in accordance with section 439A of the Companies Act 2006 will be deemed to constitute
               approval for the purposes of clause 14.2 in respect of any alterations to the LTIP required to effect such directors’ remuneration policy
               report.


14.3   Power of amendment – limitations
       Subject to clauses 14.4 and 14.5, no change may be made that would adversely affect any of the subsisting rights of a Participant in relation to
       Performance Shares that have been Awarded except with the approval of at least 50% of the Participants holding Performance Shares affected by
       the change.


14.4   Alterations
       (a)     Clause 14.2 and 14.3 will not apply to any deletions, amendments or additions to the LTIP to benefit the administration of the LTIP, or
               which the Remuneration Committee considers necessary or desirable to take account of a change in legislation, exchange control,
               securities laws or other regulatory requirement or to obtain or maintain favourable tax treatment for Participants or any Group
               Company, provided such deletions, amendments or additions do not affect the basic principles of the LTIP.
       (b)     For the avoidance of doubt, any exercise by the Remuneration Committee of a discretion contemplated by these Rules or the terms of an
               Invitation will not constitute an amendment pursuant to this clause 14.


14.5   Listing Rules
       (a)     Any amendment to the LTIP is subject to any restrictions or procedural requirements relating to the amendment of the rules of an
               employee incentive scheme imposed by the Listing Rules.
       (b)     Clauses 14.2 and 14.3 will not apply in respect of any amendments to the LTIP that reflect changes to the Listing Rules or the listing
               rules of the UK Listing Authority relating to the amendment of the rules of an employee incentive scheme.

                                                                                                                                                         16
Long Term Incentive Plan



15.    Issue limitations

15.1   10% in 10 years
       The number of Shares which may be issued in settlement of Awards under the LTIP on any day must not exceed 10% of the combined issued
       ordinary share capital of the Company and Plc immediately before that day, when added to the total number of Shares and Plc shares which have
       been issued in the previous 10 years under the LTIP and any other employee share scheme operated by the Company or Plc.


15.2   5% in 10 years
       The number of Shares which may be issued in settlement of Awards under the LTIP on any day must not exceed 5% of the combined issued
       ordinary share capital of the Company and Plc immediately before that day, when added to the total number of Shares and Plc shares which have
       been issued in the previous 10 years under the LTIP and any other discretionary share scheme adopted by the Company or Plc. This limit may be
       exceeded where vesting is dependent on the achievement of stretching performance criteria.


15.3   Exclusions and inclusions
       For the purpose of the limits in this clause 15:
       (a)      where the right to acquire Shares is released or lapses without vesting or being exercised, the Shares concerned are ignored when
                calculating the limits in this clause 15;
       (b)      Shares delivered from treasury will be treated as newly issued; and
       (c)      Shares that are issued to any employee benefit trust for the purpose of settlement of Awards shall be counted as newly issued.


16.    No interest or right until Award, vesting or exercise

       (a)      An Eligible Employee has no entitlement to be Awarded any Performance Shares unless and until such Performance Shares are
                Awarded.
       (b)      Unless and until Shares are Allocated to a Participant following vesting or exercise (as applicable), the Participant has no interest in
                those Shares.


17.    Ranking and Listing

       (a)      All Shares Allocated to a Participant under this LTIP will, from the date of Allocation, rank equally with all other issued Shares. If
                necessary, the Company will apply for official quotation of these shares on each stock exchange on which Shares are quoted.
       (b)      None of the Performance Shares will be listed for quotation on any stock exchange.

                                                                                                                                                           17
Long Term Incentive Plan



18.   Law, Listing Rules and the Constitution

       The LTIP and all offers and Awards of Performance Shares and Allocations of Shares under the LTIP are subject to the Law, the Listing Rules
       and the Constitution, each as in force from time to time.


19.   Rights of Participants

       Nothing in this LTIP or participation in the LTIP:
      (a)       confers on any Eligible Employee or Participant the right to continue as an employee of any Group Company;
      (b)       confers on any Employee the right to become or remain an Eligible Employee or Participant or to participate under the LTIP;
      (c)       will be taken into account in determining a Participant’s salary or remuneration for the purposes of superannuation or other pension
                arrangements;
      (d)       affects the rights and obligations of any Eligible Employee or Participant under the terms of their office or employment with any Group
                Company;
      (e)       affects any rights which a Group Company may have to terminate the employment of an Eligible Employee or Participant or will be
                taken into account in determining an Eligible Employee’s or Participant’s termination or severance pay;
      (f)       may be used to increase damages in any action brought against any Group Company in respect of any such termination; and
      (g)       confers any responsibility or liability on any Group Company or its directors, officers, employees, representatives or agents in respect of
                any taxation liabilities of the Eligible Employee or Participant.


20.   Termination and suspension

      (a)       Awards under this LTIP may only be made for a period of 10 years commencing on the date on which the LTIP is approved by the
                Company’s shareholders.
      (b)       The Remuneration Committee may at any time, and at its complete discretion, suspend or terminate the LTIP without notice to
                Participants. The suspension or termination of the LTIP will not affect any existing Performance Shares Awarded under the LTIP and the
                terms of the LTIP will continue to apply to such Awards provided that, in the case of termination, all Shares then subject to a dealing
                restriction pursuant to clause 6 will be released from the restriction on the date of termination or on such other date specified by the
                Remuneration Committee.

                                                                                                                                                        18
Long Term Incentive Plan



21.    General

21.1   Costs and Expenses
       The Company will pay all expenses, costs and charges in relation to the establishment, implementation and administration of the LTIP, including
       all costs incurred in or associated with the issue or purchase of Shares (except for Taxes which are payable by Participants and the exercise or
       Award price (if any) for the Performance Shares) for the purposes of the LTIP. Each Group Company will, if required by the Remuneration
       Committee, reimburse the Company for any such costs and charges to the extent that they relate to its employees or former employees.


21.2   Withholding
       (a)       If any person (not being the Participant) or their representative is obliged, or reasonably believes they have an obligation, as a result of
                 or in connection with:
                 (i)     the Award, vesting or exercise of any Performance Shares;
                 (ii)    the payment of any cash payment (including under clauses 5.4 and 7.3); or
                 (iii)   the Allocation of Shares (including under clauses 5.4 and 7.3),
                 to account for income tax or employment taxes under any wage, withholding or other arrangements or for any other tax, social security
                 contributions or levy or charge of a similar nature (Tax Liability), then that person or their representative is entitled to, at their election:
                 (iv)    withhold such amounts and make such arrangements as it considers necessary; or
                 (v)     be reimbursed by the Participant,
                 for the amounts so paid or payable.
       (b)       Where clause 21.2(a) applies, the Company is not obliged to pay the relevant amount or Allocate the relevant Shares to the Participant
                 unless the relevant person or their representative is satisfied that arrangements have been made for withholding, payment or
                 reimbursement of the Tax Liability. Those arrangements may include, without limitation, at the person’s or their representative’s
                 election:
                 (i)     the Participant foregoing their entitlement to an equivalent number of Shares that would otherwise be Allocated to the
                         Participant;
                 (ii)    a reduction in any amount that is otherwise payable to the Participant; or
                 (iii)   the sale, on behalf of the Participant, of Shares Allocated or otherwise to be Allocated to the Participant and where this happens,
                         the Participant will also meet the costs of any such sale (e.g. stamp duty, brokerage, etc.) in addition to the Tax Liability.
       (c)       The Remuneration Committee may require any Participant, as a condition of vesting or exercise of any Performance Shares, to enter
                 into an agreement transferring any liability of any Group Company to social security contributions in respect of those Performance
                 Shares.

                                                                                                                                                               19
Long Term Incentive Plan



21.3   Appointment of agent
       Each Participant appoints the company secretary of the Company (or any other officer of the Company authorised by the Remuneration
       Committee for this purpose) as his or her agent to do anything necessary to:
       (a)     Allocate Shares to the Participant in accordance with these Rules;
       (b)     effect a forfeiture of Shares in accordance with these Rules; and
       (c)     execute transfers of Shares in accordance with these Rules.


21.4   Data protection
       (a)     From time to time the personal data of a Participant will be collected, used, stored, transferred and otherwise processed in order to allow
               the Company and any other relevant Group Company to incentivise their officers and employees and to operate and administer the LTIP
               and to fulfil its or their obligations to the Participant under the LTIP, and for other purposes relating to or which may become related to
               the Participant’s office or employment, the operation of the LTIP or the business of the Group or to comply with legal obligations. Such
               processing will principally be for, but will not be limited to, personnel, administrative, financial, regulatory or payroll purposes as well
               as for the purposes of introducing and administering the LTIP.
       (b)     The personal data to be processed as referred to in this clause 21.4 may be disclosed or transferred to, and/or processed by:
               (1)       any professional advisors of any Group Company;
               (2)       any revenue, regulatory or governmental authorities;
               (3)       a trustee of an employee benefit trust established for the benefit of directors and/or employees of any Group Company; any
                         registrars, brokers, payroll providers or other third party administrators (or similar) appointed in connection with any employee
                         share or incentive plans operated by any Group Company; or any other person appointed (whether by the Participant or any
                         Group Company) to act as nominee or custodian on behalf of (or provide a similar service to) the Participant;
               (4)       subject to appropriate confidentiality undertakings, any prospective purchasers of, and/or any person who obtains control of or
                         acquires, the Company or the whole or part of the business of the Group; or
               (5)       any Group Company and officers, employees or agents of such Group Company.
       (c)     To the extent that the processing of the personal data of a Participant is not subject to EU Regulation 2016/679, each Participant
               consents to the holding and processing of personal data as referred to in this clause 21.4.
       (d)     Clause 21.4(c) shall not apply in respect of any Participant the processing of whose personal data is subject to EU Regulation 2016/679,
               and the legal grounds for the processing of the personal data of such Participant will (depending on the nature and purpose of any
               specific instance of processing) be one of:

                                                                                                                                                         20
Long Term Incentive Plan

                 (i)     such processing being necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the Company and each other Group Company in
                         incentivising their officers and employees and operating the LTIP;
                 (ii)    such processing being necessary for the purposes of any relevant data controller in respect of such personal data complying with
                         its legal obligations; and
                 (iii)   such processing being necessary for the performance of the contractual obligations arising under the LTIP.
                 The collection and processing of such personal data for such purposes is a contractual requirement of participation in the LTIP. Details
                 in relation to the processing of such personal data referred to in this clause 21.4(d), and of the Participant’s rights in connection with
                 such processing, are available in the Global Employee Privacy Notice (or any similar provisions of any employee privacy policy or
                 employee handbook) operated from time to time by any Group Company in respect of such Participant, and any such Participant may
                 obtain such notice or policy from their employing company. In this clause 21.4(d), “personal data” and “data controller” each have the
                 meaning given in EU Regulation 2016/679.


21.5   Error in Allocation
       (a)       If any Performance Share is provided under this LTIP in error or by mistake to a person (Mistaken Recipient) who is not the intended
                 recipient, the Mistaken Recipient shall have no right or interest, and shall be taken never to have had any right or interest in that
                 Performance Share and those Performance Shares will immediately lapse.
       (b)       If any cash payment is paid under this LTIP in error or by mistake to a person who is not the intended recipient (Mistaken Recipient),
                 the Mistaken Recipient shall have no right to retain that cash payment and the Company may take whatever steps it deems reasonably
                 necessary to seek repayment of that cash payment.


21.6   Dispute
       Any disputes or differences of any nature arising under the LTIP will be referred to the Remuneration Committee and its decision will be final
       and binding in all respects.


21.7   Notices
       Any notice or other communication under or in connection with the LTIP may be given by personal delivery or by sending it by post or fax or
       email, in the case of a company to its registered office (or any other address notified by that company from time to time (Notified Address)) or
       the fax number (if any) of that registered office (or Notified Address), and in the case of an individual to their last known address, fax number,
       email address or, if they are a director or employee of a Group Company, either to their last known address, fax number or to the address of the
       place of business at which they carry out all or most of their duties, or to the fax number or email address relating to that address.

                                                                                                                                                          21
Long Term Incentive Plan



21.8   Governing Law
       This LTIP and the rights of Eligible Employees and Participants under the LTIP are governed by the laws in force in the State of Victoria,
       Australia.

                                                                                                                                                    22
                                                                                         Exhibit 8.1

List of Subsidiaries

#                                                     Company Name                Country
      Wholly owned subsidiaries
1.    141 Union Company                                                  United States of America
2.    Agnew Pastoral Company Pty Ltd                                     Australia
3.    Albion Downs Pty Limited                                           Australia
4.    Araguaia Participaçóes Ltda                                        Brazil
5.    BHP (AUS) DDS Pty Ltd                                              Australia
6.    BHP (Towage Services) Pty Ltd (a)(b)                               Australia
7.    BHP Aluminium Australia Pty Ltd                                    Australia
8.    BHP Billiton (UK) DDS Limited                                      United Kingdom
9.    BHP Billiton (UK) Limited                                          United Kingdom
10.   BHP Billiton Brasil Ltda                                           Brazil
11.   BHP Billiton Company B.V.                                          Netherlands
12.   BHP Billiton Finance (USA) Limited                                 Australia
13.   BHP Billiton Finance B.V.                                          Netherlands
14.   BHP Billiton Finance Limited                                       Australia
15.   BHP Billiton Finance Plc                                           United Kingdom
16.   BHP Billiton Freight Singapore Pte Limited                         Singapore
17.   BHP Billiton Group Limited                                         United Kingdom
18.   BHP Billiton Holdings Limited                                      United Kingdom
19.   BHP Billiton International Metals B.V.                             Netherlands
20.   BHP Billiton International Services Limited                        United Kingdom
21.   BHP Billiton International Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd              China
22.   BHP Billiton Marketing AG                                          Switzerland
23.   BHP Billiton Marketing Asia Pte Ltd                                Singapore
24.   BHP Billiton Marketing UK Limited                                  United Kingdom
25.   BHP Billiton Petroleum Great Britain Limited                       United Kingdom
26.   BHP Billiton Services Jersey Limited                               Jersey
27.   BHP Billiton SSM Development Pty Ltd                               Australia
28.   BHP Billiton SSM Indonesia Pte Ltd                                 Indonesia
29.   BHP Billiton Sustainable Communities                               United Kingdom
30.   BHP Billiton Technology (Shanghai) Co Ltd                          China
31.   BHP Billiton UK Holdings Limited                                   British Virgin Islands
32.   BHP Billiton UK Investments Limited                                British Virgin Islands
33.   BHP BK Limited                                                     United Kingdom
34.   BHP Canada Inc.                                                    Canada
35.   BHP Capital No. 20 Pty Limited                                     Australia
36.   BHP Chile Inc.                                                     United States of America
37.   BHP Chile Inversiones Limitada                                     Chile
38.   BHP Coal Pty Ltd (a)(b)                                            Australia
39.   BHP Copper Inc.                                                    United States of America
40.   BHP Direct Reduced Iron Pty Limited (a)                            Australia
41.   BHP Energy Coal Australia Pty Ltd                                  Australia
42.   BHP Escondida Inc.                                                 United States of America
43.   BHP Exploration Chile SpA                                          Chile
44.   BHP Finance (International) Inc.                                   United States of America
45.   BHP Finance Limited                                                United Kingdom

                                                                     1
46.   BHP Foreign Holdings Inc.                              United States of America
47.   BHP Foundation                                         United States of America
48.   BHP Freight Pty Ltd (a)                                Australia
49.   BHP Group (UK) Ltd                                     United Kingdom
50.   BHP Group Holdings Limited                             United Kingdom
51.   BHP Group Operations Pty Ltd (a)(b)                    Australia
52.   BHP Holdings (International) Inc.                      United States of America
53.   BHP Holdings (USA) Inc.                                United States of America
54.   BHP Holdings International (Investments) Inc.          United States of America
55.   BHP Holdings Limited                                   United Kingdom
56.   BHP Innovation Pty Ltd (a)                             Australia
57.   BHP Internacional Participaçóes Ltda                   Brazil
58.   BHP International Finance Corp                         United States of America
59.   BHP International Services Limited                     United Kingdom
60.   BHP Investments Canada Inc                             Canada
61.   BHP IO Mining Pty Ltd                                  Australia
62.   BHP IO Workshop Pty Ltd                                Australia
63.   BHP Iron Ore Holdings Pty Ltd                          Australia
64.   BHP Iron Ore Pty Ltd (a)(b)                            Australia
65.   BHP Japan Limited                                      Japan
66.   BHP Lonsdale Investments Pty Ltd (a)                   Australia
67.   BHP Manganese Australia Pty Ltd                        Australia
68.   BHP Marine & General Insurances Pty Ltd                Australia
69.   BHP Marketing North America Inc.                       United States of America
70.   BHP Marketing Services India Pvt Ltd                   India
71.   BHP Marketing UK Limited                               United Kingdom
72.   BHP Metals Exploration Pty Ltd                         Australia
73.   BHP MetCoal Holdings Pty Ltd (a)(b)                    Australia
74.   BHP Mineral Resources Inc.                             United States of America
75.   BHP Minerals (Shanghai) Co., Ltd                       China
76.   BHP Minerals Europe Limited                            United Kingdom
77.   BHP Minerals Exploration Inc.                          United States of America
78.   BHP Minerals Holdings Proprietary Limited (a)(b)       Australia
79.   BHP Minerals India Private Limited                     India
80.   BHP Minerals International Exploration Inc.            United States of America
81.   BHP Minerals International LLC                         United States of America
82.   BHP Minerals Pty Ltd (a)(b)                            Australia
83.   BHP Minerals Service Company                           United States of America
84.   BHP New Mexico Coal Inc.                               United States of America
85.   BHP Nickel Operations Pty Ltd                          Australia
86.   BHP Nickel West Pty Ltd (a)(b)                         Australia
87.   BHP Olympic Dam Corporation Pty Ltd (a)(b)             Australia
88.   BHP Peru Holdings Inc.                                 United States of America
89.   BHP Pty Ltd                                            Australia
90.   BHP Queensland Coal Investments Pty Ltd                Australia
91.   BHP Queensland Coal Limited                            United States of America
92.   BHP Resolution Holdings LLC                            United States of America
93.   BHP Shared Business Services Pty Ltd                   Australia
94.   BHP Shared Services Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.                 Malaysia
95.   BHP SSM Indonesia Holdings Pty Ltd                     Australia
96.   BHP SSM International Pty Ltd                          Australia

                                                         2
97.    BHP Titanium Minerals Pty Ltd                            Australia
98.    BHP Towage Services (Boodarie) Pty Ltd                   Australia
99.    BHP Towage Services (Iron Brolga) Pty Ltd                Australia
100.   BHP Towage Services (Iron Corella) Pty Ltd               Australia
101.   BHP Towage Services (Iron Ibis) Pty Ltd                  Australia
102.   BHP Towage Services (Iron Kestrel) Pty Ltd               Australia
103.   BHP Towage Services (Iron Osprey) Pty Ltd                Australia
104.   BHP Towage Services (Iron Whistler) Pty Ltd              Australia
105.   BHP Towage Services (Mallina) Pty Ltd                    Australia
106.   BHP Towage Services (Mount Florance) Pty Ltd             Australia
107.   BHP Towage Services (RT Atlantis) Pty Ltd                Australia
108.   BHP Towage Services (RT Clerke) Pty Ltd                  Australia
109.   BHP Towage Services (RT Darwin) Pty Ltd                  Australia
110.   BHP Towage Services (RT Discovery) Pty Ltd               Australia
111.   BHP Towage Services (RT Endeavour) Pty Ltd               Australia
112.   BHP Towage Services (RT Enterprise) Pty Ltd              Australia
113.   BHP Towage Services (RT Imperieuse) Pty Ltd              Australia
114.   BHP Towage Services (RT Inspiration) Pty Ltd             Australia
115.   BHP Towage Services (RT Rotation) Pty Ltd                Australia
116.   BHP Towage Services (RT Sensation) Pty Ltd               Australia
117.   BHP Towage Services (RT Tough) Pty Ltd                   Australia
118.   BHP WAIO Pty Ltd (a)(b)                                  Australia
119.   BHP Western Mining Resources International Pty Ltd       Australia
120.   BHP World Exploration Inc.                               Canada
121.   BHP Yakabindie Nickel Pty Ltd (a)(b)                     Australia
122.   Billiton Australia Finance Pty Ltd                       Australia
123.   Billiton Development B.V.                                Netherlands
124.   Billiton Executive Pension Scheme Trustee Limited        United Kingdom
125.   Billiton Guinea B.V.                                     Netherlands
126.   Billiton Investment 3 B.V.                               Netherlands
127.   Billiton Investment 8 B.V.                               Netherlands
128.   Billiton Investments Ireland Limited                     Ireland
129.   Billiton Marketing Holding B.V.                          Netherlands
130.   Billiton Suriname Holdings B.V.                          Netherlands
131.   Broadmeadow Mine Services Pty Ltd (a)                    Australia
132.   Carson Hill Gold Mining Corporation                      United States of America
133.   Central Queensland Services Pty Ltd (a)                  Australia
134.   Cerro-Quebrado S.A.                                      Ecuador
135.   Coal Mines Australia Pty Ltd                             Australia
136.   Compañía Minera Cerro Colorado Limitada                  Chile
137.   Consolidated Nominees Proprietary Limited                South Africa
138.   Global BHP Copper Ltd                                    Cayman Islands
139.   Hay Point Services Pty Limited (a)                       Australia
140.   Hunter Valley Energy Coal Pty Ltd                        Australia
141.   Jenipapo Recursos Naturais Ltda                          Brazil
142.   Marcona International S.A.                               Panama
143.   Minera Spence SA                                         Chile
144.   Mt Arthur Coal Pty Limited                               Australia
145.   Mt Arthur Underground Pty Ltd                            Australia
146.   OS ACPM Pty Ltd (a)(b)                                   Australia
147.   OS MCAP Pty Ltd (a)                                      Australia

                                                            3
148.   Phoenix Mining Finance Company Proprietary Limited                                                                 South Africa
149.   Pilbara Gas Pty Limited (a)                                                                                        Australia
150.   PT BHP Billiton Indonesia                                                                                          Indonesia
151.   PT Billiton Indonesia                                                                                              Indonesia
152.   RAL Cayman Inc.                                                                                                    Cayman Islands
153.   Rio Algom Exploration Inc.                                                                                         Canada
154.   Rio Algom Investments (Chile) Inc.                                                                                 Canada
155.   Rio Algom Limited                                                                                                  Canada
156.   Rio Algom Mining LLC                                                                                               United States of America
157.   Riocerro Inc.                                                                                                      Cayman Islands
158.   Riochile Inc.                                                                                                      Cayman Islands
159.   Stein Insurance Company Limited                                                                                    Guernsey
160.   Tamakaya Energia SpA                                                                                               Chile
161.   The Broken Hill Proprietary Company Pty Ltd (a)(b)                                                                 Australia
162.   UMAL Consolidated Pty Ltd (a)(b)                                                                                   Australia
163.   United Iron Pty Ltd                                                                                                Australia
164.   Westminer Insurance Pte Ltd                                                                                        Singapore
165.   WMC (Argentina) Inc.                                                                                               United States of America
166.   WMC Corporate Services Inc.                                                                                        United States of America
167.   WMC Finance (USA) Limited                                                                                          Australia
168.   WMC Mineracao Ltda.                                                                                                Brazil

       Subsidiaries where effective interest is less than 100 per cent
169.   BHP Billiton (Philippines) Inc. (99.99%)                                                                           Philippines
170.   BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd (85%)                                                                             Australia
171.   BHP Shared Services Philippines Inc. (99.99%)                                                                      Philippines
172.   Cerro-Yatsur S.A. (51%)                                                                                            Ecuador
173.   Consórcio Santos Luz de Imóveis Ltda (90%)                                                                         Brazil
174.   Kelti S.A. (57.5%)                                                                                                 Chile
175.   Minera Escondida Ltda (57.5%)                                                                                      Chile
176.   QNI Philippines Inc. (99.99%)                                                                                      Philippines

       Joint operations
177.   Mt Goldsworthy (85%)                                                                                               Australia
178.   Mt Newman (85%)                                                                                                    Australia
179.   Posmac (65%)                                                                                                       Australia
180.   Yandi (85%)                                                                                                        Australia
181.   Central Queensland Coal Associates (50%)                                                                           Australia
182.   Gregory (50%)                                                                                                      Australia
183.   BHP SaskPower Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) Knowledge Centre Inc. (50%)                                         Canada
184.   BM Alliance Coal Marketing Pty Limited (50%)                                                                       Australia
185.   BM Alliance Coal Operations Pty Limited (50%)                                                                      Australia
186.   BM Alliance Marketing Pte Ltd (50%)                                                                                Singapore
187.   BMA Japan KK (50%)                                                                                                 Japan
188.   South Blackwater Coal Pty Limited (50%)                                                                            Australia
189.   SolGold Plc (13.56%)                                                                                               United Kingdom

       Joint ventures and associates
190.   Compañía Minera Antamina S.A. (33.75%)                                                                             Peru
191.   Global HubCo B.V. (33.33%)                                                                                         Netherlands
192.   NCIG Holdings Pty Ltd (27.98%)                                                                                     Australia
193.   Resolution Copper Mining LLC (45%)                                                                                 United States of America
194.   RightShip Pty Limited (33.33%)                                                                                     Australia
195.   Samarco Mineração S.A. (50%)                                                                                       Brazil

       Minority Investments
196.   Commonwealth Steamship Insurance Company Pty Limited (29.72%)                                                      Australia
197.   Interstate Steamship Insurance Company Pty Ltd (24.91%)                                                            Australia
198.   Pilbara Pastoral Company Pty Limited (25%)                                                                         Australia
199.   Ponta Ubu Agropecuária Ltda. (49%)                                                                                 Brazil

(a)    These companies are parties to the Limited Deed of Cross Guarantee (Deed) and members of the Closed Group as at 30 June 2022.
(b)    These companies are parties to the Deed and are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit and lodgement of
       financial reports and Directors’ reports.

                                                                           4
                                                                                                                                               Exhibit 12.1

                                                           SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

CEO Certification
I, Mike Henry, certify that:
1.     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 20-F of BHP Group Limited (the “company”);
2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
       statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
       report;
3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the
       financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4.     The company’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
       Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
       15d–15(f)) for the company and have:
       a)        Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
                 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
                 others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
       b)        Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
                 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
       c)        Evaluated the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
                 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
       d)        Disclosed in this report any change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by
                 the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial
                 reporting; and
5.     The company’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
       the company’s auditors and the audit committee of the company’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
       a)        All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
                 reasonably likely to adversely affect the company’s ability to record, process, summarise and report financial information; and
       b)        Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company’s internal
                 control over financial reporting.


/s/ Mike Henry
Name: Mike Henry
Title: Chief Executive Officer
Date: 6 September 2022
                                                                                                                                              Exhibit 12.2

                                                          SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

CFO Certification
I, David Lamont, certify that:
1.     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 20-F of BHP Group Limited (the “company”);
2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
       statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
       report;
3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the
       financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4.     The company’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
       Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
       15d–15(f)) for the company and have:
       a)       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
                supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
                others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
       b)       Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
                supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
       c)       Evaluated the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
                effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
       d)       Disclosed in this report any change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by
                the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial
                reporting; and
5.     The company’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
       the company’s auditors and the audit committee of the company’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
       a)       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
                reasonably likely to adversely affect the company’s ability to record, process, summarise and report financial information; and
       b)       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company’s internal
                control over financial reporting.

/s/ David Lamont
Name: David Lamont
Title: Chief Financial Officer
Date: 6 September 2022
                                                                                                                                              Exhibit 13.1

                                                           SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) in
connection with the annual report on Form 20-F of BHP Group Limited, (the “Company”) for the annual period ended 30 June 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer’s
knowledge, that:
(1)   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
(2)   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


/s/ Mike Henry
Name: Mike Henry
Title: Chief Executive Officer
Date: 6 September 2022

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed “filed” by the Company for purposes of §18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section.
                                                                                                                                              Exhibit 13.2

                                                           SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) in
connection with the annual report on Form 20-F of BHP Group Limited, (the “Company”) for the annual period ended 30 June 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer’s
knowledge, that:
(1)   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
(2)   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ David Lamont
Name: David Lamont
Title: Chief Financial Officer
Date: 6 September 2022

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed “filed” by the Company for purposes of §18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section.
                                                                                                                                          Exhibit 15.1

                                            Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:
(1)   Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-227431) pertaining to the BHP Billiton Limited Executive Incentive Plan and the BHP Billiton Limited
      Global Employee Share Plan,
(2)   Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-100496) pertaining to the BHP Billiton Ltd Executive Incentive Plan and Group Short Term Incentive
      Plan,
(3)   Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-141531) pertaining to the BHP Billiton Limited Global Employee Share Plan, and
(4)   Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-160636) pertaining to the BHP Billiton Limited Group Incentive Scheme;

of our reports dated 6 September 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of BHP Group Limited, and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting of BHP Group Limited included in this Annual Report (Form 20-F) of BHP Group Limited for the year ended 30 June
2022.


/s/ Ernst & Young
Melbourne, Australia
6 September 2022
                                                                                                                                            Exhibit 15.2

                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Rodrigo Maureira, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 17, 2022
/s/ Rodrigo Maureira
Name: Rodrigo Maureira, MAusIMM
Title: Senior Geologist
         Minera Escondida Limitada
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Francisco Barrera, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 18, 2022
/s/ Francisco Barrera
Name: Francisco Barrera, MAusIMM
Title: Superintendent Long Term Planning
         Minera Escondida Limitada
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Andres Naranjo, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 17, 2022
/s/ Andres Naranjo
Name: Andres Naranjo, MAusIMM
Title: Superintendent Asset Resource Management
         Minera Escondida Limitada
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Andrés Salazar, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 17, 2022
/s/ Andrés Salazar
Name: Andrés Salazar, MAusIMM
Title: Senior Geologist
         Minera Escondida Limitada
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Carlos Delgado, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 17, 2022
/s/ Carlos Delgado
Name: Carlos Delgado, MAusIMM
Title: Superintendent Geometallurgy
         Minera Escondida Limitada
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Fernando Villegas, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 17, 2022
/s/ Mr. Fernando Villegas
Name: Fernando Villegas, AusIMM REF:0087215
         Asset Practice Lead – Geotechnical
Title: Hydrogeology & Tailings
         Minera Escondida Limitada

                                                                            6
                                                                                                                                            Exhibit 15.3

                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Fleur Muller, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 22, 2022
/s/ Fleur Muller
Name: Fleur Muller, MAusIMM
Title: Superintendent Strategic Modelling
          Western Australia Iron Ore
          BHP
                                                        CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Ashley Grant, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 18, 2022
/s/ Ashley Grant
Name: Ashley Grant, MAusIMM
Title: Superintendent Geophysics and Geochemistry
         Western Australia Iron Ore
         BHP
                                                        CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Alex Greaves, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 23, 2022
/s/ Alex Greaves
Name: Alex Greaves, MAusIMM
Title: Superintendent Mine Planning
         Western Australia Iron Ore
         BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Chris Burke, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or exhibits
thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 17, 2022
/s/ Chris Burke
Name: Chris Burke, MAusIMM (CP)
Title: Superintendent Mine Planning
         Western Australia Iron Ore
         BHP
                                                        CONSENT OF QUALIFED PERSON

I, Anastasia Balueva, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore” (the “Technical Report
      Summary”), with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular section[s] identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding section[s] of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 23, 2022
/s/ Anastasia Balueva
Name: Anastasia Balueva, MAusIMM
Title: Superintendent Mine Planning
         Western Australia Iron Ore
         BHP
                                                                                                                                            Exhibit 15.4

                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON
I, Balázs Németh, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 19, 2022

/s/ Balázs Németh
Name: Balazs Németh, MAusIMM
Title: Principal Geophysicist
         BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Ozen Turkekul, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 22, 2022

/s/ Ozen Turkekul
Name: Ozen Turkekul, APEGS
Title: Principal Geologist
         BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Johannes Sondergaard, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements
and/or exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 22, 2022

/s/ Johannes Sondergaard
Name: Johannes Sondergaard, MAusIMM
Title: Manager Resource Engineering
         BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Bibek Shrestha, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 19, 2022

/s/ Bibek Shrestha
Name: Bibek Shrestha, MAusIMM
Title: Specialist Hydrogeology
         BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Cameron McKinnon, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 19, 2022

/s/ Cameron McKinnon
Name: Cameron McKinnon, APEGS
Title: Manager Process Engineering
        BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Darren Madsen, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 18, 2022

/s/ Darren Madsen
Name: Darren Madsen, APEGS
Title: Principal Mining Engineer
         BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Greg Gauld, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or exhibits
thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 22, 2022

/s/ Greg Gauld
Name: Greg Gauld, APEGS
Title: Head of Production
         BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Jacques Ouellet, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 22, 2022

/s/ Jacques Ouellet
Name: Jacques Ouellet, APEGS
Title: Principal Shaft & Hoisting
         BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

I, Manjula Dissanayake, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements
and/or exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 20, 2022

/s/ Manjula Dissanayake
Name: Manjula Dissanayake, Ph.D., MRICS
Title: Manager Project Controls & Analysis
        BHP
                                                        CONSENT OF QUALIFED PERSON

I, Melanie Failler, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarised, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333- 100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

I am responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been prepared
by me and the corresponding sections of the Executive Summary.

Date: August 29, 2022

/s/ Melanie Failler
Name: Melanie Failler, ASPB
Title: Superintendent Environment
        BHP
                                                       CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON

We, SNC-Lavalin, in connection with the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended June 30, 2022 and any amendments or supplements and/or
exhibits thereto (collectively, the “Form 20-F”), consent to:
•     the filing and use of the technical report summary titled “Technical Report Summary – Jansen” (the “Technical Report Summary”), with an
      effective date of June 30, 2022, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 20-F;
•     the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or “qualified person” (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K
      promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 20-F and the Technical Report Summary;
•     any extracts from, or summaries of, the Technical Report Summary in the Form 20-F and the use of information derived, summarized, quoted or
      referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of and/or that was
      reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 20-F; and
•     the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-227431, 333-100496, 333-141531 and 333-160636) of
      the above items as included in the Form 20-F.

We are responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the particular sections identified in the Technical Report Summary as having been
prepared by us.

Date: August 24, 2022

/s/ SNC-Lavalin
SNC-Lavalin
                                                                                                 Exhibit 96.1




Title: Technical Report Summary – Minera
Escondida Limitada
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary
Stage of Property: Production/Pre-Feasibility Study
Property: Minera Escondida Limitada
Location: Antofagasta Region, Chile
For the fiscal year ended: 30 June 2022
Report Prepared for

BHP Group Limited
(ABN 49 004 028 077)

171 Collins Street, Melbourne
VICTORIA 3000, AUSTRALIA

Report Prepared by:
 Qualified        Specific Type of Activity and Area of Accountability           Signature                 Date
 Person
 Rodrigo          Mineral Resources – Chapter 8, 9 and 11 in full,        /s/Rodrigo Maureira         June 30, 2022
 Maureira         Chapter 7 excluding Sections 7.3 and 7.4, and
                  Chapter 1-5 and 20-25 jointly with Mineral Reserve
                  QP
 Francisco        Mineral Reserves – Chapter 12, 15, 16, 18 and 19 in     /s/Francisco Barrera        June 30, 2022
 Barrera          full, Chapter 13 excluding 13.3.1 and 13.3.2, and
                  Chapter 1- 5 and 20-25 jointly with Mineral Resources
                  QP
 Andres Salazar   Geology – Chapter 6 in full                             /s/Andres Salazar           June 30, 2022
 Fernando         Geotechnical & Hydrogeology (Sections 7.3 and 7.4),     /s/Fernando Villegas        June 30, 2022
 Villegas         Hydrogeology (Section 13.3.2), Pit Geotechnical
                  (Section 13.3.1), Tailings Management (Section
                  17.2.1)
 Carlos Delgado   Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing –          /s/Carlos Delgado           June 30, 2022
                  Chapter 10 in full
                  Processing and Recovery Methods - Chapter 14 in
                  full
 Andres Naranjo   Infrastructure Chapter 15 in full                       /s/Andres Naranjo           June 30, 2022
                  Environmental Studies, Permitting, Plans and
                  Agreements – Chapter 17 excluding Section 17.2.1
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                   Page ii


                                     Note regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Technical Report Summary (TRS) contains forward-looking statements, including: statements regarding
trends in commodity prices and currency exchange rates; demand for commodities; reserves, resources and
production forecasts; plans, strategies and objectives of management; climate scenarios; approval of certain
projects and consummation of certain transactions; closure or divestment of certain assets, operations or facilities
(including associated costs); anticipated production or construction commencement dates; capital costs and
scheduling; operating costs and supply of materials and skilled employees; anticipated productive lives of projects,
mines and facilities; provisions and contingent liabilities; and tax and regulatory developments.

Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology including, but not limited to, ‘intend’, ‘aim’,
‘project’, ‘see’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘objective’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘commit’, ‘may’, ‘should’, ‘need’, ‘must’,
‘will’, ‘would’, ‘continue’, ‘forecast’, ‘guidance’, ‘trend’ or similar words. These statements discuss future
expectations concerning the results of assets or financial conditions, or provide other forward-looking information.

Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and reflect judgments, assumptions, estimates and
other information available as at the date of this TRS. These statements do not represent guarantees or predictions
of future financial or operational performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors, many of which are beyond Minera Escondida Ltda’s control and which may cause actual results to differ
materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this TRS. Readers are cautioned against reliance
on any forward-looking statements or guidance, including in light of the current economic climate and the significant
volatility, uncertainty and disruption arising in connection with COVID-19. Other factors that may affect actual
results are set out in BHP’s reports that are filed with, and furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, including BHP’s latest Annual Report on Form 20-F for the period ended June 30, 2022.

Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not undertake to publicly update or review any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events.

The production schedule data included in Sections 13 and 19 of this TRS has been prepared to demonstrate the
economic viability of the mineral reserves of the Minera Escondida Limitada property only and may differ from
production guidance published by BHP from time to time in accordance with the relevant ASX Listing Rules. See
Sections 11, 12, 16, 17, 18 and 19 for more information on the pricing and cost assumptions utilised to produce
Minera Escondida Limitada production schedule data in this TRS.

Specifically, the production schedule data for the entire life of mineral reserves included in Sections 13 and 19 of
this TRS has been prepared utilising the median of historical monthly average commodity prices and the average
of annual costs for the preceding three financial years (1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021), whereas BHP’s forward
production and cost guidance published in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules are prepared utilising BHP’s
internally generated projected long-term commodity prices and cost assumptions. Therefore, the production
schedule data included in this TRS may differ from BHP’s production guidance published in accordance with the
ASX Listing Rules.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                    June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                Page iii




Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary.................................................................................................... 20
    1.1     Property Description .......................................................................................................................... 20
    1.2     Geology and Mineralization............................................................................................................... 20
    1.3     Existing Infrastructure ....................................................................................................................... 21
    1.4     Mineral Tenure .................................................................................................................................. 22
    1.5     Royalties............................................................................................................................................ 23
    1.6     Present Condition of the Property ..................................................................................................... 24
    1.7     History of previous operations........................................................................................................... 24
    1.8     Significant Encumbrances to the Property ........................................................................................ 24
    1.9     Summary of All Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves .............................................................. 25
    1.10 Changes to Mineral Resources and Reserves between 30 June 2021 and 2022 ............................ 26
    1.11 Material Assumptions and Criteria .................................................................................................... 26
    1.12 Qualified Person's Conclusions and Recommendations .................................................................. 27
2 Introduction ................................................................................................................. 29
    2.1     Registrant for Whom the Technical Report Summary was Prepared ............................................... 29
    2.2     Terms of Reference and Purpose of the Report ............................................................................... 29
    2.3     Sources of Information ...................................................................................................................... 29
    2.4     Details of Inspection .......................................................................................................................... 29
    2.5     Report Version Update...................................................................................................................... 31
3 Property Description .................................................................................................. 32
    3.1     Property Location .............................................................................................................................. 32
    3.2     Mineral Tenure .................................................................................................................................. 33
    3.3     Mineral Rights Description and How They Were Obtained .............................................................. 35
    3.4     Encumbrances .................................................................................................................................. 35
    3.5     Royalties or Similar Interest .............................................................................................................. 35
4 Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources, Infrastructure and Physiography ......... 36
    4.1     Topography, Elevation, and Vegetation ............................................................................................ 36
    4.2     Means of Access ............................................................................................................................... 36
    4.3     Climate and Length of Operating Season ......................................................................................... 36
    4.4     Local Resources ............................................................................................................................... 37
    4.5     Infrastructure and Availability ............................................................................................................ 37
                       Water ..................................................................................................................................... 37
                       Electricity ............................................................................................................................... 37
                       Personnel .............................................................................................................................. 37
                       Supplies ................................................................................................................................. 37
5 History ......................................................................................................................... 38
    5.1     Previous Operations .......................................................................................................................... 38
    5.2     Exploration and Development by Previous Owners or Operators .................................................... 39

                                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                              June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                              Page iv



6 Geological Setting, Mineralisation, and Deposit ...................................................... 41
    6.1    Regional Geology .............................................................................................................................. 41
                     Palaeozoic ............................................................................................................................. 41
                     Mesozoic ............................................................................................................................... 41
                     Cenozoic ................................................................................................................................ 41
    6.2    Local Geology ................................................................................................................................... 43
    6.3    Property Geology .............................................................................................................................. 45
    6.4    Mineral Deposit ................................................................................................................................. 46
                     Escondida Deposit ................................................................................................................ 46
                     Escondida Norte Deposit ....................................................................................................... 48
7 Exploration .................................................................................................................. 50
    7.1    Exploration Work (Other Than Drilling) ............................................................................................. 50
    7.2    Exploration Drilling ............................................................................................................................ 50
                     Drilling Type and Extent ........................................................................................................ 50
                     Drilling, Sampling, and Recovery Factors ............................................................................. 54
                     Drilling Results and Interpretation ......................................................................................... 55
                     Qualified Person’s Statement on Exploration Drilling............................................................ 57
    7.3    Hydrogeology .................................................................................................................................... 57
                     Mine Operation ...................................................................................................................... 60
                     Projects .................................................................................................................................. 63
    7.4    Geotechnical Data, Testing, and Analysis ........................................................................................ 63
                     Geotechnical Drilling ............................................................................................................. 64
    7.5    Property Plan View ............................................................................................................................ 65
    7.6    Exploration Targets ........................................................................................................................... 66
8 Sample Preparation, Analyses and Security ............................................................ 67
    8.1    Sample Preparation Methods and Quality Control Measures ........................................................... 67
                     Methods ................................................................................................................................. 67
                     Sample Security .................................................................................................................... 70
    8.2    Sample Preparation, Assaying and Analytical Procedures ............................................................... 71
                     Name and Location of Laboratory, Relationship and Certification ........................................ 71
                     Sample Preparation and Analysis Protocol at Laboratory .................................................... 71
                     Analytical Methods ................................................................................................................ 72
    8.3    Quality Control Procedures/Quality Assurance................................................................................. 74
                     Sample Analysis Controls and Results ................................................................................. 76
    8.4    Opinion on Adequacy ........................................................................................................................ 80
    8.5    Non-Conventional Industry Practice ................................................................................................. 80
9 Data Verification ......................................................................................................... 81
    9.1    Data Verification Procedures ............................................................................................................ 81
                     External Reviews ................................................................................................................... 82
                     Internal Reviews .................................................................................................................... 83

                                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                              June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                               Page v


    9.2     Limitations ......................................................................................................................................... 83
    9.3     Opinion on Data Adequacy ............................................................................................................... 83
10 Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing ......................................................... 84
    10.1 Testing and Procedures .................................................................................................................... 84
                       General .................................................................................................................................. 84
                       Testing and Laboratories ....................................................................................................... 84
    10.2 Sample Representativeness ............................................................................................................. 87
                       Sulphide Concentrator Sampling........................................................................................... 87
                       Acid Leach (Oxide and Mixed) and Acid Bio Leach (Sulphide) Sampling ............................ 90
    10.3 Relevant Results ............................................................................................................................... 90
                       Hardness Model .................................................................................................................... 92
                       Throughput in Milling Plants .................................................................................................. 93
                       Copper Recovery in Flotation Plants ..................................................................................... 94
                       Acid Leaching of Oxides and Mixed Mineralisation............................................................... 96
                       Acid Bioleaching of Sulphide Mineralisation ......................................................................... 97
    10.4 Payables and Deleterious Elements ................................................................................................. 99
    10.5 Adequacy of Data and Non-Conventional Industry Practice............................................................. 99
11 Mineral Resources Estimate .................................................................................... 100
    11.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters, and Methods Used ....................................................................... 100
    11.2 Geological Modelling ....................................................................................................................... 100
                       Lithology .............................................................................................................................. 100
                       Alteration ............................................................................................................................. 102
                       Mineralogical Zone .............................................................................................................. 103
                       Copper Sulphide Abundance .............................................................................................. 103
                       Porphyry Intrusive Pulse ..................................................................................................... 105
    11.3 Block Modelling ............................................................................................................................... 106
                       Composite Length ............................................................................................................... 107
                       Estimation Domain .............................................................................................................. 107
                       Contact Analysis .................................................................................................................. 110
                       Capping ............................................................................................................................... 111
                       Variography ......................................................................................................................... 112
                       Estimation ............................................................................................................................ 114
    11.4 Validation......................................................................................................................................... 118
                       Visual Comparison .............................................................................................................. 118
                       Swath Plots.......................................................................................................................... 122
                       Global Statistics ................................................................................................................... 123
                       Comparison Against Blasthole Grade ................................................................................. 124
    11.5 Cut-Off Grades Estimates ............................................................................................................... 127
    11.6 Reasonable Prospects for Economic Extraction ............................................................................. 129
    11.7 Resource Classification and Criteria ............................................................................................... 129

                                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                            Page vi


    11.8 Uncertainty ...................................................................................................................................... 131
    11.9 Mineral Resources Statement ......................................................................................................... 134
    11.10Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence.................................................................................. 135
    11.11Opinion on Influence for Economic Extraction ................................................................................ 135
12 Mineral Reserves Estimate ...................................................................................... 136
    12.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters, and Methods ................................................................................. 136
                       Geologic Resource and Mining Models .............................................................................. 136
    12.2 Modifying Factors ............................................................................................................................ 137
                       Property Limits..................................................................................................................... 137
                       Project Constraints .............................................................................................................. 138
                       Processing ........................................................................................................................... 139
                       Commodity Prices Used ...................................................................................................... 139
                       Cut-off Grade Estimate ........................................................................................................ 140
                       Cut-off Grade Calculation for Mill ........................................................................................ 140
                       Cut-off Grade Calculation for Sulphide Bioleaching Process .............................................. 140
                       Cut-off Grade Calculation for Acid Leaching Process ......................................................... 141
                       Pit Optimisation ................................................................................................................... 142
    12.3 Mineral Reserves Classification and Criteria .................................................................................. 145
    12.4 Material Risks Associated with the Modifying Factors .................................................................... 145
    12.5 Mineral Reserves Statement ........................................................................................................... 146
    12.6 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence.................................................................................. 146
13 Mining Methods ........................................................................................................ 147
    13.1 Selected Mining Method.................................................................................................................. 147
    13.2 Production Tasks ............................................................................................................................ 147
                       Drill and Blast ...................................................................................................................... 147
                       Waste Removal and Storage .............................................................................................. 147
                       Ore Removal and Transport ................................................................................................ 147
    13.3 Additional Parameters Relevant to Mine Designs and Plans ......................................................... 148
                       Geotechnical Models ........................................................................................................... 148
                       Hydrological Models ............................................................................................................ 152
                       Mine Design Parameters ..................................................................................................... 156
                       Dilution, Loss, and Mine Recovery ...................................................................................... 157
                       Mining Pushbacks ............................................................................................................... 158
                       Mining Strategy and Production Rates ................................................................................ 159
    13.4 Production Schedule ....................................................................................................................... 160
    13.5 Production Rates and Mine Life ...................................................................................................... 161
    13.6 Equipment and personnel ............................................................................................................... 161
    13.7 Final Mine Outline ........................................................................................................................... 162
14 Processing and Recovery Methods ........................................................................ 163
    14.1 Process Plant .................................................................................................................................. 163

                                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                 Page vii


    14.2 Plant Throughput and Design, Equipment Characteristics and Specifications ............................... 163
                       Primary Crushing ................................................................................................................. 163
                       Concentration Process Description ..................................................................................... 166
                       Oxide Leach Process Description ....................................................................................... 168
                       Bioleaching Process Description ......................................................................................... 170
    14.3 Requirements for Energy, Water, Process Materials, and Personnel ............................................ 171
                       Energy ................................................................................................................................. 172
                       Water ................................................................................................................................... 172
                       Suppliers for Process .......................................................................................................... 173
                       Personnel ............................................................................................................................ 173
    14.4 Novel Processing Methods ............................................................................................................. 173
15 Infrastructure ............................................................................................................ 174
    15.1 Description ...................................................................................................................................... 175
    15.2 Rail and Roads ................................................................................................................................ 177
                       Rail ...................................................................................................................................... 177
                       Roads .................................................................................................................................. 178
    15.3 Port Facilities ................................................................................................................................... 179
    15.4 Tailings Disposal ............................................................................................................................. 180
    15.5 Power, Water, and Pipelines ........................................................................................................... 182
                       Power (Electric Energy) ....................................................................................................... 182
                       Water ................................................................................................................................... 185
    15.6 Infrastructure Layout Map ............................................................................................................... 188
16 Market Studies .......................................................................................................... 189
    16.1 Copper............................................................................................................................................. 189
                       Copper Long Term Price for Establishing the Economic Viability ....................................... 189
                       Supply and Demand ............................................................................................................ 190
                       Evaluation of Competitors ................................................................................................... 192
    16.2 Products and Markets ..................................................................................................................... 192
                       Cathode ............................................................................................................................... 192
                       Concentrate ......................................................................................................................... 193
    16.3 Contracts and Status ....................................................................................................................... 193
17 Environmental Studies, Permitting, Plans and Agreements ................................. 195
    17.1 Environmental Studies and Impact Assessments ........................................................................... 195
    17.2 Waste and Tailings Disposal ........................................................................................................... 195
                       Tailings Management .......................................................................................................... 195
                       Waste Management and Circular Economy ........................................................................ 195
                       Water Strategy..................................................................................................................... 196
                       Land Management .............................................................................................................. 196
                       Biodiversity .......................................................................................................................... 196
                       Air Quality ............................................................................................................................ 197

                                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                              Page viii


    17.3 Project Permitting ............................................................................................................................ 197
    17.4 Social Plans and Agreements ......................................................................................................... 197
                      Indigenous Partnerships ...................................................................................................... 198
                      Cultural Heritage.................................................................................................................. 198
    17.5 Closure Planning ............................................................................................................................. 198
    17.6 Local Procurement and Hiring ........................................................................................................ 200
                      Local Procurement .............................................................................................................. 200
                      Social Investment ................................................................................................................ 200
                      Reconversion and Developing MEL Capabilities ................................................................ 200
                      Local Procurement Strategy ................................................................................................ 201
    17.7 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence.................................................................................. 201
18 Capital and Operating Costs ................................................................................... 202
    18.1 Basis of Cost estimation.................................................................................................................. 202
    18.2 Capital and Operating Cost Estimates ............................................................................................ 202
                      Capital Costs ....................................................................................................................... 202
                      Opex Costs .......................................................................................................................... 203
19 Economic Analysis ................................................................................................... 206
    19.1 Key assumptions, parameters and methods used .......................................................................... 206
                      Mine Plan Physicals ............................................................................................................ 206
                      Prices and payable metals .................................................................................................. 207
                      Foreign Exchange Rate ....................................................................................................... 207
                      Capital and Operating Costs ............................................................................................... 207
                      Closure Costs ...................................................................................................................... 207
                      Taxes ................................................................................................................................... 208
                      Valuation Assumptions ........................................................................................................ 208
    19.2 Results of Economic Analysis ......................................................................................................... 208
    19.3 Sensitivity Analysis .......................................................................................................................... 209
20 Adjacent Properties .................................................................................................. 210
21 Other Relevant Data and Information ..................................................................... 211
    21.1 Independent Audits ......................................................................................................................... 211
    21.2 Plan Compliance ............................................................................................................................. 211
22 Interpretation and Conclusions ............................................................................... 214
    22.1 Mineral Resources .......................................................................................................................... 214
    22.2 Mineral Reserves ............................................................................................................................ 214
23 Recommendations.................................................................................................... 216
    23.1 Recommended Work Programmes ................................................................................................. 216
                      Geology and Mineral Resources ......................................................................................... 216
                      Mineral Reserves................................................................................................................. 216
24 References ................................................................................................................ 217

                                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                              June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                 Page ix



25 Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant ............................................ 219




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page x



List of Tables
Table 1-1:       MEL Main Mining Concessions
Table 1-2:       MEL Main Surface Rights
Table 1-3:       Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) – Summary of Mineral Resources Exclusive of
                 Mineral Reserves as of 30th June 2022
Table 1-4:       Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) - Summary of Mineral Reserves as at 30th June
                 2022
Table 1-5:       Mineral Resources Price Assumptions
Table 1-6:       Mineral Reserves Price Assumptions
Table 2-1:       List of Qualified Persons
Table 3-1:       MEL Mining Concessions
Table 4-1:       Principal Strategic Raw Materials Used in the Operation
Table 5-1:       Key MEL Milestones
Table 5-2:       Drilling by Type and Year (Total Escondida and Escondida Norte combined)
Table 7-1:       Summary of Metres Drilled, Escondida
Table 7-2:       Summary of Metres Drilled, Escondida Norte
Table 7-3:       Summary Piezometric Characteristics of the Escondida Pit
Table 7-4:       Distribution of Historical Geotechnical Samples by Alteration, Lithology, and Geotechnical Zone,
                 Escondida and Escondida Norte
Table 7-5:       Distribution of 2020-2021 Geotechnical Samples by Alteration, Lithology and Geotechnical Zone,
                 Escondida and Escondida Norte
Table 7-6:       Strength Properties by Geotechnical Unit for the Escondida and Escondida Norte
Table 8-1:       MEL Laboratories from Exploration to FY2022, by Service Type
Table 8-2:       FY22 Chemical Analyses
Table 8-3:       Partial Extraction Analysis (Ptxt)
Table 8-4:       FY2021 Control Samples for RC and DDH
Table 8-5:       QA/QC Results for TCu, 2008-2020, Escondida and Escondida Norte
Table 8-6:       Number of Routine and Control Samples TCu, 2008-2021, Escondida and Escondida Norte
Table 8-7:       FY2021 QA/QC Summary
Table 9-1:       Mineral Resources Biannual External Audits
Table 10-1:      Description of Key Testwork undertaken for Geometallurgical Characterisation
Table 10-2:      Laboratories
Table 10-3:      Hardness and Recovery Databases Supporting Long Term Plan, as Issued at May21
Table 10-4:      Geometallurgical Classification Definition for Hardness and Recovery
Table 10-5:      Testwork for Geometallurgical Process
Table 10-6:      Hardness Domain Definition (UG DUR) and Results for Escondida
Table 10-7:      Hardness Domain Definition (UG DUR) for Escondida Norte
Table 10-8:      Parameters for throughput Estimates
Table 10-9:      Domains Definition for Copper Recovery (UG Rec) and Results for Escondida
Table 10-10:     Domains Definition for Copper Recovery (UG Rec) and Results for Escondida Norte
Table 10-11:     Ore Types Definition for Acid Leaching Process
Table 10-12:     Ore Types Definition for Sulphides to Bioleaching Process
Table 10-13:     Leaching as a Function of the Main Sulphide Mineralogy
Table 11-1:      Lithologies Included in the Geological Model for Escondida and Escondida Norte
Table 11-2:      Alteration Included in the Geological Model for Escondida and Escondida Norte
Table 11-3:      Mineralogical Zones Included in the Geological Model, Escondida and Escondida Norte
Table 11-4:      Copper Sulphide Abundance (CSA) definition
Table 11-5:      Variables Estimated in the Escondida and Escondida Norte Resource Model

                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                 Page xi


Table 11-6:      Estimation Domain for TCu for Escondida
Table 11-7:      Estimation Domain for TCu for Escondida Norte
Table 11-8:      TCu Statistics by Estimation Domain for Escondida
Table 11-9:      TCu Statistics by Estimation Domain for Escondida Norte
Table 11-10:     Contact Analysis TCu for Escondida
Table 11-11:     Contact Analysis TCu, Escondida Norte
Table 11-12:     Percentage of Capped Samples for Escondida
Table 11-13:     Percentage of Capped Samples for Escondida Norte
Table 11-14:     Variogram Parameters for TCu, Escondida
Table 11-15:     Variogram Parameters for TCu, Escondida Norte
Table 11-16:     Block Model Definition for Escondida
Table 11-17:     Block Model Definition for Escondida Norte
Table 11-18:     OK Plan Estimates Plan TCu, Escondida
Table 11-19:     OK Plan Estimates TCu, Escondida Norte
Table 11-20:     Global mean comparison for TCu, Escondida
Table 11-21:     Global mean comparison for TCu, Escondida Norte
Table 11-22:     Cut-off Economic Inputs for Mineral Resources
Table 11-23:     Mineral Zone Definition Criteria
Table 11-24:     Uncertainty Thresholds by Mineralisation
Table 11-25:     Nominal Drilling Pattern
Table 11-26:     Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) – Summary of Mineral Resources Exclusive of
                 Mineral Reserves as of 30th June 2022
Table 11-27:     Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) – Summary of Mineral Resources Inclusive of
                 Mineral Reserves as of 30th June 2022
Table 12-1:      Block Model Dimensions – Escondida Norte Pit
Table 12-2:      Block Model Dimensions – Escondida Pit
Table 12-3:      Principal Variables of the Block Model
Table 12-4:      Copper Concentrator COG Parameters
Table 12-5:      Sulphide Bioleaching COG Parameters
Table 12-6:      Acid Leaching COG Parameters
Table 12-7:      Pit Optimisation Economic Inputs
Table 12-8:      Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) - Summary of Mineral Reserves as at 30th June
                 2022
Table 13-1:      Mine Design Parameters
Table 13-2:      Waste Dump Design Parameters
Table 13-3:      Hydraulic Parameters UH
Table 13-4:      Escondida System Water Balance
Table 13-5:      Hydrogeological Units of Escondida Norte
Table 13-6:      Escondida Norte System Water Balance
Table 13-7:      Mine equipment distribution FY23
Table 14-1:      Primary Crushers Specifications
Table 14-2:      Conveyor Belts and Equipment Specifications at Primary Crushing System
Table 14-3:      Installed Capacity for Concentrators
Table 14-4:      Main Equipment list for Concentrator Process
Table 14-5:      Main Equipment List for Oxide Process
Table 14-6:      Main Equipment List for Bioleaching Process
Table 14-7:      Main Materials used at the Mine and Process
Table 15-1:      Overview of Major Subsystems at MEL
Table 15-2:      General Characteristics Laguna Seca Dam

                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                  June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                    Page xii


Table 15-3:      Design Features for the Sixth raise
Table 15-4:      220-kV High Voltage Electrical Energy Transmission Systems with their Source and Destination
                 Substations
Table 15-5:      69-kV High Voltage Electrical Power Transmission Systems with their Origin and Destination
                 Substations
Table 16-1:      Historic Copper Price
Table 17-1:      Cost Estimates - SEC SK 1300 Regulations
Table 18-1:      Total Capital Cost by Area (Life of Mine)
Table 18-2:      Major Components of Capital and Operating Costs (100% Basis)
Table 19-1:      Mineral Reserves Physicals (100% MEL Terms)
Table 19-2:      Long Term Product and Subproduct Prices
Table 19-3:      Average Payable Metals
Table 19-4:      Financial Metrics Summary
Table 19-5:      Results of Sensitivity Analysis
Table 25-1:      Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page xiii



List of Figures
Figure 1-1:      Location of MEL Mine with Road Access
Figure 1-2:      Schematic of MEL Operations and Infrastructure
Figure 3-1:      Escondida Location Map
Figure 3-2:      Minera Escondida Ltda. Mining Concessions
Figure 6-1:      A) Metallogenic Belts of the Andes and their Main Copper-bearing Porphyries, B) Regional Geology
                 Escondida District
Figure 6-2:      Local Geology Map
Figure 6-3:      Stratigraphic Column for Escondida District
Figure 6-4:      Pit Shell and Vertical Section for Lithology, Alteration, and Mineralogical Zone for Escondida
Figure 6-5:      Pit shell and Vertical Section for Lithology, Alteration and Mineralogical Zone for Escondida Norte
Figure 7-1:      Metres Drilled by Drilling Type and FY, Escondida
Figure 7-2:      Metres Drilled by Drilling Type and FY, Escondida Norte
Figure 7-3:      Distribution of Collars by Drill Hole Type, Escondida and Escondida Norte
Figure 7-4:      Vertical Section 108,600N with Drill Hole per Type, Escondida
Figure 7-5:      Vertical Section 114,000N with Drill Hole per Type, Escondida Norte
Figure 7-6:      Lithology Model Plan View and Vertical Sections, Escondida
Figure 7-7:      Lithology Model Plan View and Vertical Sections, Escondida Norte
Figure 7-8:      Piezometric Monitoring Network in the Escondida Pit
Figure 7-9:      Piezometric monitoring network in Escondida North pit
Figure 7-10:     Geotechnical Unit and Uniaxial Compression Strength (UCS) Escondida Mine
Figure 7-11:     Drill Hole (Samples) Location for Escondida and Escondida Norte Areas
Figure 8-1:      RC Sampling; A) Sample Collection; B) Weight control; C) Sample Splitting; D) A and B Samples
Figure 8-2:      DDH Sampling; A) Sample Collection; B) Sample Distribution in Metallic Trays
Figure 8-3:      A) Core Photography. B) Photography Stored in Imago Software
Figure 8-4:      Geological Logging
Figure 8-5:      Hydraulic Guillotine for Core Cutting
Figure 8-6:      MEL Sample Chain of Custody
Figure 8-7:      Chemical Analysis in External Laboratory
Figure 8-8:      Mechanical Preparation Schema, Bureau Veritas Laboratory
Figure 8-9:      MEL Flow Chart Summarising Sampling and Analytical Protocol
Figure 8-10:     QA/QC Samples Insertion; A) Label Printing from acQuire; B) Labelling of Pulp and Checking of
                 Position of Controls According to scheme of analysis; C) Control Types
Figure 8-11:     Results of Field, Coarse (10#), and Pulp Duplicates-TCu
Figure 8-12:     Laboratory Results for TSEN59 and 62 of FY21 Campaign
Figure 8-13:     Coarse and Fine Blanks Result for FY21
Figure 9-1:      Flowsheet of the MEL Data Verification Process
Figure 10-1:     MEL Geometallurgical Modelling Flowsheet
Figure 10-2:     Geometallurgical Testing Scheme
Figure 10-3:     Spatial distribution of geometallurgical samples
Figure 10-4:     Geometallurgical Classification Profile for Copper Recovery at Concentrators on Long Term Plan 22
Figure 10-5:     Throughput Model Reconciliation
Figure 10-6:     Recovery Model Reconciliation
Figure 11-1:     Example Lithology Cross-Section for Escondida Section 108,260N (top) and Escondida Norte
                 Section 114,000N (bottom)
Figure 11-2:     Example Alteration Cross-Sections for Escondida Section 107,255N (top) and Escondida Norte
                 Section 114,100N (bottom)



                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                               Page xiv


Figure 11-3:     Examples of the Mineralogical Zones Cross-Sections for Escondida Section 107,550 (top) an
                 Escondida Norte Section 114,150N (bottom)
Figure 11-4:     Sulphide Examples of CSA Cross-Sections for Escondida Section 107,450N (above) and Escondida
                 Norte Section 114,330N (below)
Figure 11-5:     General View of the Pulse Variable, Escondida
Figure 11-6:     Composite Length Distribution for Escondida (left) and Escondida Norte (right)
Figure 11-7:     Box Plot for TCu Estimation Domain for Escondida
Figure 11-8:     Box Plot for TCu Estimation Domain for Escondida Norte
Figure 11-9:     Directional Variogram for TCu Estimation Domain 5 for Escondida
Figure 11-10:    Directional Variogram for TCu Estimation Domain 6 for Escondida Norte
Figure 11-11:    General View Escondida and Escondida Norte Block Model and Collar Distribution
Figure 11-12:    Escondida 107,900N Copper Cross-section Looking North
Figure 11-13:    Escondida Copper at 2770 RL
Figure 11-14:    Escondida Norte 114,000N Copper Cross-section Looking North
Figure 11-15:    Escondida Norte Copper at 2960 RL
Figure 11-16:    Swath Plots Total Sulphide, Escondida
Figure 11-17:    Swath Plots Total Sulphide, Escondida Norte
Figure 11-18:    Tonnage Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida
Figure 11-19:    Total Copper Grade Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida
Figure 11-20:    Total Contained Copper Tonnes Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida
Figure 11-21:    Tonnage Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida Norte
Figure 11-22:    Total Copper Grade Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida Norte
Figure 11-23:    In-situ Metal Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida Norte
Figure 11-24:    Mineral Resources Classification and Data Density
Figure 11-25:    Mined Sulphide Material by Mineral Resources Category, FY12 to FY22, Escondida
Figure 11-26:    Mined Sulphide Material by Mineral Resources Category, FY12 to FY22, Escondida Norte
Figure 11-27:    Escondida Sulphide Annual and Quarterly Deviations
Figure 11-28:    Escondida Norte Annual and Quarterly Deviations
Figure 11-29:    Mined Oxide and Mixed Material by Mineral Resources Category, FY12 to FY22, Escondida Norte
Figure 12-1:     MEL Process for Mineral Reserves Estimation
Figure 12-2:     Escondida Norte Pit and the Compañía Minera Zaldivar Lease Boundary
Figure 12-3:     Sources and Actual Destination Flowsheet
Figure 12-4:     Optimal Pit Selection for Escondida Pit
Figure 12-5:     Optimal Pit Selection for Escondida Norte Pit
Figure 12-6:     Feed by Reserve Category to Process
Figure 13-1:     Geotechnical Estimate Flowsheet
Figure 13-2:     Geotechnical Definitions
Figure 13-3:     Escondida Pit Operational IRA (ToR 23)
Figure 13-4:     Escondida Norte Pit Operational IRA (ToR 23)
Figure 13-5:     Waste Dump Design Parameters
Figure 13-6:     Factor of Safety Criteria for Pit Design
Figure 13-7:     Escondida Hydrogeological Model
Figure 13-8:     Escondida Norte Hydrogeological Model
Figure 13-9:     Laguna Seca Tailing Storage Facility Hydrogeological Model
Figure 13-10:    Escondida Sulphide Annual and Quarterly Deviations
Figure 13-11:    Escondida Norte Annual and Quarterly Deviations
Figure 13-12:    Escondida Pit Pushbacks
Figure 13-13:    Escondida Norte Pit Pushbacks
Figure 13-14:    SEC Annual Production by Process (ktpa)

                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                 June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                  Page xv


Figure 13-15:    Total Material Movement (Mt) and Average Grade
Figure 13-16:    Final Pit outlines of the MEL mining operations
Figure 14-1:     Schematic of MEL Infrastructure
Figure 14-2:     Primary Crusher System for Concentrators
Figure 14-3:     Schematic of MEL Concentrator Process
Figure 14-4:     Schematic of MEL Oxide Leach Process
Figure 14-5:     Schematic of MEL Bioleach Process
Figure 14-6:     Energy Consumption Distribution at MEL
Figure 14-7:     Water Demand Distribution at MEL
Figure 15-1:     Schematic of MEL Operations
Figure 15-2:     MEL's Main Facilities
Figure 15-3:     Regional Railway Scheme
Figure 15-4:     Regional Roads Schema
Figure 15-5:     Coloso Port
Figure 15-6:     Coloso Port Process Schematic
Figure 15-7:     Laguna Seca Tailing Storage Facility
Figure 15-8:     Electric Transmission Lines Schematic
Figure 15-9:     Water Lines Schematic
Figure 15-10:    Infrastructure Layout Map
Figure 16-1:      Global supply-demand balance
Figure 16-2:     Historical LME copper price
Figure 16-3:     Copper Supply Curve 2030 C3 Costs
Figure 18-1:     Annual Capex Breakdown
Figure 18-2:     Annual Opex Breakdown
Figure 19-1:     SEC Production Schedule for MEL (100% MEL Terms)
Figure 19-2:     Annual Cash Flow
Figure 20-1:     CMZ Located Next to Escondida Norte Pit
Figure 21-1:     In Plan vs Delayed vs Unplanned
Figure 21-2:     Volumetric delay-recover per pushback, from July to March FY22




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page xvi



List of Abbreviations
The metric system has been used throughout this Report. Tonnes are metric of 1,000 kg, or 2,204.6 lb. All currency
is in U.S. dollars (US$) unless otherwise stated.

     Abbreviation                                               Unit or Term
 #                        Mesh
 %                        percent
 °                        degree (degrees)
 °C                       degrees Centigrade
 °F                       degrees Fahrenheit
 µm                       micron or microns
 A                        ampere
 A/m2                     amperes per square metre
 AAS                      atomic absorption
 Ag                       silver
 amsl                     above mean sea level
 ANFO                     ammonium nitrate fuel oil
 Ar / Ar                  Argon / Argo dating
 ARG                      Argillic
 As                       Arsenic
 ATV                      Acoustic Televiewer
 Au                       gold
 AuEq                     gold equivalent grade
 BHP                      BHP
 BIO                      Biotite
 BK_NN                    Nearest Neighbour block model
 BK_OK                    Ordinary kriging block model
 BWi                      Bond Work Index
 bwi                      Bond Work Index (Kwh/ton)
 CCD                      counter-current decantation
 CF                       Physical Composites
 cfm                      cubic feet per minute
 CIL                      carbon-in-leach
 cm                       centimetre
 cm2                      square centimetre
 cm3                      cubic centimetre
 CoG                      cut-off grade
 ConfC                    confidence code
 CRec                     core recovery
 CRM                      certified reference material
 CSA                      copper sulphide abundance
 cspcc                    Copper grade from Chalcocite (%)
 cspcpy                   Copper grade from Chalcopyrite (%)
 cspcv                    Copper grade from Covellite (%)
 CSS                      closed-side setting
 CTW                      calculated true width
 DDH                      diamond drill hole
 densidad                 Dry Density
 dia.                     diameter
 ED                       Estimation Domain
 EDXRF                    energy-dispersive X-ray fluorescence
 EIS                      Environmental Impact Statement
 EMP                      Environmental Management Plan
 FA                       fire assay
 FCAB                     Ferrocarril de Antofagasta a Bolivia
 Fe                       Iron
 Ferronor                 Empresa de Ferrocarriles del Norte Grande
 FF                       Frequency Fracture
                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                      June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                 Page xvii


     Abbreviation                                               Unit or Term
 ft                       foot (feet)
 ft2                      square foot (feet)
 ft3                      cubic foot (feet)
 FY                       fiscal year
 g                        gram
 g/L                      gram per litre
 g/t                      grams per tonne
 gal                      gallon
 g-mol                    gram-mole
 gpm                      gallons per minute
 ha                       hectares
 HDPE                     Height Density Polyethylene
 HE                       High Enrichment
 hp                       horsepower
 HTW                      horizontal true width
 ICP                      induced couple plasma
 ID2                      inverse-distance squared
 ID3                      inverse-distance cubed
 IFC                      International Finance Corporation
 ILS                      Intermediate Leach Solution
 IRS                      Intact Rock Strength
 IT                       Indirect Traction
 kA                       kiloamperes
 kg                       kilograms
 km                       kilometre
 km2                      square kilometre
 koz                      thousand troy ounce
 kt                       thousand tonnes
 ktpd                     thousand tonnes per day
 kV                       kilovolt
 kW                       kilowatt
 kWh                      kilowatt-hour
 kWh/t                    kilowatt-hour per metric tonne
 L                        litre
 L/s                      litres per second
 L/s/m                    litres per second per metre
 lb                       pound
 LE                       Low Enrichment
 LHD                      Long-Haul Dump truck
 Lix                      Leach
 LLDDP                    Linear Low Density Polyethylene Plastic
 LOA                      Life of Asset
 LOI                      Loss On Ignition
 LOM                      Life-of-Mine
 m                        metre
 m.y.                     million years
 M1                       ore type
 M2                       ore type
 m2                       square metre
 m3                       cubic metre
 Ma                       Million years ago
 MARN                     Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources
 MDA                      Mine Development Associates
 MEL                      Minera Escondida Ltda.
 mg/L                     milligrams/litre
 mm                       millimetre
 mm2                      square millimetre
 mm3                      cubic millimetre
                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                Page xviii


     Abbreviation                                                Unit or Term
 MME                      Mine & Mill Engineering
 Mo                       Molybdenum
 Moz                      million troy ounces
 MRC                      moisture retention characteristics
 Mt                       million tonnes
 MTW                      measured true width
 MW                       million watts
 N                        North
 NGO                      non-governmental organisation
 NI 43-101                Canadian National Instrument 43-101
 OC                       Open cut mining method
 OK                       Ordinary Kriging
 OSC                      Ontario Securities Commission
 oz                       troy ounce
 P80                      Milling product size product size 150 microns
 PLC                      Programmable Logic Controller
 PLS                      Pregnant Leach Solution
 PMF                      probable maximum flood
 POT                      Potassic
 PPAs                     Power Purchase Agreements
 ppb                      parts per billion
 ppm                      parts per million
 PtXt                     Partial Extraction
 Py                       Pyrite (%)
 QA/QC                    Quality Assurance/Quality Control
 QP                       Qualified Person
 QSC                      Quartz sericite clay
 RC                       Reverse circulation drilling
 rec                      Recovery
 rec_flc                  Flotation recovery for Los Colorados concentrator (%)
 rec_fls                  Flotation recovery for Laguna Seca concentrator (%)
 rec_lixaci               Acid leach recovery (%)
 rec_sl_350               Sulphide leach recovery (%)
 ROM                      Run-of-Mine
 RQD                      Rock Quality Description
 RRR&R                    Risk Review Resources and Reserves
 RS                       Oxidation Ratio
 s2                       Sulphur (%)
 SAG                      Semi-autogenous grinding mills
 SCC                      Sericite chlorite clay
 SCu                      Soluble copper (%)
 SEC                      U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission
 sec                      second
 SG                       specific gravity
 SGV                      Green grey sericite
 SMU                      Selective Mine Unit
 SPI                      SAG Power Index
 spi                      Sag Power Index (min)
 SPT                      standard penetration testing
 st                       short ton (2,000 pounds)
 t                        tonne (metric ton) (2,204.6 pounds)
 TCS                      Triaxial Compression
 TCu                      Total Copper
 TCu                      Total Copper (%)
 tpd                      tonnes per day
 tph                      tonnes per hour
 TPH                      Tonnes per hour
 TRS                      Technical Report Summary
                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page xix


    Abbreviation                                                Unit or Term
 TSF                      tailings storage facility
 TSP                      total suspended particulates
 UCS                      Uniaxial Compression
 UG                       Underground mining method
 UG DUR                   Hardness estimation domain
 UG REC                   Recovery estimation domain
 U-Pb                     Uranium Lead dating
 US$ M                    United States Dollars (millions)
 UTM                      Universal Transverse Mercator coordinates
 U.T.M.                   Unidad Tributaria Mensual - a Chilean state tax unit being valued in Chilean Pesos (CLP)
 V                        volts
 VFD                      variable frequency drive
 W                        watt
 XRD                      x-ray diffraction
 y                        year




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 20



1        Executive Summary
        This report was prepared as a Pre-Feasibility Study-level Technical Report Summary (TRS) in accordance
        with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) S-K regulations (Title 17, Part 229, Sections 601
        and 1300 until 1305) for BHP Group Limited (BHP) on the Minera Escondida Ltda. property (MEL).

        BHP Group Limited has a 57.5% ownership of MEL, a joint venture with Rio Tinto (30%) and Japan-based
        JECO Corp (12.5%). MEL is the operator of the Escondida property which comprises two open pits, three
        sulphide concentrator plants, two leaching plants and associated infrastructure. The Escondida property
        has been in operation continuously since production start-up in late 1990 and its capacity has since been
        increased through a number of phased expansions.

1.1      Property Description
        The Escondida property mine site is located in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile approximately 170
        km south-east of Antofagasta at a general elevation of 3,100 m above mean sea level (amsl). The mine
        site and associated infrastructure is located within Chile’s II (Second) Region. Antofagasta is the regional
        capital city and an important port city for the mining industry located in the region.

        The Escondida property currently mines two copper deposits of very similar characteristics, Escondida
        and Escondida Norte, being mined by open pit mining methods. Escondida is significantly larger than
        Escondida Norte and the two deposits are separated by less than 10 km: Escondida is located at
        approximately latitude 24°16’ south / longitude 69° 04’ west and Escondida Norte at approximately latitude
        24°13’ south / longitude 69° 03’ west (Figure 1-1).

1.2      Geology and Mineralization
        Both Escondida and Escondida Norte are porphyry copper deposits, being the deposit type typical of the
        majority of Chilean/Andean copper deposits. The deposits lie in the Escondida-Sierra de Varas shear lens
        of the Domeyko Fault System. The deposits are supergene-enriched copper porphyries with primary
        mineralisation associated with multiple phase intrusions of monzonite to granodiorite composition into host
        volcanics. The deposits are related geographically and geologically to porphyry bodies intruded along a
        regional lineament which exerts strong control over the regional distribution of deposits of this age and
        type.

        An important aspect of the MEL deposits is the “supergene enrichment” which has concentrated copper in
        the upper parts of the mineralised system as a result of natural uplift and weathering processes resulting
        from the geological evolution of the Atacama Desert region. This process both concentrated copper into
        certain zones (supergene enrichment), whilst also locally oxidising sulphide minerals to oxide minerals
        (oxidation) and resulted in the Escondida district presenting both elevated copper grades and a zone
        nature presenting a range of different copper mineralized zones. This resulting zonation presents a
        general layered nature with a localised discontinuous “secondary oxide” zone overlying a more continuous
        enriched or “supergene sulphide” zone which in turn overlies a thicker “hypogene sulphide” zone
        extending to depth. Pre-mining, the start of copper mineralisation was generally located at approximately
        150 to 200 m depth below surface.

        Copper oxide minerals are principally brochantite, antlerite, and chrysocolla along with iron oxides.
        Supergene zone minerals are dominated by the copper mineral chalcocite with lesser covellite and
        chalcopyrite occurring with the ubiquitous iron sulphide mineral pyrite. The hypogene sulphide zone is
        dominated by chalcopyrite and pyrite, with lesser bornite. The hypogene zone copper grades range
        between 0.2% and 1% copper. The enrichment zone presented copper grade of up to 4% as a result of
        the supergene enrichment.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 21




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 1-1:         Location of MEL Mine with Road Access

1.3      Existing Infrastructure
        MEL has company-owned infrastructure distributed over a large area of the Antofagasta region reflecting
        the magnitude of its operational activities. This includes mineral extraction from two open pits, three
        sulphide concentrator plants, two leaching plant processes which feed a copper cathode production plant,
        two seawater desalination plants, a tailings storage facility, along with support and service facilities. These
        are summarised schematically in Figure 1-2.

        The concentrator plants are similar in terms of installed process technology and consist of primary grinding
        using semi autogenous mills (SAG), secondary milling using ball mills, rougher flotation circuits using
        conventional cells and cleaner flotation circuits using column cells. Details of the installed equipment can
        be found in Chapter 14.

        The leaching plants employ conventional solvent extraction-electrowinning (SX-EW) technology to
        produce cathode copper metal from copper bearing leach solutions from each of the sulphide leach and
        oxide leach operations. Oxide ore is crushed and graded for sulphuric acid heap leaching on a dynamic

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 22


        (“on-off”) leaching pad. Sulphide ore is hauled from the open pits and deposited as run of mine (ROM) for
        acid bioleaching on permanent leach pads.

        Copper concentrates are pumped from the MEL operation via two pipelines each approximately 170 km
        length to Coloso port for filtering, stockpiling, and shipping.

        The facilities at Coloso port are dedicated to dewatering using six pressurized filters, which reduce the
        moisture content to an average of 9% after arrival at the pipeline discharge. Effluent is treated and
        pumped to the mine site for reutilization. Copper cathode is transported by rail to public ports at
        Antofagasta.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 1-2:          Schematic of MEL Operations and Infrastructure

1.4      Mineral Tenure
        MEL holds mining concessions in accordance with the current mining laws and national constitution of
        Chile. A mining concession allows the concession holder to mine the area indefinitely, dependent upon an
        annual payment of the corresponding license fees. All leases were obtained through the legally
        established process in which judicial requests are presented to the Chilean state. This legal framework
        gives MEL exclusive exploration and exploitation rights for all minerals in these concessions and therefore
        the ability to declare ownership of the mineral resources and mineral reserves reported herein.

        MEL holds 764 mining concessions, covering a total area of 406,018 hectares (ha). There are 18 principal
        mining concessions that provide MEL with the right to explore and mine. These principal concessions,
        including both the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits, are listed in Table 1-1. The location and
        boundaries of these mining concessions are shown in Figure 3-1 of Chapter 3.

        In addition to mining concessions, Chilean law regulates the rights to use the land surface. These rights
        allow physical occupation and transit and are required in order to facilitate mining activity such as: the
        excavation of pits, accumulation of dumps, construction and use of leaching pads, deposition of tailings
        storage facilities and the construction of metallurgical processing plants, amongst others. MEL owns
        155,000 ha of surface rights and these are also renewable on an annual basis which cover both current
        and foreseeable requirements for the operation. These rights are also obtained through legal process
        presented to the Chilean state and potentially to other third party owners, including the Chilean “Consejo



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                Page 23


        de Defensa del Estado” as required. Surface rights are also renewed by the existing holder on an annual
        basis. The surface rights considered to be most significant to MEL’s operations are listed in Table 1-2.

        Table 1-1:              MEL Main Mining Concessions

              Number          Lease Name                  Company Name                    Expiry Date     Surface         Annual Rent
                                                                                                            Area           and Rate1
                                                                                                         (hectares)        (U.T.M.)2
                 1         Alexis 1/1424               Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         7,059            705.9
                 2         Amelia 1/1049               Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         5,235            523.5
                 3         Catita 1/376                Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         1,732            173.2
                 4         Claudia 1/70                Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         557              55.7
                 5         Colorado 501/977            Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         2,385            238.5
                 6         Costa 1/1861                Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         9,159            915.9
                 7         Donaldo 1/612               Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         3,060            306.0
                 8         Ela 1/100                   Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         500              50.0
                 9         Gata 1 1/100                Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         400              40.0
                 10        Gata 2 1/50                 Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         200              20.0
                 11        Guillermo 1/368             Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         1,785            178.5
                 12        Hole 14                     Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent           1               0.1
                 13        Naty 1/46                   Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         230              23.0
                 14        Paola 1/3000                Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent        15,000           1,500.0
                 15        Pista 1/22                  Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent          22               2.2
                 16        Pistita 1/5                 Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent           9               0.9
                 17        Ramón 1/640                 Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         3,200            320.0
                 18        Rola 1/1680                 Minera Escondida Ltda.             Permanent         8,400            840.0
                                                  TOTAL                                                    58,934            5,893
        1
          The 2022 rate is 0.1 U.T.M. (Unidad Tributaria Mensual - which is a Chilean state tax unit being valued in Chilean Pesos (CLP) per
        ha.
        2
          Annual payments are made at end of the Chilean tax year (end March) for mining concession in U.T.M. The total annual payment
        for 2022 which supports this this group of concessions in March 2022 was equivalent to MCLP $327 (million Chilean Pesos) or
        approximately US$ 400,000 (U.T.M./CLP 55,537 and USD/CLP 787 as of 31st March 2022 (Source: Central Bank of Chile). This
        payment is that which confirms mining and extraction rights as of 30 June 2022.


        Table 1-2:              MEL Main Surface Rights

                                                                   Unique Surface Rights Identifier1                          Area
             Infrastructure items covered
                                                  Folio        Number        Year         Register      Regional Office    (hectares)

            Pits, Waste Dumps, Leach                                                   Hipotecas y      Bienes Raíces
                                                  619 V          964        1984                                             22,084
            Pads, Plants                                                               Gravámenes        Antofagasta
            Energy Transmission Lines,                                                 Hipotecas y      Bienes Raíces
            Aqueducts, Mineral Pipelines,        1121 V          1117       2018                                             26,988
                                                                                       Gravámenes        Antofagasta
            Roads
        1
            As defined by Chilean legal requirements

         MEL also holds maritime concessions for the Coloso Port facilities. These concessions are requested
         through submission of the proposed project to the Chilean Ministry of Defence and are awarded by legal
         decree.

1.5      Royalties
        BHP does not hold any royalty in the MEL property in addition to its economic interest of 57.5%. Likewise
        no royalty streams exist for any of the other shareholders.




                                                           Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 24



1.6      Present Condition of the Property
        The MEL property is a production stage property actively operating two open cut pits, Escondida and
        Escondida Norte. Surface mining is by drilling and blasting along with shovel/excavator loading and truck
        haulage from each of the two open pits. Extracted sulphide ore undergoes crushing prior to processing in
        one of three concentrators with concentrate piped to the Coloso Port for export. Lower grade sulphide ore
        is directly deposited onto run of mine (ROM) leach pads and is processed by acid bioleaching. Oxide and
        minor mixed ore are processed using acid heap leaching. Copper cathode from the leaching processes is
        transported by rail to third party operated ports.

        Resource definition activities are continuous and ongoing to upgrade the geological characterisation that
        informs mineral resources estimation which in turns underpins the annual planning processes and mineral
        reserves estimation. The area around the current MEL operation has been extensively mapped, sampled,
        and drilled during over three decades of exploration work.

        Construction commenced on the Escondida property in 1988 with first production in 1990. There then
        followed a number of expansion phases from 1993 onwards which included the development of additional
        infrastructure to increase production. Initially these were expansions to the single Los Colorados
        concentrator, but subsequently to other production infrastructure when in 1998 production of cathodes
        from the leaching of oxide ore was commenced. The Phase 4 concentrator and tailings storage facility
        were then inaugurated in 2002. Key milestones subsequent to first production in 1990 regarding the
        development of the operations were:

             •    1998     Acid heap leaching of oxides commenced
             •    2002     Second concentrator (Phase 4) inaugurated
             •    2005     Mining commenced at Escondida Norte
             •    2006     Dump bio-leaching of sulphides commenced
             •    2007     First desalination plant commenced pumping
             •    2016     Third concentrator (OGP1) inaugurated
             •    2017     Second desalination plant commenced pumping
             •    2020     Operation converted to 100% use of desalination water

        The operations undertake planned maintenance programs and implement scheduled replacement of mine
        fleet and infrastructure components that is intended to maintain the continued reliable operation of
        equipment, facilities and infrastructure to meet operational requirements.

1.7      History of previous operations
        Minera Escondida Limitada (MEL) operates the Escondida property. Current ownership, which has been
        stable since 2010 is BHP (57.5%), Rio Tinto (30%), JECO Corporation (10%) and JECO 2 Limited (2.5%).

        Utah International Inc. (Utah) and Getty Oil Co. (Getty) commenced geochemical exploration in the region
        in 1978 which led to the discovery of Escondida deposit in 1981. In 1984 through corporate acquisitions,
        BHP acquired the Escondida property. Ownership changed in 1985 to a joint venture between BHP
        (57.5%), Rio Tinto Zinc (30%), JECO Corporation (10%) and World Bank (2.5%).

        The current joint venture undertook all the subsequent exploration and development work to bring MEL
        into operation at the end of 1990.

1.8      Significant Encumbrances to the Property
        The QP is not aware of any significant encumbrances that would impact the current mineral resources or
        mineral reserves disclosure as presented herein in any material respect.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                         Page 25



1.9      Summary of All Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves
        The mineral resources estimate has been prepared using industry accepted practice and conforms to the
        disclosure requirements of the SEC S-K 1300 Regulations. Although all the technical and economic issues
        likely to influence the prospect of economic extraction of the resource are anticipated to be resolved under
        the stated assumed conditions, no assurance can be given that the estimated mineral resources will
        become proven and probable mineral reserves. The mineral resources estimate includes both the
        Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits.

        The mineral reserves estimates are based on a Life of Mine (LoM) plan that has been developed
        according to SEC S-K 1300 Regulations and has been developed using industry accepted strategic
        planning approaches which defined the life of the mines on the Escondida property. Inferred mineral
        resources have been treated as waste. The final reserves plan is the outcome of the application of
        appropriate modifying factors in order to establish an economically viable and operational mine plan. At
        the Escondida property a variable cut-off grade strategy is applied to develop the mine plan. The mineral
        reserves estimate includes both the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits.

        The details of the relevant modifying factors included in the estimation of mineral resources and mineral
        reserves are discussed in Chapter 11 and Chapter 12 respectively.

             •    Mineral resources estimates for MEL at the end of the Fiscal Year Ended 30 June 2022 are
                  provided in Table 1-3.
             •    Mineral reserves estimates for MEL at the end of the Fiscal Year Ended 30 June 2022 are
                  provided in Table 1-4.



        Table 1-3:           Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) – Summary of Mineral
                             Resources Exclusive of Mineral Reserves as of 30th June 2022
          Copper         Mining           Measured            Indicated Resources             Measured +         Inferred Resources
          Chile          Method           Resources                                      Indicated Resources
          Escondida
                                     Tonnage      Quality     Tonnage          Quality   Tonnage    Quality     Tonnage       Quality

                                        Mt         %Cu            Mt            %Cu        Mt         %Cu          Mt          %Cu

          Oxide            OC           4.0         0.48          5.0            0.47      9.0        0.48         2.0         0.75

          Mixed            OC           4.0         0.53          9.0            0.44      13         0.47         11          0.49

          Sulphide         OC          596          0.49         1,020           0.49     1,620       0.49        5,370        0.53
         Escondida
                                         604         0.49        1,030        0.49        1,640         0.49        5,380         0.53
         Total
        Notes:
        1 The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
           purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data
           was prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical
           Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee
           future financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to
           "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        2 Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to
           BHP's economic interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
        3 Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
        4 Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1303 of S-K 1300.
        5 Escondida point of reference for the mineral resources was mine gate.
        6 Escondida mineral resources estimates were based on a copper price of US$3.04/lb.
        7 Escondida mineral resources cut-off criteria used was Oxide ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu; Mixed ≥ 0.30% Cu; Sulphide ≥ 0.25% Cu for
           mineralisation assigned to be processed via leaching or ≥ 0.30% Cu for mineralisation assigned to be processed via the
           concentrator.
        8 Escondida metallurgical recoveries for Oxide 62%; Mixed 42%; Sulphide 42% for material processed by leaching or 83% for
           material processed via the concentrator.




                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                Page 26


        Table 1-4:            Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) - Summary of Mineral Reserves
                              as at 30th June 2022
          Copper                Mining            Proven Reserves                  Probable Reserves                   Total Reserves
          Chile                 Method
          Escondida                           Tonnage        Quality            Tonnage        Quality         Tonnage            Quality

                                                 Mt            %Cu                  Mt          %Cu               Mt               %Cu

          Oxide                   OC             75            0.57                 31          0.51             106                0.55

          Sulphide                OC            1,560          0.70                939          0.56             2,500              0.65

          Sulphide Leach          OC             755           0.46                197          0.40             952                0.45
         Escondida
                                                 2,390          0.62            1,170           0.53             3,560               0.59
         Total
        Notes:
        1 The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
           purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data
           was prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical
           Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee
           future financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to
           "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        2 Mineral reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to
           BHP's economic interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
        3 Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1303 of S-K 1300.
        4 Escondida point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate.
        5 Escondida mineral reserves estimates were based on a copper price of US$2.79/lb.
        6 Escondida mineral reserves cut-off criteria used was Oxide ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu. For Sulphide ≥ 0.30% Cu and where greater
           than the variable cut-off of the concentrator. Sulphide ore is processed in the concentrator plants as a result of an optimised mine
           plan with consideration of technical and economic parameters in order to maximise net present value. Sulphide Leach ≥ 0.25%
           Cu and 70% or less of copper contained in chalcopyrite and lower than the variable cut-off grade. Sulphide leach ore is
           processed in the leaching plant as an alternative to the concentrator process.
        7 Escondida metallurgical recoveries for Oxide 62%; Sulphide Leach 42%; Sulphide 42% for material processed by leaching or
           83% for material processed via the concentrator.


1.10     Changes to Mineral Resources and Reserves between 30 June 2021 and 2022
        Mineral resources are being reported for the first time under the new S-K 1300 Regulation for the fiscal
        year ending 30 June 2022. There are no comparable estimates for the preceding year ending 30 June
        2021.

        Similarly, mineral reserves are also being reported for the first time under the new S-K 1300 Regulation for
        the fiscal year ending 30 June 2022. In the preceding year ending 30 June 2021 BHP had reported Ore
        Reserves for MEL in accordance with the US SEC Industry Guide 7 and are not directly comparable as
        the assumptions for the estimates are different.

        With the aforementioned established, it may be commented that the S-K 1300 Regulation declaration as of
        30 June 2022 is 3,570 Mt versus the preceding Guide 7 declaration which was 6,970 Mt. The primary
        driver of this reduction is the change in methodology under the S-K 1300 Regulations, which require
        mineral reserves to be reported on an ownership basis whereas previously under Guide 7 reporting was
        this was made based upon a 100% basis.

1.11     Material Assumptions and Criteria
        Material assumptions in the estimation of mineral resources are the estimation methodology applied based
        on Ordinary Kriging, the sample data preparation including data capping and the pit optimisation to
        determine the resources that have reasonable prospects of economic extraction and associated
        commodity price. The monthly third quartile three-year historic prices for copper are used to define the
        mineral resources estimate, shown in Table 1-5. Material assumptions are discussed in detail in Chapter
        11.

        Material assumptions in the estimation of mineral reserves are the classified resource model, variable cut-
        off grade strategy, mining dilution and mining recovery, processing plant throughput and yields, exchange


                                                        Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                             Page 27


        rate, geotechnical parameters commodity prices, operating and capital costs. These are discussed in
        detail in Chapter 12.

        Table 1-5:           Mineral Resources Price Assumptions

          Assumption                                                                                      Value               Unit

          COPPER - LME-Copper, Grade A Cash - A.M. OFFICIAL – Third Quartile                              3.04              US$/lb
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.

        The monthly median three-year historic prices for copper are used to define the Mineral reserves estimate,
        shown in Table 1-6.

        Table 1-6:           Mineral Reserves Price Assumptions

          Assumption                                                                                      Value               Unit
          COPPER - LME-Copper, Grade A Cash - A.M. OFFICIAL - Median                                      2.79              US$/lb
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.


1.12     Qualified Person's Conclusions and Recommendations
        MEL has mineral resources and mineral reserves supported by drilling programmes, all within the
        boundaries of MEL’s mining concessions and surface rights and close to existing infrastructure. The
        vertically integrated nature of the mining and processing facilities, located proximal to the ore body,
        provides the flexibility to add and optimise growth tonnes to existing infrastructure.

        Mineral resources confidence is reflected in the applied classifications in accordance with the SEC S-K
        1300 Regulations with factors influencing classification including but not limited to data density, data
        quality, geological continuity and/or complexity, estimation quality and weathering zones. Reconciliation
        data from the existing operation supports the confidence of resource estimates. There has been over 30
        years of production history at the Escondida property that has been used to validate and calibrate the
        mineral resources estimate and modifying factors employed. The high proportion of indicated/measured
        mineral resources and the reconciliation history give high confidence in the estimation and reporting of the
        mineral resources.

        Future work planned within the annual planning cycle is expected to continue to acquire data to both
        improve the local estimate within all mineral resources categories and extend this level of understanding to
        new volumes for the deposit as required.

        Confidence in the mineral reserves is reflected in the applied mineral reserves classifications in
        accordance with the SEC S-K 1300 Regulations with factors influencing classification including but not
        limited to mining methods, processing methods, economic assessment and other life of asset and closure
        assessments. Reconciliation data from the existing operation supports the confidence of reserve
        estimates.

        Uncertainties that affect the reliability or confidence in the mineral reserves estimate include but are not
        limited to:

             •    Future macro-economic environment, including metal prices and foreign exchange rate



                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                          Page 28


             •    Revised capital estimates of major infrastructure projects as they move into definition phase
                  studies, including two-stage smelter and materials handling system
             •    Changes to operating cost assumptions, including labour costs
             •    Ability to continue sourcing water
             •    Changes to mining, hydrological, geotechnical parameters, and assumptions
             •    Ability to maintain environmental and social license to operate

        The economic sensitivity analysis presented in Chapter 19 demonstrate that mineral reserves estimate is
        not materially sensitive to variations in the input assumptions. Economic value is most sensitive to the
        commodity price however still remains positively economic for the life of mineral reserves.

        Based on the confidence in the modifying factors and the information presented in this TRS, the QP is of
        opinion that the mineral reserves estimate is supported by adequate technical data and assumptions.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 29



2        Introduction

2.1      Registrant for Whom the Technical Report Summary was Prepared
        This Technical Report Summary (TRS) was prepared in accordance with the SEC S-K 1300 Regulations
        for BHP Group Limited to support its declaration of mineral resources and mineral reserves on the MEL
        property, comprising the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits, for the fiscal year ended on 30 June
        2022.

2.2      Terms of Reference and Purpose of the Report
        This TRS was prepared to support the disclosure of mineral resources and mineral reserves for the
        Escondida Property (MEL), for the fiscal year ended on 30 June 2022 in compliance with the SEC S-K
        1300 Regulations. This report does not include any exploration results that are not part of MEL’s mineral
        resources or mineral reserves.

        Mineral resources and mineral reserves are reported herein at a Preliminary Feasibility Study-level. The
        effective date of this Technical Report Summary is 30 June 2022.

        It should be noted that reference is made in this report to the BHP financial years using the prefix “FY”. For
        example FY22 means the BHP Fiscal year 2022 ending as of 30th June 2022.

2.3      Sources of Information
        Most of the information and data used in the development of this TRS was provided by Minera Escondida
        Ltda. and associated MEL entities as well as sourced from publicly available information. Any key
        references are provided, where applicable, in Chapter 24, available at the time of writing this TRS.

        Unless otherwise stated, all figures and images were prepared by MEL. Units of measurement referenced
        in this TRS are based on local convention in use at the property and currency is expressed in US dollars
        unless otherwise stated.

        Maps and plans contained within the document are reported using different coordinate systems. The
        following are used in the document:

             •    Latitude and Longitude
             •    UTM Projection PSAD56 (Provisional South American Datum 1956)
             •    UTM Projection WGS84 (World Geodetic System 1984)

        Local mine coordinates. Local mine coordinates are based off UTM Projection PSAD56.

        Reliance upon information provided by the registrant is listed in Chapter 25 when applicable.

2.4      Details of Inspection
        BHP has relied on the Qualified Persons listed in Table 2-1 to prepare the information and this report
        supporting its disclosure of mineral resources and mineral reserves, with the sections noted for which
        each Qualified Person is responsible. All Qualified Persons are full time employees of MEL.

        All Qualified Persons would normally undertake regular site visits to the MEL mine site on at least a
        monthly basis. The COVID-19 pandemic and associated restrictions on movement caused some Qualified
        Persons to be unable to visit the Escondida property in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this
        report. It is noted that Qualified Persons that were not able to undertake site visits in the last 12 months
        had fulfilled their site visits previously and have maintained extensive contact with site based staff through
        their routine remote work activities.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                         Page 30


        Table 2-1:          List of Qualified Persons

           QP Name        Relation to        Qualification       Professional             Years of         Responsible for disclosure of
                         Registrant and                          Organisation             Relevant
                           their Role                                 and                Experience
                                                                 Membership
                                                                     level

          Rodrigo       Full-time           Bachelor of        AusIMM                  18 years in         Mineral Resources –
          Maureira      employee /          Geology            Member                  copper projects     Chapter 8, 9 and 11 in full,
                        Senior Geologist    (Chile)            (#327820)               and operations      Chapter 7 excluding
                                                                                                           Sections 7.3 and 7.4, and
                                                                                                           Chapter 1-5 and 20-25 jointly
                                                                                                           with Mineral Reserve QP


          Francisco     Full-time           Industrial         AusIMM                  17 years in         Mineral Reserves – Chapter
          Barrera       employee /          Civil Mining       Member                  copper projects     12, 15, 16, 18 and 19 in full,
                        Superintendent      Engineer           (#324752)               and operations      Chapter 13 excluding 13.3.1
                        Long Term                                                      within the mining   and 13.3.2, and Chapter 1- 5
                        Planning                                                       industry            and 20-25 jointly with Mineral
                                                                                                           Resources QP

          Andrés        Full-time           Bachelor of        AusIMM                  17 years in         Geology – Chapter 6 in full
          Salazar       employee /          Geology            Member                  copper projects
                        Senior Geologist    (Chile)            (#332364)               and operations
                                                                                       of total 25 years
                                                                                       in the mining
                                                                                       industry

          Carlos        Full-time           B. Sc.             AusIMM                  22 years in         Mineral Processing and
          Delgado       employee /          Chemical           Member                  copper projects     Metallurgical Testing –
                        Superintendent      Engineering        (#3046359)              and operations      Chapter 10 in full
                        Geometallurgy       (Chile)                                    of total 24 years   Processing and Recovery
                                            Degree                                     in mineral          Methods - Chapter 14 in full
                                            Metallurgical                              industry
                                            Engineering
                                            (Chile)

          Andres        Full-time           Metallurgical      AusIMM                  22 years in         Infrastructure Chapter 15 in
          Naranjo       employee /          Engineer;          Member                  copper projects     full
                        Superintendent      Master in          (#3002271)              and operations      Environmental Studies,
                        Asset Resource      Engineering                                                    Permitting, Plans and
                        Management          Sciences                                                       Agreements – Chapter 17
                                            (Chile)                                                        excluding Section 17.2.1

          Fernando      Full-time           PhD                AusIMM                  26 years in         Geotechnical &
          Villegas      employee /                             Member                  copper, 1 year in   Hydrogeology (Sections 7.3
                                            Mining &
                        Asset Practice                         (#3055969 )             zinc/silver,        and 7.4), Hydrogeology
                                            Earth System
                        Lead                                                           projects and        (Section 13.3.2), Pit
                                            (USA)
                        Geotechnical                                                   operations of       Geotechnical (Section
                        Hydrogeology &                                                 total 27 years in   13.3.1), Tailings
                        Tailings                                                       mining industry.    Management (Section
                                                                                                           17.2.1)




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                               Page 31



2.5      Report Version Update
        BHP has previously reported mineral reserves for Minera Escondida Ltda. under US SEC Guide 7, but has
        not previously filed a TRS with the SEC. This document is not an update of a previously filed TRS. BHP
        has not previously reported mineral resources for Minera Escondida Ltda. in a filing with the SEC.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                  June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 32



3        Property Description

3.1      Property Location
        Escondida and Escondida Norte are in the Atacama Desert in the eastern foothills of the Atacama Desert
        and the Domeyko Mountain Range, about 170 kilometres (km) southeast of the city of Antofagasta, Chile,
        which is the capital city of the II Region (Figure 3-1).

        The average elevation is 3,100 m above mean sea level (amsl). The geographical location of the
        Escondida and Escondida Norte mining district, using UTM coordinate system, is 7,314,270N and
        7,317,667N, 490,284E and 494,281E for Escondida, and 7,320,665N and 7,322,663N, 493,281E and
        496,279E for Escondida Norte.

        Maps presented in this chapter use UTM PSAD56 coordinates.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 3-1:          Escondida Location Map


        The total area with mineral rights held by MEL is approximately 178 km 2 and is held under a mining lease.
        Areas of the active mining are located on various parcels of land within the local Municipality and leased or
        owned by MEL for operation support activities (e.g. industrial areas, accommodation villages, airport etc.).
        In addition to various freehold properties, MEL has other occupation licenses to operate.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                      Page 33



3.2      Mineral Tenure
        MEL operations are fully covered by 764 mining concessions, totalling 406,018 ha. All concessions are in
        good legal standing.

        Of this total, Table 3-1 details the 18 principal mining concessions (Figure 3-2) where the mineral
        resources and reserves are located with their corresponding surface area in hectares (ha) and the annual
        payment which was made as of 31st March 2022 (as per Chilean requirements). The annual payments are
        valued in “Unidad Tributaria Mensual” (U.T.M.) which is a Chilean state tax unit being valued in Chilean
        Pesos (CLP). As reported by MEL, the total annual payment for 2022 paid for this group of concessions in
        March 2022 with a surface area of 58,934 ha, was equivalent to MCLP$327 (million Chilean Pesos) or
        approximately US$400,0001 as of 30 June 2022.

        Table 3-1:             MEL Mining Concessions

                                                                                                                     Annual
              Lease                                Company Name /                         Expiry     Surface Area
                             Lease Name                                                                             Payment
             Number                                 Joint Venture                          Date       (hectares)
                                                                                                                    (U.T.M.)

                 1        Alexis 1/1424         Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           7,059        705.9
                 2        Amelia 1/1049         Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           5,235        523.5
                 3        Catita 1/376          Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           1,732        173.2
                 4        Claudia 1/70          Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent            557          55.7
                 5        Colorado 501/977      Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           2,385        238.5
                 6        Costa 1/1861          Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           9,159        915.9
                 7        Donaldo 1/612         Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           3,060        306.0
                 8        Ela 1/100             Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent            500          50.0
                 9        Gata 1 1/100          Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent            400          40.0
                10        Gata 2 1/50           Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent            200          20.0
                11        Guillermo 1/368       Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           1,785        178.5
                12        Hole 14               Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent             1           0.1
                13        Naty 1/46             Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent            230          23.0
                14        Paola 1/3000          Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent          15,000       1,500.0
                15        Pista 1/22            Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent            22           2.2
                16        Pistita 1/5           Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent             9           0.9
                17        Ramón 1/640           Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           3,200        320.0
                18        Rola 1/1680           Minera Escondida Ltda.              Permanent           8,400        840.0
                                                                                             TOTAL     58,934       5,893.0
        Source: MEL (2022)




        1
            U.T.M./CLP 55,537. USD/CLP 787. As of 31st March 2022 (Source: Central Bank of Chile)

                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                Page 34




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 3-2:          Minera Escondida Ltda. Mining Concessions




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 35



3.3      Mineral Rights Description and How They Were Obtained
        All the mining leases are registered in the Antofagasta Mining Registry, and their current domain registers
        are held entirely (100%) in the name of Minera Escondida Ltda. These rights were acquired to a greater
        extent through a mining concession granted by the Government of Chile, and to a lesser extent, were
        purchased from other mining concessionaires.

        Mining leases are granted for an indefinite duration; however, the mining legislation requires the annual
        payment of a mining patent in March, those that are paid to the Government of Chile, through the General
        Treasury of the Republic. In case of non-payment, the concession is subject to be auctioned at public
        auction. To avoid the loss of mining rights, the owner must pay the annual patent within the legal terms
        established by the Chilean Mining Code.

        All significant permitting requirements that support the current mineral resources and mineral reserves
        estimates are either all in place or are expected to be renewed as required within the Chilean mining
        industry practice.

3.4      Encumbrances
        The QP is not aware of any material encumbrances that would impact the current mineral resources or
        mineral reserves disclosure as presented herein.

        During calendar year 2022, an update of the Chilean Mining Code was published, in which the cost of
        mining patents is increased from 0.1 U.T.M. per hectare to 0.4 U.T.M. per hectare, applicable from 2023,
        which increases the annual payment for maintenance of the portfolio of mining concessions. Other
        Significant Factors and Risks

        All permits and approvals required to extract mineral resources and mineral reserves on the BHP leases
        are currently in place, but in the QP’s opinion, should the plan be modified in the future, additional permits
        may be required.

        There is a currently ongoing legal process against Minera Escondida Ltda. regarding a demand through
        the Chilean High Court concerning unplanned impacts upon ground water levels within the Salar de
        Atacama from historical operations. Since December 31, 2019, MEL has ceased water extraction from the
        Salar de Atacama, and currently operates on 100% desalinated water. MEL maintains that at no time did it
        exceed the limits set in the Resolucion de Claification Ambiental (Environmental Qualification Resolution).
        In the opinion of the QP this legal process does not impact the validity of this mineral resources and
        mineral reserves disclosure and is expected to be resolved through due legal process.

3.5      Royalties or Similar Interest
        There are no royalties associated with MEL that are leased. BHP is majority owner of the property and
        does not hold any royalty other than its economic interest.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 36



4        Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources, Infrastructure and Physiography
        The Escondida and Escondida Norte mining district is located 170 km southeast of Antofagasta, Chile, in
        the Atacama Desert. The mine site is connected to the city by the Camino Escondida, a well maintained
        asphalted road, which is open year-round.

        Antofagasta is the regional capital of Chile’s second region, with a population of approximately 362,000
        inhabitants, according to the 2017 Census. Approximately 44.6% of MEL workforce lives in the
        Antofagasta Region (MEL, 2022).

4.1      Topography, Elevation, and Vegetation
        The Escondida district is in the Atacama Desert in the II Region of Antofagasta. The deposit lies at an
        altitude of 3,100 m amsl in the eastern foothills of the Atacama Desert and the Domeyko Mountain Range.

        The area is characterised by its extreme aridity due to a general absence of rainfall, high solar radiation
        and elevated saline concentration in the soil. These environmental conditions cause an almost total
        absence of vegetation. The limited vegetation that exists tends to occur in limited areas of water
        accumulation, temporary surface run-off, and/or the presence of underground water bodies. No permanent
        surface flows in the area have been identified.

        The soils correspond to depositional materials without a pedogenetic development. Given its
        characteristics, it does not present suitable conditions for the development of forestry and ranching
        activities.

4.2      Means of Access
        The MEL mine site is connected to the city of Antofagasta by the paved road Camino Escondida, with a
        travel time of approximately four hours to by vehicle (car, lorry or bus) and is open year-round. This route
        also connects with Route 1 (main coastal route) and Route 5 (main route that connects Chile from north to
        south), as shown in Figure 3-1. The city of Antofagasta hosts the Andres Sabella airport that handles local
        and occasional international flights. The airport is located 26 km north of Antofagasta.

        The railway lines that connect the city of Antofagasta with the MEL mine site are owned by Empresa de
        Ferrocarriles del Norte Grande (Ferronor) and Ferrocarril de Antofagasta a Bolivia (FCAB). The railway
        lines connect the MEL mine site with the ports of Antofagasta and Mejillones and are primarily used for the
        transfer of supplies.

4.3      Climate and Length of Operating Season
        The Escondida and Escondida Norte mine site is located in the Atacama Desert, in an Andean desert
        climate, presenting extreme weather conditions such as: high solar radiation, thermal oscillation, strong
        winds, and low atmospheric humidity. This climate has the highest amount of rainfall in the summer
        months, and receives on average between 20 and 60 millimetres (mm) per year. It has a large, thermal
        oscillation between day and night, which averages 10°C (50°F). During the summer months, the mean
        maximum temperature is close to 26°C (79°F); and during the winter months, the mean minimum
        temperature is -0.8°C (17°F). Relative humidity between July and October does not exceed 30%; while
        between November and March, the average is 60%.

        The average wind speed fluctuates between 10 and 40 kilometres per hour (km/h), with maximum wind
        speed gusts exceeding 60 km/h. Winds typically present a predominant east-west orientation.

        Despite these conditions, and with the exception of certain extreme weather events, operational continuity
        is not affected, and mining operations occur year-round.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                    Page 37



4.4      Local Resources
        Antofagasta is the regional capital and is a modern city with all regular services and a population of
        approximately 362,000 inhabitants as of 2017. Numerous mining-related companies are based in the city
        and operate in surrounding areas. Antofagasta has all the necessary services of an industrial port city,
        such as potable water, public transportation, and electric power. It also has numerous shopping centres
        and good electronic communications.

4.5      Infrastructure and Availability

        Water
        Currently, most of the industrial water supply for operational needs comes from seawater, which is
        desalinated in specially designed and purpose-built plants located on the Antofagasta coastline at the
        Punta Coloso site. There, there are two desalination plants, whose production is pumped to the mine 170
        km away and at a difference in elevation of 3,000 m. The water is carried by three aqueducts, one with a
        24-inch (61 cm) diameter and two with 42-inch (106.7 cm) diameter.

        Electricity
        From FY23, all of MEL’s energy demand is expected to be supplied via Kayros renewable Power
        Purchase Agreements (PPAs), replacing Power Angamos coal-based PPA and Tamakaya, an energy mix
        from BHP’s Kelar Power Plant (Natural Gas) and the Spot Market for energy The Kayros renewable
        energy contract contributes to reduce MEL BHP's total Scope 2 emissions from FY23 and to achieve
        BHP's commitments by 2030. This contract has two providers, Enel Generation (60%) and Colbun (40%).

        Personnel
        As at 30 June 2022, MEL had 3,800 employees within which the proportion of female representation was
        26.5%. Approximately 1.5% of the MEL workforce was made up of employees with disabilities, about 8%
        of MEL's employees were members of indigenous communities, and 44.6% of its workforce lived in the
        Antofagasta Region in which MEL is located (excluding contractors). In addition, as at 30 June 2022, MEL
        had engaged nearly 14,000 contractors, distributed among nearly 350 collaborating companies.

        Supplies
        The majority of supplies used at the MEL operation are sourced from within Chile. The principal strategic
        raw materials used in the operation, being those that without which the continuity of production could be
        affected, are shown in Table 4-1.

        Table 4-1:           Principal Strategic Raw Materials Used in the Operation
          Key Supplies               Origin
          Diesel                     United States
          Acid                       Chile, Perú
          Lime                       Chile
          Grinding Balls             Chile, Perú, China
          Mill Liners                Chile
          Blasting Supplies          Chile
          Tyres                      United States, Japan
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 38



5        History

5.1      Previous Operations
        In 1978, Utah International Inc. and Getty Oil Co. formed a temporary partnership called the Atacama
        Project for the purpose of exploring porphyry copper deposits beneath the sedimentary and volcanic cover
        in northern Chile, between Calama and Copiapó. Between 1978 and 1981, an extensive surface
        geochemical exploration campaign was carried out that identified different exploration targets, including
        the Escondida area.

        In 1981, a drilling campaign was carried out that led to the discovery of the Escondida deposit.
        Subsequently, a drilling campaign was carried out to delineate the deposit. Prior to its discovery, there was
        no evidence of significant mining activities in the area. Key steps in the history of the ownership of MEL
        are the following:

             •    In 1984, Utah and Getty were jointly acquired by BHP and Texaco, which subsequently sold its
                  shares to BHP.
             •    In 1985, the ownership of MEL was formalised to be BHP (57.5%); Rio Tinto Zinc (30%); JECO
                  (10%), and World Bank (2.5%).
             •    In 2001, BHP merged with Billiton to form BHP Billiton.
             •    In 2010, JECO ltd. acquired the part of the World Bank that belonged to BHP Billiton.
             •    In 2017, BHP Billiton was renamed BHP.

        Currently, MEL’s owners are: BHP (57.5%), Rio Tinto (30%), JECO Corporation (10%), and JECO 2 Ltd.
        (2.5%).

        In 1989, construction began on the first concentrator plant (Los Colorados) with an ore processing
        capacity of 35,000 tonnes per day (tpd). In mid-1993, MEL started its Phase 1 expansion, increasing the
        ore processing capacity from 35,000 to 37,500 tpd. In August 1994, Phase 2 began, increasing the
        processing capacity to 55,000 tpd. A year later, in August 1995, Phase 3 began, increasing processing
        capacity to 105,000 tpd. In 1997, Phase 3.5 increased from 105,000 to 127,500 tpd. Table 5-1 shows the
        historical MEL milestones.

        Table 5-1:          Key MEL Milestones
           Milestone                                                                                        Year
           Escondida deposit discovery                                                                      1981
           BHP acquires Utah.                                                                               1984
           Official inauguration of Minera Escondida Ltda.                                                  1991
           Start-up of Phase 1 Escondida expansion                                                          1993
           Start-up of Phase 2 Escondida expansion                                                          1994
           Start-up of Phase 3 Escondida expansion                                                          1996
           Start-up of Phase 3.5 expansion add leaching of oxides at Escondida,                             1998
           Start-up of Phase 4 Escondida expansion. Los Colorados plant and Laguna Seca
                                                                                                            2002
           increase production to 236,000 kilotonnes per day (ktpd).
           Start-up Escondida Norte mine                                                                    2005
           Sulphide leaching process are inaugurated                                                        2006
           Desalination plant (P0) is completed – 500l/s capacity                                           2007
           Begin construction of the Organic Growth Project 1 (OGP1) and Oxide Leach Area
                                                                                                            2012
           Project (OLAP) projects is announced
           Escondida Ore Access starts production                                                           2012
           Construction of MEL's second desalination plant is announced                                     2013
           BHP assigns the construction contract for the Kelar power plant                                  2013

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                         Page 39


           Milestone                                                                                            Year
           Start-up Oxide Leach Area Project (OLAP)                                                             2014
           Construction of the Kelar power plant begins                                                         2014
           Escondida's OGP1 project starts operation                                                            2015
           Inauguration of OGP1, third copper concentrator,                                                     2016
           The Kelar gas-fired power plant, built to supply Minera Escondida and other BHP mines                2016
           Completion of water extraction from Punta Negra                                                      2017
           Second desalination plant, EWS, starts with a capacity 2,500 l/s                                     2017
           EWS expansion adding 833l/s                                                                          2019
           100% use of desalinated water for processes                                                          2020
           Renewable power purchase agreements announced with 100% of MEL’s energy to come
                                                                                                                2020
           from renewable energy from FY23
        Source: MEL (2022)


5.2      Exploration and Development by Previous Owners or Operators
        From 1981 to 2022, multiple exploration drilling programmes targeting copper mineralisation on the project
        have been undertaken. In recent years the overall drilling program has stabilised in terms of the total
        annual drilling required to support the ongoing annual mine planning cycle. All drilling has been completed
        by MEL either under its current holding, or via previous holdings (prior to 1984).

        Several different drilling techniques have been implemented by MEL, including diamond core drilling
        (DDH), percussion drilling (DTH), reverse circulation drilling (RC), and minor conventional rotary drilling.
        From 1981 to 2022, 8,596 drill holes, totalling 2,691,948 m, were drilled across the combined Escondida
        and Escondida Norte deposits. Table 5-2 summarizes the drilling by type and year of drilling. Rotary drill
        information is minimal and not material to geological evaluation and resource estimation.

        MEL has not used data from early DTH drilling for resource modelling due to the low confidence in the
        sampling associated with this older drilling technique potentially resulting in downhole contamination and
        poor quality data. In the QP’s opinion this drilling technique is not appropriate for mineral resources
        estimation purposes. It is the QP’s opinion that the exclusion of DTH from the estimate is not material.

        Additional details on the exploration history can be found in Chapter 7.

        Table 5-2:           Drilling by Type and Year (Total Escondida and Escondida Norte combined)
          Year                   DDH                    RC                        RC-DDH         Total Metres
                 EXP81-86              55,059                     -                    61,527         116,587
                  FY90                    -                    2,461                        -          2,461
                 FY91-92                1,339                  2,962                   5,168           9,469
                  FY93                    -                    2,999                        -          2,999
                 FY93-94                8,106                 14,815                   28,098         51,018
                  FY95                  1,323                   250                    30,565         32,138
                  FY96                    -                    3,462                        -          3,462
                  FY97                 11,152                  4,012                       600        15,763
                  FY98                   805                   2,570                   7,975          11,350
                  FY99                  4,513                  9,554                   5,104          19,171
                  FY00                 18,197                 42,388                   40,792         101,377
                  FY01                 33,169                 103,572                  95,956         232,697
                  FY02                 16,015                 60,708                   16,925         93,648
                  FY03                 22,727                 39,366                   15,008         77,100
                  FY04                 23,933                 30,368                   27,277         81,578

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                             Page 40



          Year                     DDH                   RC                        RC-DDH           Total Metres
                  FY05                    27,375               55,135                    24,886          107,396
                  FY06                    21,092               33,056                    47,255          101,403
                  FY07                     9,315               36,138                    45,625          91,078
                  FY08                    20,340               60,800                    72,996          154,137
                  FY09                    46,251               54,358                    70,880          171,490
                  FY10                    55,621               40,390                   262,791          358,802
                  FY11                    62,121               36,844                   165,807          264,773
                  FY12                    83,492               24,596                   102,921          211,009
                  FY13                    33,566               11,564                    45,042          90,172
                  FY14                    24,462               12,158                    32,231          68,851
                  FY15                    38,683               12,652                    18,138          69,473
                  FY16                    20,335                6,676                    8,489           35,499
                  FY17                    27,030                4,746                    2,900           34,676
                  FY18                    24,841                2,594                    3,654           31,089
                  FY19                    14,529                3,194                    4,580           22,303
                  FY20                    14,141                3,756                       760          18,657
                  FY21                     6,712                3,610                       ―            10,322
                  Total                  726,244               721,754                  1,243,949       2,691,948
        Note: This table excludes DTH drill holes.




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 41



6        Geological Setting, Mineralisation, and Deposit

6.1      Regional Geology
        The Escondida district, which principally comprises the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits, is
        located in northern Chile in the Antofagasta Region, forming part of the Upper Eocene - Oligocene age (43
        - 31 million years (Ma)) copper porphyry belt that forms one of the most important regional copper districts
        in the world. Numerous Cu-Mo deposits and prospects have been identified within this belt, including the
        Chuquicamata and Escondida deposits (Figure 6-1A).

        The Upper Eocene-Oligocene porphyry belt extends for more than 1,400 km along the Domeyko Range
        from the Peruvian border (18°S) to latitude 31°S (Figure 6-1A). The Domeyko Range is the result of
        compressional deformation processes that started at the beginning of the Upper Cretaceous and
        culminated during the Inca compressional phase in the Upper Eocene - Lower Oligocene. These events
        gave rise to the Domeyko Fault System (Mpodozis et al., 1993) that played a fundamental role in the
        emplacement of the porphyry systems.

        The Escondida district can be defined as a north-south trending structural belt 70 km wide and 120 km
        long (Wong, C., 2013), composed of a series of structural elements developed under an east-west
        shortening regime, normal to the convergence zone and low evidence of north-south transcurrent
        deformation. In this deformational scenario, the copper deposits of the Escondida cluster are preferentially
        located on the eastern edge of the Escondida - Sierra de Varas shear lens of the Domeyko Fault System.

        Figure 6-1 shows a Regional Geologic Map (Mpodozis, C. and Cornejo, P., 2012), where the shear lenses
        delimited by the Sierra de Varas Fault to the west and La Escondida Fault to the east (locally correlated
        with the Portezuelo - Panadero Fault) are observed.

        The lithological units present in the Escondida District correspond mainly to sedimentary, volcanic, and
        intrusive units, whose ages range from Upper Palaeozoic to Eocene (Figure 6-1). These lithological units
        are described according to their ages discussed below.

        Maps presented in this chapter use local mine coordinates unless otherwise stated

        Palaeozoic
        Palaeozoic rocks are characterised by a series of isolated basement blocks (300-270 Ma), which form the
        core of the Domeyko Cordillera (Mpodozis, C. and Cornejo, P., 2012) (Figure 6-1). These blocks are
        limited to the west by the Escondida shear lens.

        Mesozoic
        Mesozoic rocks are represented by continental sedimentary and intrusive rocks, which are located mainly
        in the Escondida-Sierra de Varas shear lens. The continental sedimentary rocks have been assigned to
        the Upper Triassic-Lower Cretaceous and are more than 9 km thick in the Salar de Atacama depression.

        The intrusive rocks are pyroxene gabbro, diorites, and hornblende-pyroxene monzodiorites, which are
        related to a Late Cretaceous (81-71 Ma) intrusion. These units intruded continental sedimentary strata
        (Figure 6-1).

        Cenozoic
        The Cenozoic rocks are mainly volcanic and intrusive rocks. The volcanic rocks have been assigned to the
        Palaeocene-Early Eocene (59-53 Ma) (Marinovic et al., 1995; Richards et al., 2001; Urzúa, 2009), and
        represent the localised and recurrent magmatic activity east of the frontal arc of the Andes (Figure 6-1B)
        during the Late Cretaceous-Early Palaeocene (85-50 Ma).


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                               Page 42




        Source: A) Sillitoe and Perelló, 2005, B) Mpodozis and Cornejo, 2012.
        Coordinate system: Latitude – Longitude

        Figure 6-1:          A) Metallogenic Belts of the Andes and their Main Copper-bearing Porphyries,
                             B) Regional Geology Escondida District




                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 43


        The earliest Eocene magmatism event in the Escondida district is represented by Monzodiorites and
        Granodiorites (44-41 Ma) emplaced in the Escondida-Sierra de Varas shear lens north of Escondida
        (Marinovic et al., 1995; Richards et al., 2001; Urzúa, 2009) (Figure 6-1).

        The second episode of Eocene-Oligocene magmatism began with the intrusion of a group of small bodies
        along the Escondida Fault. These rocks correspond mainly to dioritic stocks with U-Pb ages of 39-38 Ma
        (Richards et al., 2001; Urzúa, 2009), which intruded the volcanic rocks of the Escondida-Sierra de Varas
        shear lens (late Palaeocene-Early Oligocene) and the Palaeozoic basement of the Imilac block
        (Figure 6-1B) (Mpodozis, C. and Cornejo, P., 2012). The distribution of these bodies indicates that
        probably are apophyses of a larger pluton (Mpodozis, C. and Cornejo, P., 2012). A slightly younger group,
        38-37 Ma, of NE to N-NE oriented porphyries were emplaced near the Escondida Fault. These porphyries
        are recognised at Zaldívar, Escondida, Escondida Norte, Pinta Verde and Baker (Richards et al., 2001;
        Urzúa, 2009; Hervé et al., 2012) (Figure 6-1B).

        The last magmatism in the Escondida district was related to the intrusion, immediately east of the
        Escondida fault, of the Escondida East and Pampa Escondida porphyries between 36-34.5 Ma, (Hervé et
        al., 2012) (Figure 6-1).

6.2      Local Geology
        The local geology comprises two major geological environments (Figure 6-2); the first, located to the east,
        is characterised by basement rocks of the Palaeozoic La Tabla Formation. The second, located to the
        west, is characterised by the Mesozoic sedimentary sequence of El Profeta Formation, Santa Ana
        Formation and Augusta Victoria Formation, (Figure 6-2).

        The La Tabla Formation is formed by andesitic and rhyolitic volcanic rocks. Their intrusive
        contemporaneous rocks (Monzogranites, Tonalites, Quartz Diorites) have a calc-alkaline composition
        (Richards et al., 2001; Urzúa, 2009). Ages range from Late Carboniferous to Early Permian and represent
        the host rock of the Escondida Este, Escondida Norte-Zaldívar, and Pampa Escondida deposits.

        El Profeta and Santa Ana Formations (Maksaev et al., 1991), are a marine carbonate and continental
        clastic sequence, with ages between the Upper Triassic and Lower Cretaceous. These units were
        accumulated in the back arc-basin upon the Palaeozoic-Triassic basement.

        The Augusta Victoria Formation is characterised by calc-alkaline andesitic flows, dated by zircon U-Pb at
        ~ 58 to 53 Ma (Urzúa, 2009).

        The oldest post-Palaeozoic intrusive rocks in the Escondida district are Alkaline Gabbro and Diorites,
        Monzodiorites, Monzonite and Granite of Late Cretaceous age (~ 77-72 Ma; U-Pb zircon). Two additional
        gabbro to granite complexes of Late Cretaceous to Early Palaeocene are also recognised along the
        western side of the Escondida district (Urzúa, 2009).

        The next intrusive activity in the district resulted in epizonal complexes associated with the porphyry
        copper deposits (Hervé et al, 2012). It started with stocks of fine-grained hornblende diorite and
        hornblende monzodiorites, covering an area of 45 km2 in the north-western part of the district (Figure 6-2).
        U-Pb zircon dates indicate ages ranging between ~ 43 to 41 Ma (Urzúa, 2009) and ~ 38-36 Ma Ar / Ar
        ages (Richards et al., 2001). The ore-related intrusions in the Escondida deposit are multiphase biotite
        granodiorite porphyries, with zircon U-Pb ages between ~ 38 and 34.5 Ma (Hervé et al 2012). The last
        intrusion was the rhyolite porphyry at Escondida Este dated at ~ 34 Ma (Hervé et al, 2012). Escondida
        Este is a deeper extension to the southeast of the Escondida deposit, overlapping each other in space, but
        distinguished by distinctly later intrusive pulses.

        Immediately east of Escondida and Escondida Norte, a thick sequence of sedimentary and andesitic rocks
        can be identified (Figure 6-2). These rocks outcrop in the foothills immediately adjacent to the Hamburg


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 44


        reverse fault with NW convergence (Figure 6-2), where they were identified as “San Carlos strata” by
        Urzúa, 2009. This unit has a maximum thickness of 1,200 m and includes greenish-grey and red
        sandstones and conglomerates, which in their upper parts are intercalated with a cumulative thickness of
        up to 500 m of andesitic laharic breccia, ignimbrite, and subsidiary flows, which reported two U-Pb zircon
        Ages of 38.0 ± 2.1 and 37.7 ± 0.6 Ma (Urzúa, 2009).

        The final stratigraphic unit in the district is the Pampa de Mulas Formation, which corresponds to an
        extended, flat and stratified, poorly consolidated, piedmont gravel sequence of mass flow origin, which is
        up to 240 m thick. Near the deposits, the sequence contains abundant clasts of altered rocks, especially
        advanced argillic lithocaps. It is assigned to the Oligocene to middle Miocene interval by Marinovic et al.
        (1995) and Urzúa (2009), which agreed well with ages of 8.7 ± 0.4 to 4.2 ± 0.2 Ma for the overlying felsic
        air-fall tuff horizons at Escondida and Zaldívar (Alpers and Brimhall, 1988; Morales, 2009).

        The major faults and associated fold axes in the Escondida district are parallel and N to NNE-trending
        structures (Mpodozis et al., 1993b; Marinovic et al., 1995; Richards et al., 2001; Urzúa, 2009; Figure 6-2).
        These faults constitute the eastern portion of a shear lens ~ 180 km long and up to 20 km wide (Mpodozis
        et al., 1993). In the Escondida district, the most prominent fault is Portezuelo-Panadero, this is a reverse
        structure with a dip of 65 ° E that contacts the La Tabla Formation over the Augusta Victoria Formation
        units (Navarro et al., 2009; Urzúa, 2009; Figure 6-2).

        Geological descriptions for each deposit (or group of deposits) are summarised below.




        Source: Hervé et al, 2012)
        Coordinate system: UTM WGS84

        Figure 6-2:         Local Geology Map


        Figure 6-3 details the stratigraphic column and presents the relationships between the different units and
        their correlation with the formations and complexes described.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 45




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 6-3:          Stratigraphic Column for Escondida District

6.3      Property Geology
        All mineral deposits in the Escondida cluster are related to multiphase biotite Granodiorite Porphyry
        stocks, which were preceded by diorite to monzodiorite intrusives, closely associated with magmatic-
        hydrothermal breccias typically of high Cu grade (Hervé et al, 2012)..

        The early porphyry phases consistently host the highest-grade Cu mineralisation. Alteration-mineralisation
        events at Escondida are distributed from a zone at depth with a potassic association and grey sericite
        alteration overlain by chalcopyrite and bornite. Then, more pyritic zones of chlorite-sericite and sericite are
        recognised at intermediate levels and superficially shallow advanced argillic shallow developments with
        remnants of old lithocap that may have reached a total extent of 200 square kilometres (km 2), associated
        with high sulphidation copper sulphide mineralisation, much of it in enargite-rich massive sulphide veins.

        Hervé et al, 2012, indicate that the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits, formed between ~ 38 to 36
        Ma, and have a deep telescoping process, while the earlier Chimborazo (~ 41 Ma), and later mineralised
        bodies, such as Escondida Este and Pampa Escondida (~ 36-34 Ma), show only minor telescoping,
        suggesting that uplift and erosion of the maximum Inca deformation, occurred between 38 and 36 Ma.

        The Portezuelo-Panadero and subsidiary longitudinal faults in the district were subjected to sinistral
        transpression prior to the formation of the deposit (before 41 Ma), which resulted in clockwise block
        rotation that was responsible for the initial synorogenic generation and filling of the San Carlos
        depocenter. The Escondida district was then subjected to transient dextral transpression during the
        emplacement of NNE to NE oriented porphyry copper intrusions with associated alteration and
        mineralisation (~38 - 34.5 Ma). The dextral regime had disappeared by the time of emplacement of a late
        N-trending mineralised rhyolite porphyry at Escondida Este and was replaced by transient sinistral
        transpression during the final stage of formation of NW-trending high and intermediate sulphidation,
        massive sulphide veins and phreatic breccia dikes. Since 41 Ma, faults in the district have not undergone
        appreciable displacement, because none of the porphyry copper deposits show significant lateral, or
        vertical, displacement.

        Uplift and erosion characterised the late Oligocene to early Miocene, during which the extensive earlier
        lithocap was largely stripped and incorporated as detritus into a sequence of coarse piedmont gravel


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 46


        (Wong, 2013). Development of leached hematitic horizons and chalcocite-enriched zones, along with
        subsidiary copper oxide ore, was active beneath the topographic highs at Escondida, Escondida Norte-
        Zaldívar, and to a lesser extent, Chimborazo from ~ 18 to 14 Ma. It is noted, however, that this supergene
        activity was much less important in the gravel-covered and topographically lower Pampa Escondida
        deposit. After ~ 14 Ma, supergene processes were restricted by the occurrence of hyper aridity in much of
        northern Chile.

6.4      Mineral Deposit
        The Escondida cluster is formed by the Escondida (including Escondida Este) and Escondida Norte -
        Zaldívar porphyry copper deposits (Figure 6-2). The latter corresponds to the same ore body mined by two
        different companies and operations. Additionally, the porphyry copper deposits of Chimborazo and
        Pampa Escondida, as well as Pinta Verde, have been recognised.

        Escondida Deposit
        Lithology
        Escondida includes two porphyry copper mineralised centres. Escondida, which is hosted in andesitic
        flows and subordinate breccias of the Augusta Victoria Formation (Ojeda, 1986), and Escondida Este,
        which is hosted in andesitic volcanic rocks of the La Tabla Formation and coeval intrusions. The
        Escondida mineralisation is large, comprising an area 100s of metres wide and over 1km is length. It is
        one of the largest known porphyry systems in the world.

        At Escondida, the Augusta Victoria volcanic sequence is cut by a biotite granodiorite porphyry, within
        which the early phases have a NE trend, known locally as Feldspathic Porphyry, dated at 37.9 ± 1.1, 37.7
        ± 0.8 and 37.2 ± 0.8 Ma (Richards et al., 1999; Padilla-Garza et al., 2004). At Escondida, this unit
        measures 3.3 x 1.5 km with an average thickness of ~ 1.5 km and is recognize at least down to 1.8 km
        below the surface. To the west and south, early granodiorite porphyries are cut by many late intermineral
        porphyries; to the west a biotite granodiorite named as Granodiorite Verde dated to 35.4 ± 0.7 Ma (Hervé
        et al, 2012) is recognised and in the southern sector a lithological sequence ranging from diorite to quartz
        monzodiorite with different degrees of alteration, named Intermineral Porphyry, is recognised (Technical
        Note, SI Geology, 2021). The Feldspathic Porphyry stock and copper mineralisation are cut to the north by
        a biotite rhyolite dome with quartz phenocrysts > 10% by volume, known locally as Quartziferous Porphyry
        and has been dated at 37.5 ± 0.6 Ma.

        Numerous bodies of Magmatic-Hydrothermal Breccias, which constitute approximately 5% of the
        Escondida deposit, host the highest grade hypogene and supergene copper mineralisation (Ojeda, 1986,
        1990; Véliz, 2004). The breccia clasts, commonly polymictic in nature, are surrounded by varying
        proportions of sulphide and quartz cement with rock dust matrix (Ojeda, 1986, 1990; Véliz, 2004).

        The Escondida deposit, is limited to the east by a late biotite rhyolite porphyry affected by a high
        sulphidation event, known locally as Quartziferous Porphyry dated at 34.7 ± 1.7 Ma (Richards et al. 1999).
        This unit measures 3 × 1.5 km at the surface and follows the direction of the North trending Portezuelo -
        Panadero fault.

        Alteration and Hypogene Mineralisation
        Much of the feldspathic porphyry shows sericitic alteration in shallow levels already exploited an advanced
        argillic zone and at deeper only along fault zones. Quartz, pyrophyllite and subordinate alunite, diaspore,
        and svanbergite are reported (Brimhall et al., 1985; Alpers and Brimhall, 1988). At depth and as remnants
        in the sericitic zone, patches of chlorite-sericite alteration exist, which give way downward to biotite in
        andesitic volcanic rocks and k-feldspar > biotite in the porphyries (Padilla-Garza et al., 2001). The
        superimposed potassic and sericitic alteration contains abundant A and B type quartz veinlets. The

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 47


        Granodiorita Verde unit shows a weak potassic alteration in veinlets with a generalised chlorotic overprint
        within which the remaining hydrothermal k-feldspar stands out. The Intermineral Porphyry unit presents
        diverse alteration associations with variable intensities and showing as a characteristic element, the
        truncation of veinlets. In some sectors of the pit, there is a marked superimposition of hydrothermal events
        that originate an intense obliteration on the primary texture, leaving only some quartz relics, which
        evidence the presence of the intermineral unit (Technical Note, SI Geology, 2021). This unit can be
        presented primarily with a Chlorite - Sericite - Illite association (Event 1) or affected by superimposition of
        hydrothermal events such as Sericite - Quartz (Event 2), Sericite (Event 3) and Pyrophyllite - Alunite or
        Pyrophyllite (Event 4).




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 6-4:          Pit Shell and Vertical Section for Lithology, Alteration, and Mineralogical Zone for
                             Escondida
        The hypogene sulphide mineralisation at Escondida is obliterated by the effects of the supergene
        enrichment. However, chalcopyrite and bornite are identified in relict potassic zones along with
        chalcopyrite and pyrite from the overprinted chlorite-sericite and sericite zones. The high sulphidation
        mineralisation occur in the advanced argillic zone. In the underlying Green Granodiorite intrusion, pyrite
        dominates over chalcopyrite and copper grades are 0.05 to 0.25%, decreasing at depth.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 48


        Supergene Mineralisation
        Escondida is characterised by a mature supergene profile with high kaolinite contents, which include a
        hematitic leaching layer, with an average thickness of ~ 200 m, but locally, can reach 400 m. This leaching
        zone is supported by a NW-trending enrichment zone that covers an area of 4.5 × 1.8 km with a maximum
        thickness of ~ 400 m. NW-trending faults, fractures, and veins intersecting the NW trend combined with
        higher hypogene copper contents appear to have been the main controls on both the shape and depth of
        the enrichment zone (Ojeda, 1986, 1990; Padilla-Garza et al., 2001). The zone is dominated by
        chalcocite-group minerals in its higher grade upper part with lower-grade covellite and hypogene sulphides
        remaining that become dominant at depth. The supergene event is dated between ~ 18 to 14 Ma (Alpers
        and Brimhall, 1988) in supergene alunite at the limit of the leaching and enrichment zone.

        Copper oxide mineralisation at Escondida is mainly found in andesitic volcanic rocks altered with biotite
        and chlorite-sericite in which brochantite and antlerite are the main minerals along with minor chrysocolla,
        atacamite, various copper phosphate minerals, cuprite, and native copper with the last two being
        concentrated in the upper part of the enrichment zone (Ojeda, 1986; Véliz and Camacho, 2003).

        Escondida Norte Deposit
        Lithology
        Escondida Norte is hosted by volcanic rocks of the La Tabla Formation and coeval intrusive phases. To
        the east and at depth, the La Tabla Formation include andesitic rocks, dated at 294.4 ± 4.6 Ma (Jara et al.,
        2009), which are overlain to the west by a rhyolitic sequence, mainly welded ignimbrites, known locally as
        Rhyolitic Porphyry, which has been dated at 290.0 ± 4.0, 294.2 ± 2.4 and 298.2 + 5.5 /-4.9 Ma (Richards
        et al., 1999; Jara et al., 2009).

        The intrusives are coarse-grained monzogranites, Coarse Porphyry (298.8 ± 2.6, 293.0 ± 6.0, 291.1 ± 2.3,
        289.9 ± 3.5 Ma; Morales, 2009), granodiorite porphyry (287.1 ± 4.4 Ma; Jara et al.; 2009) and diorite. The
        western part, west of the Portezuelo-Panadero reverse fault, is in contact with andesitic volcanic rocks of
        the Augusta Victoria Formation and at depth with andesites of the La Tabla Formation.

        The units described above, are intruded by a series of NE oriented dikes and larger bodies of biotite
        granodiorite porphyry granodiorite, which include early phases locally referred to as Feldspathic Porphyry,
        intermineral and late phases referred to as Dacitic Porphyry (Figure 6-5). At Escondida Norte, the
        Feldspathic Porphyry measures 1.7 x 1 km and is recognized at least down to 1.2 km below the surface
        (Figure 6-5). The early and intermineral phases, are dated at 38.0 ± 0.5, and 37.5 ± 0.5 Ma (Hervé et al
        2012), while the late mineral phase yielded ages of 36.0 ± 0.8, 35.7 ± 0.7, and 35.5 ± 0.8 Ma (Jara et al.,
        2009).

        Limited bodies of polymictic magmatic-hydrothermal breccias are associated with early and intermineral
        porphyries. These breccias show sericitic alteration or sericite chlorite and are cemented by quartz, pyrite,
        and varying amounts of chalcopyrite at shallow depth, and by quartz-biotite-anhydrite ± feld-K ± magnetite
        together with chalcopyrite and bornite at depth.

        It is one of the largest porphyry systems in the world.

        Alteration and Hypogene Mineralisation
        Potassic alteration is present at depth throughout the deposit, with biotite-feldspar-K association in the
        felsic rocks and biotite and minor magnetite predominate in the andesitic volcanic rocks and diorites. The
        potassic alteration have biotite and magnetite veinlets and abundant feld-K and quartz-feldspar-K veinlets,
        the latter of A-type. Grey sericite veinlets overlie the potassic zone.

        At shallower levels, the generalised alteration is chlorite-sericite, which is characterised by the occurrence
        of chlorite-sulphide veinlets overlaying and destroying the potassic association. This is covered by a

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 49


        sericitic zone, which is locally overlain by quartz-pyrophyllite ± alunite alteration, closely associated with
        the NW-directed high sulphidation vein zones. Most of the hypogene sulphide mineralisation at Escondida
        Norte consists of chalcopyrite and pyrite with the development of only localised centres of chalcopyrite -
        bornite ± chalcocite mineralisation in the potassic zone.




        Source: Escondida (2022)

        Figure 6-5:         Pit shell and Vertical Section for Lithology, Alteration and Mineralogical Zone for
                            Escondida Norte
        Supergene Mineralisation
        A well-developed supergene profile is present at Escondida Norte, which include a leached hematitic
        surface, averaging 100 to 200 m (up to 350 m) thick, and a 20 to 250 m thick enrichment zone. The
        enrichment zone has a surface of 2 × 1.5 km, trending NE; it is divided into a high-grade, chalcocite-
        dominated upper zone (High Enriched), and a lower-grade basal part with covellite and lower chalcocite
        (Low Enriched). Supergene kaolinite is present throughout the zone and supergene alunite is dated to be
        ~ 17 to 14 Ma (Morales, 2009).

        Copper oxide mineralisation is irregularly developed above the enrichment zone, mainly with antlerite and
        brochantite in the higher-grade central parts (Maturana and Saric, 1991; Monroy, 2000; Williams, 2003),
        and chrysocolla and atacamite peripherally.

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                          Page 50



7        Exploration
        As presented in Chapter 5.2 of this TRS, the Project area has been the subject of various historical and
        recent exploration drilling campaigns, mainly targeting Cu mineralisation at the Project site.

        In the 1980s, Utah Corporation generated a plan to explore for metal deposits in northern Chile. Using a
        methodology of geochemical exploration, an area of interest was identified, and a drilling campaign was
        carried out that led to the discovery of the Escondida deposit. These early exploration campaigns were
        carried out by different mining companies, and for the oldest campaigns, there is no detailed document
        available describing how the historical information was collected. A total of 2,691,948 m of exploration
        drilling has been completed (up until December 2021), distributed across 5,764 drill holes for Escondida
        and distributed across 2,832 drill holes for Escondida Norte.

        The main objective of the exploration programmes implemented at MEL has been the exploration of new
        deposits, as well as to improve mineral resources classification to support the annual planning cycle. The
        results of these programmes serve as the basis to support planning and growth strategies as well as
        investment programmes for the modernisation of the mining unit.

        Maps presented in this chapter use local mine coordinates derived from the PSAD-56 UTM projection.

7.1      Exploration Work (Other Than Drilling)
        Limited non-drilling surface exploration work has been conducted at MEL. At the beginning of the
        exploration, surface geochemical and geophysical techniques were used. At present, given that this is an
        operating deposit with an adequate level of geological knowledge, no other non-drilling exploration work is
        being carried out within the mine's area of operation.

        In the opinion of the QP, this information isn’t relevant as it only supported the initial planning of
        exploration.

7.2      Exploration Drilling

        Drilling Type and Extent
        Since the 1980s, drilling has been the primary sampling method for estimating mineral resources and
        mineral reserves at MEL. Extensive drilling activities have been carried out at different scales and in
        multiple phases in line with business planning cycles

        Exploration drilling has been undertaken almost yearly at MEL since 2000. Total drilling available for
        resource estimate at Escondida and Escondida Norte is approximately 8,600 drill holes totalling
        approximately 2,690,000 m. Since the initial exploration drilling campaigns several different drilling
        techniques have been implemented, including:

             •    Conventional open rotary holes: 96 drill holes mainly from the early exploration of the deposit and
                  were excluded from the mineral resources estimation process due to the low confidence in their
                  sampling.
             •    RC drill holes: 5½ inch to 5¾ inch (139.7 mm to 146.05 mm) for geological sample recovery.
             •    DDH: Mainly HQ (63.5 mm diameter) with reduction to NQ (47.6 mm) and BQ (36.4 mm) as
                  required. PQ holes (85 mm) for metallurgical purposes.
             •    Combination of RC and DDH: The combined drill holes (RC-DDH) have been used mainly to save
                  cost by using RC to drill through barren overburden and switching to DDH method shortly above
                  mineralised rock.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                         Page 51


        Table 7-1 and Table 7-2 shows the number of holes and cumulative length of drilling for each drilling
        method for Escondida and Escondida Norte. The differences between drilled and analysed metres are due
        to non-mineralised intervals that have not been assayed.

        Table 7-1:           Summary of Metres Drilled, Escondida

                Type of Drilling        Number of Drill Holes                 Metres Drilled   Metres Assayed
                                                  (#)                                  (m)          (m)
          DDH                                    1,688                            503,329         476,116
          RC                                     2,459                            417,569         405,060
          RC-DDH                                 1,617                            847,840         797,439
          Total                                  5,764                           1,768,738       1,678,615
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Table 7-2:           Summary of Metres Drilled, Escondida Norte

                Type of Drilling        Number of Drill Holes                 Metres Drilled   Metres Assayed
                                                  (#)                                  (m)          (m)
          DDH                                     702                             222,916         218,795
          RC                                     1,218                            304,185         300,244
          RC-DDH                                  912                             396,110         389,042
          Total                                  2,832                            923,211         908,081
        Source: MEL (2022)


        The annual infill drilling campaigns were intended to confirm the mineral resources based on the mining
        plan. From FY2000 to FY2008, an average of 80,000 m were drilled annually, except in 2001, when the
        number of metres drilled was increased to support the then Escondida Norte Project.

        Between FY2008 and FY2012, drilling was increased to support the estimates of mineral resources for
        MEL's growth projects. Since 2013, the guidelines for determining the metres to be drilled require a
        minimum of 90% measured mineral resource for the first two years of production and a minimum of 80%
        measured mineral resource to complete the 5-year plan.

        Geotechnical and hydrogeological drill holes that have already been used in their corresponding models
        were released for use in the Resource models, going through all the QA/QC requirements of infill drill
        holes.

        Figure 7-1 and Figure 7-2 show the metres drilled per year since the start of the exploration phase for
        Escondida and Escondida Norte.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                              Page 52




                                                        Escondida drill holes meters by FY
                              300

                              250

                              200




            Thousand Meters
                              150

                              100

                              50

                               0    EXP81-86
                                        FY90
                                     FY91-92
                                        FY93
                                     FY93-94
                                        FY95
                                        FY96
                                        FY97
                                        FY98
                                        FY99
                                        FY00
                                        FY01
                                        FY02
                                        FY03
                                        FY04
                                        FY05
                                        FY06
                                        FY07
                                        FY08
                                        FY09
                                        FY10
                                        FY11
                                        FY12
                                        FY13
                                        FY14
                                        FY15
                                        FY16
                                        FY17
                                        FY18
                                        FY19
                                        FY20
                                        FY21
                                                                        DDH       RC      RC-DDH


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-1:                       Metres Drilled by Drilling Type and FY, Escondida


                              180

                              160

                              140

                              120

                              100

                              80




            Thousand Meters
                              60

                              40

                              20

                               0
                                    FY01 FY02 FY04 FY05 FY06 FY07 FY08 FY09 FY10 FY11 FY12 FY13 FY14 FY15 FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20 FY21

                                                                        DDH       RC      RC-DDH


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-2:                       Metres Drilled by Drilling Type and FY, Escondida Norte


        Figure 7-3 shows drill hole collars by type used in the construction of the 2021 Resource model for
        Escondida and Escondida Norte. Figure 7-4 and Figure 7-5 show cross-sections of the drill holes included
        in the Resource Models of Escondida and Escondida Norte.




                                                                 Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                  Page 53




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-3:          Distribution of Collars by Drill Hole Type, Escondida and Escondida Norte




        Note: Black line represents the December 31, 2021, topography.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-4:          Vertical Section 108,600N with Drill Hole per Type, Escondida

                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                          Page 54




        Note: Black line represents the December 31, 2021, topography.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-5:          Vertical Section 114,000N with Drill Hole per Type, Escondida Norte

        Drilling, Sampling, and Recovery Factors
        Recovery was calculated for all DDH holes completed to date, and except for the DDH in unconsolidated
        gravels, the average recovery (RC and DDH) for any given lithology exceeded 90%. The core recovery
        was determined by calculating the ratio of length of material returned in the core tube versus the total
        length drilled for the run and recorded as a percentage. Recovery for RC was calculated by comparing the
        sample weight recovery against the theoretical weight and recorded as a percentage.

        Prior to June 2000, the collars were surveyed by conventional surveying techniques. Subsequently collar
        was measured using high-definition global positioning system (GPS). Prior to drilling the planned location
        of the drill hole (X, Y, Z coordinates) was surveyed with a high precision GPS. Location measurements
        were taken prior to the start of drilling and at the completion of drilling. In general, the differences between
        both measurements were minor than 30 cm. As a QA/QC procedure, approximately 10% of collar
        locations were checked by the same contractor but using a different surveyor. The differences reported for
        all the location checks were less than 10 cm. In instances where the drill hole was inclined and not
        vertical, the drill rig was oriented in the specified direction and inclination. Once the rig was positioned, the
        geologist responsible for the drilling campaign confirmed the orientation of the rig with a compass and the
        inclination with an inclinometer.

        Deviation surveys were completed on all drill holes. The historical drill hole deviation was surveyed by
        several different techniques. Prior to 2000, single-shot cameras collected orientation measurements at
        intervals of approximately 50 m. From February 2000 to August 2003, the Maxibor instrument obtained
        orientations at 3 m intervals. From August 2003 through 2012, a multi-shot instrument that determined
        orientations at 6 m of separation.

        The Continuous North Seeking Gyroscope was implemented in 2012 and is still in use today. For
        orientation surveying Acoustic Televiewer (ATV), with orientation measurements every 10 m and real-time
        gyroscope, measurements every 20 m, have also been used for a small number of drill holes, but mainly
        for historical drilling.



                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 55


        In general, the downhole deviation of drill holes was adequate, rarely exceeding a cumulative deviation of
        1° per 100 m for both DDH and RC drilling. More significant cumulative deviations that average 2° per 100
        m, have occasionally occurred, but limited to high pressure RC drilling. Deviation more than 5% was not
        accepted by the operation. Drill hole data was discharged and not used for mineral resources estimation.

        Detail of sampling and chain security of samples can be found in Chapter 8.

        Drilling Results and Interpretation
        Of the 2,690,000 m drilled at Escondida and Escondida Norte, and included in the 2021 Resource Model,
        only 1,400,000 m are located below the current pit topography, and the remainder in mined out areas.
        Most of the holes are drilled sub vertical, which allows adequate capture of the mantle of supergene
        enrichment and the zone of hypogene mineralisation. Drill holes spacing of 50 m in the areas close to the
        open pit limits, increasing up to 300 m beyond this. Figure 7-6 and Figure 7-7 show the layout of the drill
        holes in plan and sections. In the opinion of this QP, the amount, orientation and spacing of drill hole
        information was sufficient for mineral resources estimation purpose, as discussed in Chapter 11 of this
        TRS.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                   Page 56




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-6:          Lithology Model Plan View and Vertical Sections, Escondida




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022      June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 57




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-7:          Lithology Model Plan View and Vertical Sections, Escondida Norte

        Qualified Person’s Statement on Exploration Drilling
        The QP is not aware of any issues related to the drilling, sampling, or recovery factors that could materially
        affect the accuracy and reliability of the results of the historical drilling and sampling. The data was well
        documented, via original digital and hard copy records, and was collected using industry standard
        practices. All data was organised into a current and secure spatial relational database. The data has
        undergone internal data verification reviews, as described in Chapter 9 of this TRS.

7.3      Hydrogeology
        The hydrogeological studies are associated with the performance of hydraulic tests, flow records and
        piezometric level, generated mainly from the drilling as a continuous process of capture and updating of



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                         Page 58


        information, in addition to the data obtained from the monitoring network of the of Escondida and
        Escondida Norte pits.

        The hydraulic tests carried out on the pits correspond to pumping tests, Packer or Lugeon tests, Slug tests
        and Airlift tests. With this information, hydrogeological properties such as permeability, hydraulic
        conductivity and others are determined and validated. The main values obtained from the analyses of the
        tests carried out in Escondida are summarised below.

             •    The highest permeability (K) values, and higher porosity (S) in the case of airlift tests were
                  observed for all tests in at least one sector of the pit, in sections characterised by Rock Quality
                  Designation (RQD) minimum values in their lower ranges (<50%), and maximum Frequency
                  Fracture (FF) in their upper ranges (5-17 and 17-40 1/m). This was specifically observed on the
                  East and South walls.
             •    An increase in K values was observed in those tests that presented intersection with major faults,
                  especially in the East, South, and Los Colorados walls. In the East and South walls, the faults with
                  NW orientation would be related to higher values of K; while in the wall Los Colorados, the
                  orientation of faults associated with higher values of K would be NE. The airlift tests did not
                  present structural influence.
             •    The packer and slug tests showed higher K values in the sections characterised in the supergene
                  mineralisation for the East and Los Colorados walls.

        The Escondida hydrogeology characteristics are presented in Table 7-3.

        The main hydrogeology properties values from the analysis of the evidence and data collected in the field
        in Escondida Norte are summarised below:

             •    The different magnitude of these responses would be related to the distribution of the fracturing of
                  the rocky mass, represented by the RQD and FF, which would present a preferential orientation in
                  the Northwest-Southeast direction.
             •    The greatest responses were associated with wells and monitoring piezometers located in an
                  environment characterised by RQD values of 0-25% and FF 17-40 1/m, which align and connect
                  with the pumping wells in a Northwest-Southeast direction. This connection could occur up to 200
                  m.
             •    The lowest responses were associated with wells and monitoring piezometers located in an
                  environment characterised by RQD values greater than 50% and FF less than 5 1/m. For
                  monitoring wells in this environment, stable levels were observed that did not respond to pumping,
                  even if the well was 20 m away.
             •    The above observations are described as an anisotropy (compartmentalisation) in the rocky
                  massif according to the Northwest-Southeast orientation of fracturing zones and their spatial
                  relationship with the associated major faults that strengthens the observations carried out on the
                  performance in terms of flow of the pumping wells.

        The methodology used by MEL operations regarding hydrogeology data collection has been clearly
        established in the BHP Hydrogeological Technical Characterisation guide and is captured for two main
        purposes: mine operation, and project support. In both cases, all the information was collected in the field
        and no laboratory testing were used. The quality control are established in the contracts of in-situ test and
        frequently validate for MEL teams and external consulting companies.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                            Page 59


         Table 7-3:            Summary Piezometric Characteristics of the Escondida Pit
                              Elevation                                                       Decrease
               Slope
    Wall                      Level (m          Gradient                Main Stress             Rate             Hydrogeological Control
               sector
                                amsl)                                                        (m/month)
                                                                                                           FF 5-17 y 17-40 1/m
                                                                                             <0.1 a 0.4
               Low       2,557 - 2,565    Hydrostatic             Bottom Pit PW-450                        Major Faults NW Conductive
                                                                                             2.9 a 39.3
                                                                                                           Structural domain 1
                                                                                                           FF 5-17 y 17-40 1/m
               Middle    S/I              N/I                     N/I                        N/I           Major Faults NW Conductive
 South                                                                                                     Structural domain 1 - AND
                                                                                                           FF 5-17 y 17-40 1/m
                                                                                                           Major Faults NW Conductive
               Out Pit   2,783 - 2,950    ascending               Advance S3C, E6 y E7       <0.1 a 0.73   Structural domain 1 - AND
                                                                                                           Gravel saturated by anthropic
                                                                                                           refill

               Low       S/I              N/I                     N/I                        N/I           N/I

                                                                                                           FF 5-17 y 17-40 1/m
                                                                  horizontal drains and
               Middle    2,628 - 2,712    Hydrostatic                                        <0.1 a 10.7   Major Faults NW Conductive
                                                                  pushback E6 and E7
                                                                                                           Structural domain 2
                                          descending on
 East                                                                                                      FF 5-17 y 17-40 1/m
               Middle                     anhydrite ceiling       horizontal drains and
                         2,670 - 2,810                                                       0.4 a 3.7     Major Faults NW Conductive
               High                       anhydrite ceiling       pushback E6 and E7
                                                                                                           Structural domain 2
                                          rise
                                                                                                           FF 2-5 1/m
                                          Hydrostatic -                                                    Major Faults NW Conductive
               Out Pit   2,950 - 2,990                            Pushback E6 y E7           0.1 a 1.0
                                          descending                                                       Mineralisation LIX
                                                                                                           Structural domain 3
                                                                                                           FF 2-5 1/m
                                                                  Deepening pit bottom,
                                                                                                           Major Faults NW Partial Barrier
               Low       2,615 – 2,653    ascending               drains and bottom          0.7 - 1.6
                                                                                                           (450)
                                                                  pumping wells
                                                                                                           Mineralisation LIX, HE y LE

               Middle    N/I              N/I                     N/I                        N/I           N/I

                                          Hydrostatic to
 Los                                      descending.             Pit excavation,                          FF 17-40 1/m
 Colorados     High      2,782 – 2,940    Ascendant in            drainage tunnel and        0.5 – 0.7     Major Faults NE conductive
                                          low sensors             horizontal drains                        Mineralisation LIX, HE y LE
                                          2,650 m amsl
                                                                                             level
                         2,966 – 3,014    Hanging aquifer         Anthropic refill           increase      Mineralisation LIX, HE y LE
                                                                                             (0.5 m)
               Out Pit
                                                                  Pit excavation,
                                                                                                           FF 17-40 1/m
                         2,860            Deep aquifer            drainage tunnel and        0.4
                                                                                                           Major Faults NE conductive
                                                                  drains
                                                                                                           FF 2-5 1/m
                                                                  Deepening of the pit
                                                                                                           Major Faults NW Partial Barrier
               Low       2,608 – 2,714    Ascendant               bottom, pumping wells      0.2 - 0.8
                                                                                                           (450)
                                                                  and horizontal drains
                                                                                                           Mineralisation LIX, HE y LE
                                          Low sensor              Pit excavation,
               Middle                                                                                      FF 17-40 1/m
                         2,758 - 2,852    upstream                drainage tunnel and        0.2 - 0.6
               High                                                                                        Anhydrite ceiling
                                          2,600 m amsl            horizontal drains
 Northeast                                                        Pit excavation,
               High      2,780            Hydrostatic             drainage tunnel and        0.3           FF 17-40 1/m
                                                                  horizontal drains

                         3,009            N/I                     Anthropic refill           0.1 - 0.2     Mineralisation LIX, HE y LE
               Out Pit                                            Excavation of the pit
                                                                                                           FF 17-40 1/m
                         2,855 – 2,940    Hydrostatic             and                        0.2 - 0.5
                                                                                                           Anhydrite ceiling
                                                                  system D&D in pit
               Middle                                             Excavation and
                         2,555 - 2,577    Hydrostatic                                        0.13 a 5.03
               Low                                                pumping pit bottom
                                                                  Infiltrations pools area
 Northwest     High      2,707 - 2,800    Hydrostatic             ex-Crushing                0.2           Anhydrite ceiling

               Out Pit   2,898 - 3,060    Ascending               Pushback N16               <0.1 a 0.5

                                                                  Excavation and                           FF 2-5 1/m
 Bottom Pit    -         2,490 – 2,561    Ascending                                          0.1 – 8.1
                                                                  pumping pit bottom                       Major Faults NW Conductive
         Source: MEL (2022)



                                                        Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                          Page 60


        Mine Operation
        In the mining operation, the main activities are:

             •    Drilling of RC holes for water production and the installation of a monitoring network.
             •    Hydrogeological logging of drill holes, including definition of lithology, alteration and presence of
                  faults or structures.
             •    Measurement of the piezometric elevation.
             •    Airlift tests each time a drill hole was added.
             •    Based on all this information it was estimated the optimum operating flow rate of the producing
                  wells and thus define the hydrogeological transmissivity of the immediate environment.
             •    Monitoring network.

        As at 30 June 2022, the hydrogeology monitoring network for MEL includes 35 active monitoring points in
        order to detect variations of the water table and pore pressure as well as estimate the hydraulic properties
        in the rock mass (Figure 7-8 and Figure 7-9). During the ordinary course of the mine life new sensors are
        installed and other are lost due to the normal mining exploitation activity.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                Page 61




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-8:          Piezometric Monitoring Network in the Escondida Pit




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                  Page 62




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-9:          Piezometric monitoring network in Escondida North pit
        In the QP’s opinion, the type and appropriateness of laboratory techniques (such as Pumping tests, slug
        tests and packer tests) used to test for groundwater flow parameters, such as permeability, and QA/QC
        procedures, are reasonable. MEL gathers information on permeable zones and local aquifers, flow rates,
        in-situ saturation, recharge rates and water balance and with this information the MEL hydrogeology group
        generates ground water models used to characterize aquifers, including material assumptions used in the
        modelling. These groundwater models are used for geotechnical analysis of pit stability and other
        required activities.

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                           Page 63


        Projects
        In addition to the continuous hydrogeological evaluation of the operating pits at the MEL operation
        hydrogeological evaluation is also undertaken for specific projects. These studies are generally outside of
        the regular production areas and include studies, such as, among others, new leaching areas, new tailing
        storage developments and the evaluation of potential future underground mining alternatives.

        Hydrogeological characterisation campaigns are carried out according to the detail required by the project
        status, and generally includes DDH drilling with core recovery which was carried out to capture the
        following information:

             •    Geological logging and hydrogeological characterisation including definition of lithology, alteration,
                  and presence of faults or structures.
             •    Piezometric level measurement.
             •    Execution of Lugeon permeability tests to establish the permeability of the hydrogeological units
                  tested.
             •    Installation of vibrating string sensors at different depths to define the pore pressure distribution in
                  the different hydrogeological units, hydrogeological gradients in the vertical and horizontal
                  directions, location of the piezometric level at surface and the direction of underground flow.
             •    Ad hoc geochemical and/or hydrogeochemical evaluation may be also undertaken as required

        The details of characterisation and monitoring network in hydrogeology models is included in Section
        13.2.2.

7.4      Geotechnical Data, Testing, and Analysis
        Every year geotechnical drilling campaign obtains samples from sectors with low information density or
        with more complex geological conditions. Figure 7-10 presents an example of the UCS model associated
        with the described geological units. The methodology used by the MEL operation in the geotechnical data
        collection, laboratory tests and analysis of information is established in the BHP Geotechnical
        Characterisation guide associated to estimate the rock mass properties (Geotechnical Standard Version
        3.0), in Table 7-4 and Table 7-5.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-10:         Geotechnical Unit and Uniaxial Compression Strength (UCS) Escondida Mine


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                     Page 64


        Geotechnical Drilling
        Geotechnical drilling and sampling are completed internally by MEL staff as part of the routine programme.
        The geotechnical drilling campaigns are completed with DDH drill holes with a core diameter of HQ3
        gauge (63.5 mm). To enhance the adequacy of the drilling and geotechnical sampling, the process is led
        by trained personnel and follows established protocols.

        From the probes there are samples of rocks which are identified with respect to their location, lithology,
        alteration and classified according to degree of resistance, including:

             •      Primary (1st) which are the most resistant rocks which have not been affected by leaching
             •      Secondary sensu strictu (2ss) which are the weakest rocks affected by surface leaching, and
             •      Secondary (2nd) transition that are rocks of intermediate resistance partially affected by surface
                    leaching.

        Table 7-4 shows the number of trials of each type. This information is used in the stability calculations of
        the design to be able to know the safety factors of the slopes at different scales inter-ramp and global
        slope. These calculations can be of limit equilibrium or numeric.

        Table 7-4:            Distribution of Historical Geotechnical Samples by Alteration, Lithology, and
                              Geotechnical Zone, Escondida and Escondida Norte
                                                                   1rio                      2ss               2tr
          Lithology                        Alteration                                                                      Total
                                                            TCS           UCS          TCS         UCS   TCS         UCS
                                              ARG                                      31          25     29         21    106
                                              BIO             4           5                        1      5                 15
          Andesite                            QSC             1           10           174         71    124         34    414
                                              SCC             1           30            11         21     52         13    128
                                              SGV             1           1                               2                 4
                                              ARG                                       1           3     23                27
                                              BIO             1            3                                                4
                                              POT                                       1                                   1
          Breccia
                                              QSC                                      179         81    156         83    499
                                              SCC                          2            4          6      21         13     46
                                              SGV                          1                                                1
                                              ARG                                       3           5     18          3     29
                                              POT             4                                           7           1     12
          Feldspar Porphyry                   QSC             8           6            188         107   388         209   906
                                              SCC             2           22                        1     25          6     56
                                              SGV             7                                           10          2     19
                                              ARG                                       11                25          3     39
          Quartziferous Porphyry              QSC                                      118         51     98          57   324
                                              SCC                                                         1           2     3
                                              CLO                          5                                                5
          Late Porphyry
                                              SGV             2            4                             1            1     8
          BLANK                                                                         4           1    21           1     27
          Total                                                                                                            2673
        Source: MEL (2022)


        To characterize and obtain the in-situ rock parameters, destructive and non-destructive tests were
        completed during the 2021 campaign. Destructive tests include Indirect Traction (IT), Uniaxial
        Compression (UCS), and Triaxial Compression (TCS). The QA/QC process include verification visit to
        Labs, use of international standards and checks of the process, tests and samples pre and post-test (the
        last process was with the SRK support).The detail of the total number of samples of for FY20 and FY21
        campaigns are presented in Table 7-5 and Table 7-6.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                             Page 65


        Table 7-5:           Distribution of 2020-2021 Geotechnical Samples by Alteration, Lithology and
                             Geotechnical Zone, Escondida and Escondida Norte
                                                                     1rio                     2ss                     2tr
          Lithology                         Alteration                                                                             Total
                                                               TCS          UCS         TCS         UCS         TCS         UCS
                                               SCC                                       1                                          1
                                             QSC                2            1           22          9          4           1       39
          Andesite                           POT                                                                5           3        8
                                             SGV                                                                25          11      36
                                             QSC                2                        1          3                                6
          Breccia                              -                2                                   3                                5
          Hydrothermal Breccia                 -                             1                      1                                2
                                             QSC                                         6          2                                8
                                             SCC                                         1          2            2           1       6
          Igneous Breccia
                                             QS                                                     1                                1
                                             QSA                                         2          1                                3
                                             QSC                                         6          3                                9
          Quartziferous Porphyry             QS                14            7           45         18                              84
                                             QSC               2             1           7          3                               13
                                              CL                                                                 1           1       2
                                             QSC                                         3           3                               6
          Intermineral Porphyry              QS                                                                 2            3       5
                                             SCC                                         6                      27           9      42
                                            QS-GV               1            4           14          3          2                   24
          Feldspar Porphyry                    -                7            1           2           1          1            2      14
          Late Porphyry                        -                                         2           1                               3
          Dacitic Tuff                         -               4            2            7           3                              16
          Total                                                34           17           51         182         69          31     333
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Table 7-6 summarizes the strength properties by geotechnical unit for the Escondida and Escondida Norte
        pits, respectively.

        Table 7-6:           Strength Properties by Geotechnical Unit for the Escondida and Escondida Norte

             UGB          mi (-)     ci (MPa)            UGB           mi (-)           ci (MPa)          UGB           mi (-)    ci (MPa)
           BGU01A         13.5          33.8         BGU06B              8.2              67.7       UGB01AN            25.2        17.9
           BGU01B          8.2          62.5         BGU06C              8.4              61.4       UGB02AN            11.2        93.2
           BGU02A         10.7          38.9         BGU07A             15.7             118.7       UGB02BN            12.8        30.4
           BGU02B         13.7          58.3         BGU07B             10.1              73.0       UGB02CN            10.6        46.6
           BGU02C         19.9          27.8         BGU07C             11.6             147.3       UGB02DN             9.5        53.0
            BGU03         10.7         117.0         BGU08A             23.9              46.7       UGB03AN             6.0        74.5
           BGU04A          9.9          41.3         BGU08B             17.9             142.9       UGB03BN             6.7        53.1
           BGU04B          7.6          47.0         BGU09A              7.1              50.2       UGB04AN            18.6        45.4
           BGU05A         11.1          52.7         BGU09B             17.8             101.4       UGB04BN            43.1        98.0
           BGU05B          6.8          60.5         BGU06B              8.2              67.7       UGB05AN            43.5        88.5
           BGU06A         10.2          47.4                                                         UGB05BN            19.3        64.0
                                                                                                     UGB06N             20.1       124.7
                                                                                                     UGB08N             35.4        23.6
        Source: MEL (2022)


7.5      Property Plan View
        Figure 7-11 shows the location of all the drill holes used in the resource estimation. This figure presents
        the location of this information with respect to the block model volumes that support the mineral resources
        and mineral reserves estimates.


                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                              June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                              Page 66




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 7-11:         Drill Hole (Samples) Location for Escondida and Escondida Norte Areas



7.6      Exploration Targets
        No exploration targets are reported in this TRS.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                 June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 67



8        Sample Preparation, Analyses and Security

8.1      Sample Preparation Methods and Quality Control Measures
        MEL employs mining industry standard methodologies to undertake sampling and sample preparation
        processes regarding drill hole samples of various types. These methodologies are governed by internal
        protocols and procedures developed specifically for MEL’s operational reality whilst also respecting BHPs
        internal company standards. Quality control of these processes are also required to adhere to both mining
        industry best practice and BHPs internal company standards.

        Methods
        Since the discovery of the Escondida deposit, the history of drilling at MEL has progressed from the initial
        use of conventional drilling during the discovery program to a balance of reverse circulation (RC) drilling
        and diamond drill hole (DDH). The approach, applied since the late 1980s, employs the different drilling
        techniques to balance the drillhole information and sample requirements with the cost and time elements
        for the acquisition of the required samples and data. This approach has generated variable amounts of
        drilling and sampling types throughout the history of MEL’s data acquisition. Discussion of sampling herein
        concerns the RC and DDH (core) samples that support the geological evaluation and modelling.

        RC Drilling
        The RC samples were retrieved from the drill-mounted cyclone and were collected at continuous intervals
        of 2 m. The original sample (approximately 80 kg) was then divided with a riffle (Jones) splitter obtaining
        two sub-samples, each one representing 50% of the total. One of the portions was discharged (reject),
        while the second portion was quartered again to obtain two sub-samples (A and B), each corresponding to
        25% of the total, of approximately 20 kilograms (Figure 8-1). During each division of the sample, the
        weight was recorded in order to evaluate that the process was being carried out properly. If there was
        presence of water, the drilling changed to DDH.

        The sample was then placed in plastic bag, labelled with a bar code and sealed prior to transfer to the
        mechanical preparation facility.

        The drilling contractor was responsible for the transportation of the samples to the warehouse.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-1:          RC Sampling; A) Sample Collection; B) Weight control; C) Sample Splitting; D) A
                             and B Samples
        Core Drilling
        Diamond drill hole cores were carefully handled at all stages of transport by the contractors. The cores
        were packed sequentially in metallic core boxes as they were collected from top to bottom and left to right
        in the order in which it was retrieved from the core barrel. For each core run, a wooden block, was placed
        where the driller notes the depth of the hole indicating the interval drilled. The boxes were properly

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                         Page 68


        labelled with the drill hole name, box number, and interval (Figure 8-2). The drilling contractor was
        responsible for the transportation of the samples to the warehouse.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-2:          DDH Sampling; A) Sample Collection; B) Sample Distribution in Metallic Trays
        Once metallic trays were received in the warehouse core length was measured and marked every 2 m to
        regularize the sample length. These measurements are compared with those obtained by the drilling
        contractor. In case of differences, the drilling contractor was requested to repeat the regularisation
        process. The core recovery was calculated and reported as a percentage. This process was completed
        digitally and automatically uploaded to acQuire. When needed, these measurements are compared with
        those obtained by the drilling contractor and. in case of differences, the drilling contractor is requested to
        repeat the regularisation process.

        Core Photography
        Core photography with a digital camera was part of the standard procedures for core logging. Each drill
        hole tray was photographed from the top to show a view of the core in full screen using a device to
        maintain the same illumination in each section of the drill hole (Figure 8-3 A). The start and end depths
        were marked on the open box lid. Typed sheets showing the drill hole ID and core box number were also
        displayed on the core. The photographs were stored online in Imago software (Figure 8-3 B).




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-3:          A) Core Photography. B) Photography Stored in Imago Software
        Logging
        Drill hole logging was performed by geologists at the MEL warehouse (Figure 8-4) and supervised by
        senior MEL geologists. The logging process included preparing a detailed description of the lithology, as
        well as, the description of alteration, mineral zones and a visual grade estimation. Based on the geological


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 69


        description, codes were assigned to each geological unit. The logging process was carried out digitally on
        laptops and uploaded online into acQuire. The process included description of:

             •    Lithology: The description included textural parameters, associations, and mineralogical species.
             •    Alteration: Main and subordinate alteration were registered, the mineralogical species identified,
                  and the intensity of the alteration were described.
             •    Mineralisation: Definition of mineral surfaces associated to the main zones of the deposit such as
                  leached, oxide, mixed, secondary enrichment and primary were recorder. Description includes
                  volume percentage of each sulphide species, oxidised and others. Also, occurrence such as
                  disseminated or veinlets.

        Also, the geologist defined the cutting schemes for core and the assaying schemes.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-4:          Geological Logging
        The geological logging includes its own specific QA/QC procedures. Monthly, 100 m of a specific drill hole
        were randomly selected for cross logging and subsequent review by MEL's senior geologist. The result of
        this validation were reported along with corrective actions and action plans, if determined to be necessary

        The senior geologist was responsible for defining and selecting the sampling intervals to be cut. The mine
        conducts sampling based on a standard 2-m intervals with lengths adjusted to reflect geological contacts.
        When needed, local changes in the length may be needed and the geologist makes this decision
        depending on the complexity of the mineralisation. The sampling intervals were recorded in the core
        recovery database as well as in the core box and were identified with unique sample numbers (bar code).

        To prepare the core sample for submittal to the assay laboratory, 2-m intervals were split in half using a
        manual core cutter (Figure 8-5). One half of the core was carefully retained in the core box and kept for
        future reference, or for other testing purposes. The other half was placed in a plastic bag, labelled using
        the unique barcode and sealed for shipment to the laboratory. The weight of the samples varied between
        8 and 15 kg, depending on the diameter of the drill hole.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 70




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-5:          Hydraulic Guillotine for Core Cutting

        Sample Security
        At MEL, all information collected from drilling to chemical logs was entered electronically, online and
        stored in an acQuire database, allowing traceability and secure data storage (Figure 8-6). Access to the
        acQuire database is controlled by internal company security systems and utilize Windows Authentication.
        Line Managers can request the addition of employees to existing Windows Active Directory groups that
        permit access to the database. Active directory groups are regularly monitored for removal of employees
        no longer requiring access. In addition the acQuire licensing model is used to limit user functionality within
        the software. The license type (Client) permits viewing of most data in the database and restricted write-
        access. Data Entry license holders have additional permissions to enable them to enter data. Manager
        licenses (of which there are only one) permit full access to the database and all acQuire functionality.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-6:          MEL Sample Chain of Custody

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                          Page 71


        In general, actions taken to ensure sample integrity and data security include:

             •    Use of barcoding, which facilitates the digital flow within the database, from drilling to chemical
                  analysis.
             •    All data was stored in acQuire, where the information was validated before being released for
                  further use. Permissions to enter, modify and read data in acQuire were regulated by user type,
                  which prevents loss of information.
             •    Biannual external audits are conducted, with the last one completed during 2021 and included a
                  detailed review of the consistency of the data. Historically there have been no significant findings
                  with only minor observations and recommendations.

8.2      Sample Preparation, Assaying and Analytical Procedures

        Name and Location of Laboratory, Relationship and Certification
        Since 2017, an external commercial laboratory, Bureau Veritas Chile S.A., has been used for the
        mechanical preparation and chemical assays of MEL samples. The laboratory is located in the city of
        Antofagasta, Chile, where all services were performed (Figure 8-7).

        The Bureau Veritas Chile S.A. laboratory is independent of MEL and BHP and is certified by the National
        Accreditation System of the Instituto Nacional de Normalización (INN), as a testing laboratory, according
        to NCh-ISO/IEC 17025:2017.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-7:          Chemical Analysis in External Laboratory

        Sample Preparation and Analysis Protocol at Laboratory
        The procedure used by the laboratory for mechanical preparation and chemical assaying has been
        defined by MEL and includes the laboratory's own internal QA/QC, specifically, accuracy, precision,
        blanks, and granulometric controls, which is, in addition to the QA/QC protocols in place at MEL,
        facilitating the integrity of the reported results.

        The procedure at the laboratory for both DDH and RC mechanical preparation of samples was as follows
        (Figure 8-8):

             •    Sample reception.
             •    Samples weighted and dried.
             •    Primary crushing to 1/2 inch. (12.7 mm)
             •    Secondary crushing 90% to -10# Tyler (150 microns).
             •    Particle sizes control every 10 samples.

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                           Page 72


             •      Rotary splitter to produce 1 kg of sample; pulverised and the rest of the sample treated as
                    rejection.
             •      Drying 1,000 gr for 1 hour.
             •      Pulverised until 95% at - 150# Tyler.
             •      Samples were then homogenised, split and distributed into three labelled envelopes of 250 grams
                    each. These samples were labelled with new bar codes.
             •      A granulometric control was performed every 10 samples.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-8:          Mechanical Preparation Schema, Bureau Veritas Laboratory

        Analytical Methods
        Samples have been assayed by different external laboratories throughout MEL’s history. From the
        exploration stages to the present, they have been performed according to the industry standards of each
        period in addition to incorporating different types of controls to ensure the quality of the results. Table 8-1
        details the laboratories and the type of service used in the different periods.

        Table 8-1:           MEL Laboratories from Exploration to FY2022, by Service Type

          Laboratory                       Period              Chemical Analysis                       Location
          CIMM – Internal and Others
                                           Pre 2003            TCu, SCu, Fe, As, density               Antofagasta
          External laboratories
                                                               TCu, SCu, Fe, As, Partial
          CIMM                             2003 - 2009                                                 Antofagasta
                                                               Extraction (Ptxt), density
          CIMM - Geoanalítica              2009                TCu, SCu, Fe, As, Ptxt density          Antofagasta
          Verilab                          2009 - 2013         Ptxt                                    Antofagasta
          ALS-Chemex                       2009 – 2016         ICP                                     La Serena
          Geoanalítica -CIMM-SGS           2011 - 2016         TCu, SCu, Fe, As, Ptxt, density         Antofagasta
                                                                                                       Antofagasta/
          Bureau Veritas Chile             2017 - present      TCu, SCu, Fe, As, Ptxt, ICP, density.
                                                                                                       ICP Canada
        Source: MEL (2022)


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                              June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                              Page 73


        The analytical schemes used by MEL were divided into two groups. Grade Composite (CL) performed on
        samples every 2 m, and Physical Composites (CF) that are performed every 14 and 16 m. These CFs
        were constructed from original 2 m samples following a procedure that is considered to ensure
        representativity of the composited interval. This is applied below the upper sulphide ceiling (TS) as
        explained in Figure 8-9.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-9:          MEL Flow Chart Summarising Sampling and Analytical Protocol


        Once the samples were analysed, the results were sent electronically to the MEL database administrator
        and uploaded into acQuire. The suite of analyses performed from 2003 to present is shown in Table 8-2.

        Table 8-2:           FY22 Chemical Analyses

          Element            Method                  Digestion                                               Detection Limit
                             Atomic Absorption       Acid digestion (Nitric acid - Perchloric and
          TCu + Fe                                                                                                0.01%
                             Spectrometry (AAS.)     hydrochloric acid)
          SCu                AAS                     Acid Leaching (Sulphuric Ac - Citric Ac.)                    0.01%
          CNCu               AAS                     Leaching (sodium cyanide - deionised water)                  0.01%
          SCuFe              AAS                     Leaching (Sulphuric Acid - Distilled Water)                  0.01%
                                                     Acid digestion (nitric acid - perchloric acid -
          TFe                AAS                                                                                  0.3%
                                                     hydrofluoric acid)
          Sulphur            LECO                    Sodium Carbonate Leaching                                    0.1%
                                                     Sample attack with oxygen to transform the sulphur
          S                  LECO                                                                                 0.1%
                                                     present as sulphide and sulphates to sulphur dioxide.
                                                     Acid digestion (Nitric Acid - Aqua Regia), reading by
          Mo                 AAS                                                                                  3 ppm
                                                     AAS
          Ag                 AAS                     Acid digestion (Nitric Acid - Aqua Regia)                   0.2 ppm
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Partial Extraction
        Partial Extraction (Ptxt) is a technique that was implemented in 2003 (Preece, R., Williams, M.; 2003)
        which has been validated and audited during these years to date. Ptxt has been used in the different
                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                             Page 74


        updates of the Resource model. This analytical technique determines the mineralogy and the volumetric
        contribution of copper and pyrite species in the sample based on a normative mineralogical matrix. The
        current suite of chemical analysis performed is presented in Table 8-3.

        Table 8-3:           Partial Extraction Analysis (Ptxt)

          Element            Method                  Digestion                                               Detection Limit
                                                     Acid digestion (Nitric acid - Perchloric and
          TCu + Fe           AAS                                                                                 0.01%
                                                     hydrochloric acid)
          SCu                AAS                     Acid Leaching (Sulphuric Ac - Citric Ac.)                   0.01%

          CNCu               AAS                     Leaching (sodium cyanide - deionised water)                 0.01%

          CuSFe              AAS                     Leaching (Sulphuric Acid - Distilled Water)                 0.01%
                                                     Acid digestion (nitric acid - perchloric acid -
          TFe                AAS                                                                                 0.3%
                                                     hydrofluoric acid)
          Sulphur            LECO                    Sodium Carbonate Leaching                                   0.1%
                                                     Melting of the sample with an oxygen stream to
          S                  LECO                    transform the sulphur present as sulphide and               0.1%
                                                     sulphates to sulphur dioxide.
                                                     Acid digestion (Nitric Acid - Aqua Regia), reading by
          Mo                 AAS                                                                                3.0 ppm
                                                     AAS
          Ag                 AAS                     Acid digestion (Nitric Acid - Aqua Regia)                  0.2 ppm
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Spectral Analysis for Mineralogical Gangue Information
        The Mineralogical Gangue Information (NIR) technique, implemented since 2016, was used to semi-
        quantitatively define the intensity of alteration minerals, based on a spectrometer through which the
        spectral curves of the materials were captured in the Near Infrared spectrum (NIR: 1001-2500 nm). There
        were a 10 to 20% duplicate sample submitted for QC, which should not exceed a 10% deviation.

        The model currently allows for identifying the group of clays (Kaolinite-Smectite and Pyrophyllite), Sericite,
        Muscovite-Illite, Chlorite, and Biotite. These are variables estimated in the block model and were later
        used for the calculation of the fines indicator (Chapter 10) which is used to define the types of oxides and
        mixed to be sent to the leaching process.

        Density
        Density tests were carried out in all core drilling. Dry density has been determined for 15 to 30 cm drill
        core samples collected at intervals of approximately 10 m. Density was calculated using a wax immersion
        method. Approximately 41,262 density samples have been collected and used for density modelling
        (31,081 for Escondida and 10,181 for Escondida Norte). As QC, 10% of the duplicate tests were carried
        out with another external laboratory (SGS) that should not exceed 1% deviation between pairs.

8.3      Quality Control Procedures/Quality Assurance
        QA/QC programmes are used help to ensure the reliability of assay results from commercial laboratories
        and were performed to industry standard practice. Throughout MEL’s history, the QA/QC has changed
        according to the requirements of each drilling campaign. The main milestones were:

               •    Prior to 2003: QA/QC was performed using a secondary laboratory. Sample labelling was done
                    with sequential numbers manually to ensure blind submission to the laboratory.
               •    2003: Implementation of a QA/QC programme with insertion of standardised reference controls
                    (TSEN) from a round robin of field duplicates, analytical duplicates and blanks. Implementation of
                    pre-printed and manually affixed barcodes on the bags are shown in Figure 8-10.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 75


             •    2005: Implementation of acQuire software as the official platform to store and manage the
                  complete drill hole database. Originally Maskana and GVmapper software was used for the
                  management of drilling and logging information online. During 2010 this software was eliminated,
                  and all processes were migrated into acQuire. This also allowed the usage of rugged tablets for
                  geological logging, sample reception, photography and DDH sampling. All data was consolidated
                  in a single database.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-10:         QA/QC Samples Insertion; A) Label Printing from acQuire; B) Labelling of Pulp
                             and Checking of Position of Controls According to scheme of analysis; C) Control
                             Types
        Major milestones were:

             •    2014: 100% online geological logging.
             •    2016: Online QA/QC monitoring.
             •    2017-2018: Use of acQuire for online analytical monitoring diagrams; diamond cutting and
                  automatic random insertion of duplicates, standards and blanks. Online reporting used for sample
                  weights.
             •    2020-2021: Geometallurgical sampling flow implemented within the acQuire platform

        The QA/QC process include seven (7) types of control samples (Table 8-4) that were inserted during the
        sample preparation and analysis process:

             •    Pulp Replicates: Correspond to samples obtained after the pulverisation. Pulp duplicates are
                  inserted at a rate of 1 every 25 samples, including half in the same shipment and the other half in
                  another shipment or to the control laboratory.
             •    10# Duplicates: Corresponding to the samples obtained after crushing. Coarse duplicates are
                  inserted at a rate of 1 every 25 samples, including half in the same shipment and the other half in
                  another shipment, or to the control laboratory.
             •    Field Duplicates (RC and DDH): Consist of the second core quarter separated for analysis. Field
                  duplicates are inserted at a rate of 1 every 25 samples.
             •    Coarse Blanks: Samples of barren rocks, or prepared with local barren rocks. Coarse blanks are
                  inserted at a rate of 1 every 25 samples.
             •    Fine Blanks: Samples of barren rocks or grades below 0.05% TCu inserted to verify contamination
                  in the chemical analysis process. This corresponds to pulverised quartz and inserted at a rate of 1
                  every 25 samples.
             •    Certified Reference Material (CRM): Samples are purchased from the commercial laboratory,
                  ORE Research & Exploration Pty. Ltd. (OREAS), and include a corresponding certificate. CRMs
                  are inserted at a rate of 1 every 20, or 25 samples, with the CRM chosen randomly. TSEN
                  Reference Materials are MEL own matrix materials prepared by Geoassay laboratory. There are 8
                  standards, covering 0.35% to 2.6% copper grade.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                 Page 76


        Table 8-4:           FY2021 Control Samples for RC and DDH

          Process        Control                Source                 Frequency            Control                     Error
                         Field Duplicate
                                                RC Sample B.                                Precision                   ≤ 30%
                         (RC)                                              1 per
                         Field Duplicate                                   batch
                                                DDH Half core                               Precision                   ≤ 30%
                         (DDH)
                                                                                            Precision.
                                                Post crushing                               Representativeness of
                         Duplicates 10#                                                                                 ≤ 20%
                                                duplicates                                  the sample post
                                                                                            mechanical preparation
                                                                           1 per
                                                Duplicate from
                                                                           batch
                                                the division of                             Accuracy. Inserted
                         Pulp Replicates        the pulp into 2                             post pulverisation          ≤ 10%
                                                envelopes of                                stage
          Composites
                                                250 g.
                                                Barren blast                                Contamination Inserted      Grade > 5 times
                         Coarse Blanks          holes TCU                                   before primary              detection limit (x
                                                <0.02%                                      crushing.                   >0.05% TCu)
                                                                           1 per
                                                                                                                        5% of samples
                                                                           batch
                         Fine                   Pulverised                                  Contamination Inserted      analysed, > 3 times of
                         Blanks                 quartz                                      before the pulverising.     detection limit (x
                                                                                                                        >0.03% TCu).
                                                                                                                        ±2 standard
                         CRM                    Samples
                                                                           1 per                                        deviations, bias < 5%
                         (standards -           certified from a                            Accuracy
                                                                           batch                                        and coefficient of
                         TSEN)                  Round Robin
                                                                                                                        variation < 5%
        Source: MEL (2022)

        QA/QC data was routinely monitored both in the short term and long term:

             •    Short-term: Carried out daily and in all specific batches as they were reported by the laboratory.
             •    Long term: Carried out monthly to identify trends and biases. This review includes analysis of
                  precision, accuracy, and contamination. An annual report of the QA/QC programme results from
                  the drilling campaign was constructed.
             •    Re-assay: Should the quality control standard(s) and/or blanks fail, the batch may be wholly or
                  partly re-assayed at the discretion of the geologist. Where re-assaying has occurred, the QA/QC
                  standards and blanks are checked again, and if approved, the results are added to the database.

        Sample Analysis Controls and Results
        2008 – 2020
        Table 8-5 shows the overall accuracy and precision results of the QA/QC programme for TCu for twelve
        recent calendar years (2008 - 2020), for Field Duplicates (RC and DDH) and CRM. MEL uses a set of
        eight (CRM), which covers the range of TCu grades of the deposit. In general, the TCu CRMs present
        samples within the established 5% bias limits. Table 8-6 details the routine samples inserted from FY08
        (ending June 2008) to FY21 (ending June 2021) at Escondida and Escondida Norte by type of composite.

        Table 8-5:           QA/QC Results for TCu, 2008-2020, Escondida and Escondida Norte

                                                            2008          2009              2010        2011     2012           2013     2014
                             Field Duplicates              98.5%          97.3%         98.4%           98.5%    97.0%          94.6%   98.4%
          Precision
                             Pulp Replicates               98.4%          98.8%         98.8%           98.7%    96.1%          95.4%   99.0%
          Accuracy           CRM (TSEN)                    98.2%          98.5%         98.3%           98.6%    98.4%          98.1%   99.4%

                                                            2015          2016              2017        2018     2019           2020
                             Field Duplicates              99.7%          100%              100%        99.5%    97.7%          99.5%
          Precision
                             Pulp Replicates               98.9%          99.2%         99.7%           100%     100%           99.5%
          Accuracy           CRM (TSEN)                    98.8%          98.8%         99.4%           99.2%    100%           97.5%


                                                         Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                      Page 77


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Table 8-6:            Number of Routine and Control Samples TCu, 2008-2021, Escondida and
                              Escondida Norte

                          MEL_DH_CL                    MEL_DH_CF                          MELEN_DH_CL         MELEN_DH_CF
                        N°               N°          N°                N°                 N°        N°        N°            N°
                      Samples          Control     Samples           Control            Samples   Control   Samples       Control
           FY08        23,127          1,373        4,112             296               66,111    3,781      7,099         412
           FY09        37,119          2,028        6,876             372               82,115    4,513      6,902         383
           FY10        100,495         5,594       16,961            1,190              47,185    2,647      9,516         553
           FY11        74,454          4,663       11,457            1,077              57,931    3,717      7,975        1,007
           FY12        54,635          7,403        5,440            1,307              42,851    5,351      4,323         987
           FY13        26,796          4,078        2,745             636               12,616    1,877      1,189         291
           FY14        22,201          4,118        2,091             488                9,783    1,796      1,161         287
           FY15        17,257          3,134        1,550             340               12,118    2,255      1,474         321
           FY16        13,211          2,372        1,506             284                3,644     650       447              83
           FY17        10,199          1,742        1,083             181                4,840     862       587           104
           FY18        10,419          1,805        935               153                1,623     284       179              28
           FY19         7,906          1,393        884               151                2,974     521       305              51
           FY20         6,434          1,056        742               140                2,314     394       312              48
           FY21         7,758          1,125        746               125                1,664     230       225              36
        Source: MEL (2022)

        In terms of accuracy, TCu was analysed for six (6) types of duplicates (field, coarse and pulp samples). As
        a result, the accuracy for field, preparation, and pulp duplicates was adequate and within acceptable
        ranges.

        2021
        The number of controls for the year 2021, and their results are presented in Table 8-7, with examples of
        some control charts in Figure 8-6 to Figure 8-8.

        Table 8-7:            FY2021 QA/QC Summary

                             Control                      N° Samples         Rate                               Error rate (%)
                                                                                                                      TCu: 0
                                                                                                                     SCu: 0.3
                             Field Duplicate RC                302           1 per batch
                                                                                                                      Fe: 0.7
                                                                                                                       As: 0
                                                                                                                      TCu: 0
                                                                                                                      SCu: 0
                             Field Duplicate DDH                13           1 per batch
                                                                                                                      Fe: 7.7
                                                                                                                       As: 0
          Grade
                                                                                                                      TCu: 0
          Composites
                                                                                                                      SCu: 0
          (CL) y             Duplicates 10#                     99           1 per batch
                                                                                                                       Fe: 0
          Physical
                                                                                                                       As: 0
          Composites
          (CF)                                                                                                        TCu: 0
                                                                                                                     SCu: 3.3
                             Duplicates of pulp                 91           1 per batch
                                                                                                                       Fe: 0
                                                                                                                       As: 0
                             Coarse Blanks                      21           1 per batch                              0.05%
                             Fine Blanks                        21           1 per batch                              0.03%
                                                                             A random mix of 8 CRM inserted,
                             CRM (standards - TSEN)            223                                                 3.55% Bias
                                                                             Grades between 0.35 to 2.71 TCu%
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                      June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                  Page 78


        Duplicates
        As can be seen in Figure 8-11 the accuracy for field, preparation, and pulp duplicates was adequate and
        within acceptable ranges.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-11:         Results of Field, Coarse (10#), and Pulp Duplicates-TCu


        CRM
        Standard sample results show acceptable precision, most samples have TCu values within acceptable
        tolerance limits (Figure 8-12).

        Blanks
        Figure 8-13 shows the results for coarse and fine blanks used in FY21 campaign.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                Page 79




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-12:         Laboratory Results for TSEN59 and 62 of FY21 Campaign




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 8-13:         Coarse and Fine Blanks Result for FY21




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 80



8.4      Opinion on Adequacy
        In the opinion of the QP, at MEL, there were adequate controls in the sample preparation, analysis, and
        security processes for use in the estimation of mineral resources and mineral reserves.

        It is the QP’s opinion that the sample preparation, security, and analytical procedures applied by MEL
        were appropriate and fit for the purpose of establishing an analytical database for use in grade modelling
        and preparation of mineral resources estimates, as summarised in this TRS.

        During a site visit in August 2021, the QP reviewed the core and sampling techniques. The QP found that
        the sampling techniques were appropriate for collecting data for the purpose of preparing geological
        models and mineral resources estimates.

8.5      Non-Conventional Industry Practice
        In the construction of the Resource model, no data was obtained using non-conventional industry
        procedures.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                            Page 81



9        Data Verification
        The QP was provided with the compiled Escondida and Escondida Norte database, in Excel file format,
        which included survey information, downhole geological units, sample intervals and analytical results.

        Drill hole data for Escondida includes 5,764 drill holes, totalling 1,768,738 m of drilling, and with 1,678,615
        m of assays. The Escondida Norte programme consists of 2,832 holes with 923,211 m of drilling and
        908,081 m of analytical samples. Compiled supporting documentation for the Escondida and Escondida
        Norte drilling data included descriptive logs with collar surveys, core photos, and assay information. No
        other sample type were used in the construction of the resource model.

        At MEL, protocols have been defined in order to assure data verification and data storage of both physical
        and electronic records. These protocols were defined for each stage of data acquisition processes: drilling,
        geological logging, chemical analysis and database delivery to users. It is the role of the QP that these
        protocols ensure the quality of the data through periodic reviews of the information entered the database,
        review of database delivery reports and participation in the different audits carried out on the process

9.1      Data Verification Procedures
        Under the plan, data is entered directly into acQuire where the data was first validated in its relational
        definition according to the data model, followed by verifications related to formulas and cross conditions.
        All validations were performed before permitting the export of data for geological modelling and resource
        estimation purposes. Validation in acQuire was applied to survey, geology, and assays (Figure 9-1).

        The QP was responsible for the review of the data used for resource estimate at different stages of the
        process:

             •    Drilling:
                  o Validation of the drill hole coordinates by checking the data recorded at the rig installation.
                  o The drill hole deviation was validated both by a second measurement of the deviation for a
                       percentage of the drill holes, as well as by evaluating the result of the deviation of the drilling
                       hole, which must be less than 5%.
             •    Sampling:
                  o Barcoding was used at all stages of the process, allowing the process to be managed
                     completely blind for the laboratories.
                  o All stages of the sampling process were managed with acQuire without any external
                     intervention.
                  o Specifically, sample checks were carried out on the samples at specific points including, core
                     recovery for RC and DDH, weight of the RC samples, and core recovery.
             •    Assaying:
                  o Assays used in mineral resources estimation have a robust QA/QC process that continuously
                     monitors accuracy, precision and contamination at different stages.
                  o Assay results reports from the laboratory were prepared digitally and the results were
                     automatically uploaded to acQuire.
             •    Logging:
                  o Geological data entry was performed digitally and stored directly in the acQuire database with
                     no manual intervention at any time.
                  o Geological logging was validated by cross-checking and validation by the MEL Senior
                     Geologist.

        An internal validation was performed periodically and includes approximately 5% of the data.

        The database is located on the MEL server and backed up daily.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 82




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 9-1:          Flowsheet of the MEL Data Verification Process


        Data input validation procedures into AcQuire comprised automated import routines developed by MEL.
        These routines force the input data to abide by several data entry/import rules as well as enforcing internal
        validation tools to prevent erroneous data entry. Each time data relating to a drill hole is changed, the
        username, time, and type of alteration (insert, update or deletion) are recorded. Assays are never
        adjusted; however, samples may be re-assayed, if deemed necessary after examination of the
        accompanying QA/QC results.

        External Reviews
        Every two years, MEL performs an external audit to the Resource Models for the main estimated variables
        to include TCu, SCu, and density. This audit considers a detailed and independent expert review and
        validation of the procedures used to estimate the mineral resources via a detailed review of data capture
        and data management, interpretation and modelling of the geology, definition of estimation domains,
        grade estimate, and mineral resources classification. The historical audits performed are presented in
        Table 9-1.

        During these audits, the QP was responsible for defining the scope of the audit, as well as leading and
        coordinating the Escondida and Escondida Norte work teams. In addition, this QP was responsible for
        evaluating the implementation of the recommendations arising from these audits.

        The latest audit was conducted in 2021, by Golder Associates S.A., on the 2021 Resource Model
        (LPMay21) which supports this mineral resources statement as of 30th June 2022 and is reported in
        Golder Associates S.A. 21460151 MEL Auditoria Recursos 2021 revB.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                     Page 83


        Table 9-1:           Mineral Resources Biannual External Audits

          Calendar       Model     Company        Data                Model            Estimation   Density   Mineralogy      For
            year                                Acquisition         Interpret-         TCu & SCu               & Partial   Declaration
                                                                      ation                                   Extraction     Date
                                   CRM - Jeff                                                                               30th June
             2013      LPMay13                     YES                 YES                YES        YES         YES
                                    Sullivan                                                                                  2014
                                   CRM - Jeff                                                                               30th June
             2015      LPMay15                     YES                 YES                YES        YES         YES
                                    Sullivan                                                                                  2016
                                   CRM - Jeff                                                                               30th June
             2017      LPMay17                     YES                 YES                YES        YES         NO
                                    Sullivan                                                                                  2018
                                                                                                                            30th June
             2019      LPMay19       Golder        YES                 YES                YES        YES         YES
                                                                                                                              2020
                                                                                                                            30th June
             2021      LPMay21       Golder        YES                 YES                YES        YES         YES
                                                                                                                              2022
        Source: MEL (2022)



        Internal Reviews
        Internally, every year, the Resource Centre of Excellence (RCoE) of BHP conducts a Resources and
        Reserves Risk Review (RRR&R) upon Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits. This review seeks to
        ensure the reportability of mineral resources and mineral reserves under the international standards of the
        different stock exchanges where BHP makes declarations. The QP is present before the RCoE during the
        audit and is responsible for providing information and answering queries.

        During this review, data management and the QA/QC programme for geological information is evaluated
        to include sample capture and preparation, chemical analysis, normative mineralogy (partial extraction),
        geological logging, spatial location of samples, and database management. No deficiencies were found in
        the handling and quality of the recorded data.

9.2      Limitations
        Since 2005, the QP has been involved in the mineral resources estimate and is not aware of any other
        limitations, nor failure to conduct appropriate data verification.

9.3      Opinion on Data Adequacy
        This QP makes periodic visits to the facilities where data capture, management, and backup activities are
        performed. The QP has validated the data disclosed, including collar survey, downhole geological data
        and observations, sampling, analytical, and other test data underlying the information, or opinions
        contained in the written disclosure presented in this TRS. The QP, by way of the data verification process
        described in this section of the TRS, has used only that data, which was deemed by the QP to have been
        generated with proper industry standard procedures and was accurately transcribed from the original
        source. The QP is also of the opinion that the data being used for the estimation of mineral resources is
        adequate for the purposes used in this TRS. Data excluded from the estimation is minimal and is not
        expected to affect materially the end result of the estimation.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 84



10       Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing
        The main mineralisation style in both Escondida and Escondida Norte consists of copper sulphides, such
        as chalcocite, covellite, and chalcopyrite. In addition, there are zones of oxide mineralisation where
        brochantite, chrysocolla, and antlerite are the main species.

        Three processes were defined after extensive analysis and testwork in early stages of development. The
        understanding of geological characteristics, combined with the metallurgical response of the
        mineralisation, defined the following processing ways:

             •    Concentration of copper sulphides by froth flotation to produce a copper concentrate.
             •    Acid leaching, mostly copper oxides, to produce cathodes,
             •    Bioleaching of copper sulphides, below cutoff grade of concentration process, to produce
                  cathodes.

        These three processes were not all begun at start-up of the MEL operation, which was solely flotation of
        sulphides, but expansions and the addition of other processes were subsequently added. The addition of
        processing facilities, employing different metallurgical processes that depend upon different testwork for
        metallurgical evaluation, is the reason for which the collected data supporting production planning and
        growth projects is presented in the context of these processes.

        In addition, the company obtains economic benefits from the gold and silver recovered as by-products of
        copper production that it markets in the form of metal contained in concentrate.

        Maps presented in this chapter use local mine coordinates derived from the PSAD-56 UTM projection.

10.1     Testing and Procedures

        General
        Because of the overall dominance of copper concentrate as a product, the main activities for the updating
        of the geometallurgical models are focused on the flotation recovery of sulphides. However, the procedure
        for updating the geometallurgical variables includes acid leaching and bioleaching processes. In
        Figure 10-1, the activities related with production forecasting for the sulphide concentrators have been
        coloured light blue, the activities associated with concentrate quality modelling are in orange; finally acid
        and bioleaching models are coloured in green.

        Testing and Laboratories
        The samples for geometallurgical testing come from the following sources:

             •    Infill diamond drilling holes are used mainly for concentration process testing. These drilling
                  programmes provide physical composites 14-16 m length, which are collected in a systematic
                  approach.
             •    Infill reverse circulation drilling and bulk samples extracted from open pit are the main sources of
                  samples for leaching processes because of both geochemical characterisation and mass
                  requirements.

        The drilling campaigns are the main activity to support the planning process and it is focused within the
        volumes to be extracted in the long term mine plan. Figure 10-2 shows the characterisation data collected
        from the drill holes.

        Table 10-1 describes the nature of key metallurgical testwork procedures undertaken for geometallurgical
        characterisation to support both flotation and leaching process routes. Many laboratories and testwork
        facilities have been employed for metallurgical analysis and testing to support the geometallurgical
        evaluation of MEL during its operational life to date. These laboratories have been all independent

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                 Page 85


        external laboratories to MEL, and apply their own Quality assurance processes and/or external
        certifications. The most significant laboratories for MEL are listed in Table 10-2.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 10-1:         MEL Geometallurgical Modelling Flowsheet




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 10-2:         Geometallurgical Testing Scheme

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                    June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                                  Page 86


        Table 10-1:          Description of Key Testwork undertaken for Geometallurgical Characterisation

    Process             Test / Assay                                                                                   Notes
                                              The SPI test is a well-established industry test for estimating specific energy consumption for the crushing and milling of rock in grinding mills.
                                              The result of the SPI Test is expressed in minutes, and is defined as the time required to reduce a mineral sample from a characteristic feed
                   SAG Power Index            size of ½” to a characteristic product size of 1.7 mm. A longer grinding time, with respect to the mean of the distribution of data captured from
                   (SPI)                      the deposit, indicates greater resistance to grinding.
                                              SPI has the advantage of requiring little mass (~ 2 kg) and is therefore suitable for the geometallurgical characterisation of deposits by being
                                              able to provide many data points due to the relative ease of sampling and testwork through diamond drilling.
                                              The BWi test is undertaken to estimate the energy required to grind previously milled rock to a fine size to prepare it for flotation. The test
                                              result is expressed in kWh / t. The test uses 10 kg of ore and the objective is to reach a steady state grinding of the sample. This is to emulate
                                              the replacement ratio of fresh ore to a grinding mill in continuous function. The parameter is equivalent to the mass passing through specific
 Concentration     Bond Work Index (BWi)
                                              opening per revolution. This is repeated for a specific number of grinding cycles. Each cycle has 100 revolutions, wherein a sieve with a given
                                              opening is used to define the defined mesh (grain) size of the product in each cycle. It is a globally accepted test, in terms of its reliability,
                                              repeatability and reproducibility for the design and analysis of ball milling circuits.
                                              The test uses one kilogram of ore, which is ground to a product size (P80) of 150 microns, which means that 80% of the mass passes through
                                              a 150-micron opening sieve. The mineral is deposited in a 3.1 litres laboratory cell and is floated under standard conditions for 12 minutes.
                                              Flotation kinetics can be determined by collecting 4 different concentrates, in cumulative quantities and in separate trays. In addition, at the
                   Rougher Flotation
                                              end of the test, the copper analyses in all the products allow to calculate the recovery at different times and the maximum recovery. The test
                                              outputs the potential recovery of a determined ore and their kinetic curve. It is designed to be executed in standard conditions, using a target of
                                              primary grind size of 150 microns.
                                              Numerous metallurgical programmes have been carried out supporting traditional crushed ore (heap) leaching using acid solutions. These
                                              tests are undertaken in plastic columns of various lengths and diameters to observe and analyse the response of mineralisation to acid bearing
                   Unit Leaching Columns      fluids (leach solutions). The process emulates the actual processes within a heap leaching pad. Standard test conditions for oxide leaching
                                              columns are established to ensure that comparison between different test conditions and ore types may be undertaken. Standard conditions
                                              for MEL are applied for testing.
                                              The test reports the sulphuric acid consumption of a previously ground sample of mineralisation to understand how much acid is consumed by
                   Acid Consumption Test
                                              the leaching of both copper minerals and other acid reactive minerals in a mineralisation type.
 Acid and
                                              Samples were crushed to < 0.5” diameter (crusher set to 25 mm) and prior to testing, the 0.5” crushed ore samples were agglomerated.
 Bioleaching
                                              Physical and hydraulic property laboratory screening tests are conducted to assess the ore hydraulic properties under a range of proposed
                                              heap heights, irrigation rates, and aeration rates. Screening tests and methods included specific gravity, particle size distribution (PSD) of pre-
                   Permeability Tests
                                              test and post-test ore samples using the sieve/ hydrometer and laser diffraction methods, Atterberg limits, dual wall saturated conductivity, dual
                                              wall unsaturated hydraulic conductivity, dual wall air permeability tests, energy-dispersive X-ray fluorescence (EDXRF), X-ray diffraction
                                              (XRD), and moisture retention characteristics (MRC).
                   Agglomeration-             The tests define the optimal acid and moisture dosage for different mineralisation zones. The approach is to run an experimental matrix using
                   Sulphation tests           standard conditions defined by MEL.
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                    June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                    Page 87


        Table 10-2:          Laboratories

          Laboratory         Location     Testing & Assaying                                                       Certifications
                                          Hardness (SAG Power Index, Bond Work Index, Low Energy
                                          Index Test; Abrasion Index ), Rougher Copper Recovery,
                                          Rougher Molybdenum Recovery, Rougher Copper Recovery,
                                          Rougher Copper Kinetic, Tailings rheology (Yield Stress,
                                          viscosity), Settlement Rate, Microtrack Automated Mineralogy
                                          QEMScan / TIMA, X-Ray Diffraction; Whole Rock and Clays
                                          Density Separation and FRX Particle Size Distribution Tests,             ISO 9001
          SGS
                             Chile        Preparation of Irrigation Solution (Artificial Refining), Real Density   ISO14001
          Minerals
                                          (Pycnometre), Agglomerate of Samples; Operation, Control,                ISO 45
                                          Loading and Unloading of Crib, Minicribs and Columns; Gravel
                                          Drying, Disaggregation and Preparation, Treatment and Disposal
                                          of Solutions, Iso-pH bottle leaching tests, Hydraulic conductivity,
                                          Bioactivity Test, Bacterial Amenability, Agglomerate Quality Test,
                                          Sulphation test, ISO-Eh Test, Impact Test Routine Assaying
                                          (copper, iron, arsenic)
          Aminpro            Chile        Hardness (SAG Power Index, Bond Work Index), Pilot Testwork
          MEL Internal                    Focused on production samples. Rougher Flotation test,
          Metallurgical      Chile        Chemical assaying from both concentrator and leaching
          Laboratory                      operations streams.
          CISEM              Chile        Automated Mineralogy QEMScan, X-Ray Diffraction; Whole Rock
          GeoSystems
                             USA          Permeability Testing
          Analysis, Inc.
                                                                                                                   ISO 9001
          ALS Chemex         Canada       Inductive Conductive Plasma (ICP) for 54 Elements assaying
                                                                                                                   ISO14001
                                                                                                                   ISO 9001
                             Chile        Routine Assaying (total copper, Soluble copper, iron, arsenic)
                                                                                                                   ISO14001
          Bureau Veritas
                                          Partial Extraction assaying (Soluble copper at cyanide, ferric           ISO 9001
                             Chile
                                          sulphate, sulphuric+citric acid)                                         ISO14001
        Source: MEL (2022)


10.2     Sample Representativeness
        Sampling for MEL metallurgical testwork has been sourced during the operation to date from:

             •    Samples from drill holes employed to characterize the deposit geologically and chemically.
             •    Dedicated drill holes to recover larger sample mass for testwork.
             •    Bulk samples extracted from tunnels or the open pit.

        Due to the maturity of the geometallurgical modelling, most new samples in the annual model updates are
        taken from regular diamond core drilling (DDH) to save cost and provide easy access to existing drill core.
        This new information is gathered continually and included into the geometallurgical modelling to predict
        metallurgical process response, as an ongoing part of the annual planning cycle. The geochemical
        characterisation, as with the geological characterisation, from drill holes is also employed in
        geometallurgical characterisation and modelling.

        Sulphide Concentrator Sampling
        The sampling process for concentrator testwork, for both hardness and copper recovery, is based on
        systematic sampling of DDH composites generated from alternating 14 m, or 16 m length intervals from
        diamond drill holes. These intervals are chosen to emulate the MEL mining bench height of 15 m, while
        being composited from the routine 2-m long sampling interval. These samples are chosen from diamond
        drill holes throughout the mineral deposit that are selected to characterize feed volumes considered in the
        long term production plan. The selection is prioritised according with both geometallurgical confidence
        criteria and the sequence of exploitation.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                      June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                Page 88




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 10-3:         Spatial distribution of geometallurgical samples



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                             Page 89


        Table 10-3:          Hardness and Recovery Databases Supporting Long Term Plan, as Issued at
                             May21

          Mine                  Test           Database May21
                              Hardness              9,126
          Escondida
                              Recovery              9,120
          Escondida           Hardness              5,996
          Norte               Recovery              6,161
                              Hardness              15,122
          TOTAL
                              Recovery              15,281

        To support the sampling criteria, focused on the long and short term planning process, a geometallurgical
        classification system has been developed to incorporate a quantitative measurement of risk and
        uncertainty in mining plans for metallurgical parameters. The geometallurgical classification system is
        applied to the hardness and copper recovery data for concentrators and it works similar to resource
        categorisation.

        In this case the terminology for geometallurgical variables has been defined as Local, Global and
        Assigned confidence depending on the holes, samples and distance that have been used to interpolate a
        single block. The “Assigned” classification it is related with blocks that are valued by means of global
        averages from the database where the input of fundamental information on grades and geology is always
        available, and this significantly decreases uncertainty expectations. The definition of this classification is
        shown in the Table 10-4, with the results shown in Figure 10-4.

        Table 10-4:          Geometallurgical Classification Definition for Hardness and Recovery

          Classification          Definition
                                  Interpolated Blocks. Sample Distance ≤100 m. Samples used for Interpolation ≥5.
          Local Confidence
                                  Drill Holes used ≥4
                                  Interpolated Blocks. Sample Distance >100 m. Samples used for Interpolation <5.
          Global Confidence
                                  Drill Holes used <4
                                  Global averages from the database using grades, geology combinations where no
          Assigned
                                  geometallurgical samples are available.
        Source: MEL (2022)




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 10-4:         Geometallurgical Classification Profile for Copper Recovery at Concentrators on
                             Long Term Plan 22
                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 90


        The system provides information by which volumes with higher uncertainty, or risk to the metallurgical
        estimate, are identified so that drilling plans and/or sampling from existing drill holes, can be directed
        reduce uncertainty.

        Acid Leach (Oxide and Mixed) and Acid Bio Leach (Sulphide) Sampling
        Sampling for metallurgical testwork for these processes is no longer undertaken. During the early phases
        of these processes, bulk samples were obtained from large diameter DDH, sampling tunnels, and bulk
        samples taken from the operating pits. This was required to generate the large mass of sample required
        for testwork.

        Based on that historical testwork, the process models for oxide leaching were developed and validated
        and these has been in use to date. The process models for oxide leaching continuously updated, because
        of the new data collected. The process models for leaching is fully linked with the geological and
        mineralogical data collected from routine characterisation.

        In early stages of bioleaching for the sulphides, the project tested successfully a 500,000 t demonstration
        leach pad. It was constructed with ore extracted from the Escondida pit in 1999. Details of these sampling
        programmes are not presented in this TRS, since their importance has been displaced by the empirical
        use of the geometallurgical models that were thusly derived.

        The maturity of the metallurgical parameters are now gathered from both regular 2 m geochemical and 14
        m-16 m characterisation from infill drilling programme. This is an ongoing process that updates the
        geometallurgical models.

        The model has information concerning the different types of geology present in both the reserves plan and
        the mineral resources volume to include principal alteration types, predominant lithologies, and
        mineralogical zones. This information informs the definition of ore types that are employed in ongoing
        characterisation and planning. The acquisition of information, and consequently the data density, reflects
        the difference in the geometallurgical complexity (variability) of the deposit. MEL undertakes a continuous
        process of data acquisition to support both long term planning and mining operations.

        In the opinion of the QP, the data coverage provides sufficient representativity of the volume of the deposit
        to support the life of the mineral reserves. The maturity of the operation gives additional support for
        calibration and reconciliation process to improve both modelling and forecasting.

10.3     Relevant Results
        The process established for the interpretation of collected analytical and testwork data and the transfer
        into the block model is through two ways to include when data density is higher enough, because of
        systematic sampling then a geostatistical interpolation is applied, or for variables that have either lower
        density of data points, or less inherent geological variability and the parameters are included in the block
        model by the allocation of global averages determined by the geological characteristics.

        This process is underpinned by statistical analysis that has established discrete volumes of the deposit
        (estimation domains) that have been demonstrated as being populations with similar statistical
        characteristics. Finally, process models are applied based on the installed capacity to forecast mill
        throughput, flotation recovery, concentrate quality, and leach recovery for both long term and short term
        mine planning. Table 10-5 summarizes the methodology applied for each parameter to transfer into the
        block model.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                                          Page 91


        Table 10-5:          Testwork for Geometallurgical Process

      Parameter                                            Modelling Method                                                                                 Input
 Concentrator Process (Sulphides)
                         Geostatistical interpolation and global averages, conditioned by the geological
 Hardness Model                                                                                                       Database of SAG Power Index (SPI) and Bond Work Index (BWI) testing.
                         characterisation
                         Specific-by-plant algorithm which calculates processing rates at resources block
 Throughput              model using SPI and BWI inputs. A power-based model using installed capacity                 Hardness Model
                         for the concentrators.
                                                                                                                      Database of rougher flotation test results employing scale-up factors to reflect
 Copper Recovery         Geostatistical interpolation and global averages, based on geological controls.
                                                                                                                      the physical nature of each concentrator
                         Algorithm which calculates expected grade at concentrate at the resources block
 Concentrate Grade                                                                                                    Copper minerals and Pyrite content from mineralogical model.
                         model
 Impurities and          Algorithm which calculates expected content at the concentrate at the resources
                                                                                                                      Recovery factors come from operational evidence.
 Payable elements        block model using an expected recovery at the process.
 Acid Leaching Process (Oxide and Mixed ore)
                         Assigned to the block model conditioned by the geological characterisation and
 Leach Recovery                                                                                                       Principally derived from column test work recoveries
                         oxidation ratio
                         Assigned to the block model conditioned by the mineralogical characterisation of
 Acid Consumption                                                                                                     Derived from testwork.
                         gangue minerals
 Bioleaching Process (Sulphides and Mixed ore)
                                                                                                                      Principally derived from large scale test working, test pad leaching work and
                         Algorithm which calculates expected copper recovery at the resources block
 Leach Recovery                                                                                                       empirical operational evidence. The fundamental is that each copper mineral
                         model based on copper mineralogy. It is calculated at fixed leaching time.
                                                                                                                      species has specific recovery.
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                                                   Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                  Page 92


        As result of the previous methodology, the key metallurgical processing parameters are included in the
        long term geological (resource) block model that is used for long term planning that underpins mineral
        reserves. The procedures for estimation and/or assignment of these parameters have been developed
        during the ongoing operation of MEL that has included the addition of new metallurgical processing
        alternatives (oxide leaching and sulphide leaching) as well as successive expansion of the principal
        process (sulphide flotation and concentration). The modelling techniques and procedures are considered
        to be mature and are an appropriate reflection of the variability presented within the deposit given the
        nature of the current processing facilities. While the approach is identical for the two deposits that are
        currently being mined, namely Escondida and Escondida Norte, the outcomes are distinctive, due to the
        distribution of geological characteristics.

        In the QP’s opinion, the data support is adequate for forecasting purposes of both copper recovery and
        acid consumption over the life of the operation.

        Hardness Model
        The hardness is evaluated on the basis of the geological characteristics and is different between
        Escondida and Escondida Norte. The hardness estimate of SPI and BWi values is the fundamental input
        for the calculation of concentrator throughput. The following geological units (domains) have been
        established on the basis of statistical analysis, and mean SPI and BWi testwork results and are presented
        for each deposit. The evaluation of these domains is updated annually as additional testwork data is
        acquired.

        In the QP’s opinion, the historical data and future forecast shows strong correlation of harness modelling.
        For this reason, the QP feels that no additional data is currently needed.

        Escondida Deposit
        The results of database analysis of SPI and BWi results generates a hardness domain definition (UG
        DUR) that presents 7 geological units. These basic domains, based upon lithology combined with
        alteration, are refined by consideration of the vertical distance from the highest elevation of the mineral
        Anhydrite. The occurrence of the mineral Anhydrite has been identified as a geological control for ore
        hardness. The greater the depth from the anhydrite level, the greater the hardness of the rock. The
        definition of domains for hardness is presented in Table 10-6. Table 10-6 also presents a summary of the
        number of sample data and the mean results from database analysis.

        Table 10-6:          Hardness Domain Definition (UG DUR) and Results for Escondida

           UG DUR         Distance from                                                                    SPI      BWi
                                               Alteration                     Lithology         Samples
            CODE         Anhydrite Level                                                                  (min)   (kWh/t)
                                                                  Quartz Porphyry-Andesites-
               1                            Quartz-Sericite-                                     2893      42      11.1
                                                                  Breccias-Intrusive Porphyry
                          Greater than          Clays
               2          150 m above                                           Others           2184      51      13.1
               3                                Others                                           1277      66      13.0
                                            Quartz-Sericite-
               4           Less than                                                             1223      57      13.0
                                                Clays
                          150 m above
               5                                Others                             All           820       80      13.2
                                            Quartz-Sericite-
               6                                                                                 101       89      14.0
                              Below             Clays
               7                                Others                                           602      138      15.7
        Source: MEL (2022)


        In the QP’s opinion, the historical data and future forecast shows strong correlation of harness modelling.
        For this reason, the QP considers that no additional data is currently needed.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                  June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                   Page 93


        Escondida Norte Deposit
        The results of database analysis for SPI and BWi results generates a hardness domain definition (UG
        DUR) that presents four geological units. For the 2020 Resource model update, the structural model was
        included as an additional geological control for hardness. The definition of domains for hardness is
        presented in Table 10-7 that also provides the numbers of samples and results from the database
        analysis.

        Table 10-7:          Hardness Domain Definition (UG DUR) for Escondida Norte

           UG DUR        Structural
                                            Alteration                  Lithology               Samples      SPI (min)       BWi (kWh/t)
            CODE          Domain
               1             1        Quartz-Sericite-Clays                                         503         35              10.3
                                                                             -
               2                             Biotite                                                259        129              13.3
               3          Others                                   Rhyolitic Porphyry               1,024       77              14.9
                                             Others
               4                                                         Others                     3,844       62              12.2
        Source: MEL (2022)

        In the QP’s opinion, the historical data and future forecast shows strong correlation of harness modelling.
        For this reason, the QP feels that no additional data is currently needed.

        Throughput in Milling Plants
        The expected throughput for the overall milling circuits of each of MEL’s concentrators is calculated using
        two power-based models, one for each of the stages in the overall milling circuit. These are the Semi-
        Autogenous Grinding (SAG) mills and the ball mills.

        For the throughput for SAG milling the algorithm uses the estimated SPI value (the Hardness Model) as a
        single variable, the rest of the parameters are constant. The algorithm is the following:

                                                         % 𝑃𝑜𝑤𝑒𝑟 𝑈𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑧𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑆𝐴𝐺 (∑ 𝐾𝑊𝑆𝐴𝐺 )
                                           𝑇𝑃𝐻𝑆𝐴𝐺 =                                             𝑛
                                                                                        1
                                                                    𝐶 ∗ (𝑺𝑷𝑰 ∗              )
                                                                                       √𝑇80

        For the ball milling stage, the algorithm uses the estimated BWi value (the Hardness Model) as the only
        variable, the rest of the parameters remain constant, and thus the throughput estimate is as follows:
                                                         % 𝑃𝑜𝑤𝑒𝑟 𝑈𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑧𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑀𝐵 (∑ 𝐾𝑊𝑀𝐵 )
                                            𝑇𝑃𝐻𝑀𝐵 =
                                                                               1    1
                                                           {10 ∗ 𝑩𝑾𝑰 ∗ (          −     )} ∗ 𝑓
                                                                              √𝑃80 √𝑇80

        The plant parameters for the different milling circuits in MEL’s two flotation plants used for the throughput
        estimates are presented in Table 10-8.

        Table 10-8:          Parameters for throughput Estimates

                                                                     LOS COLORADOS                                    LAGUNA SECA
                         Parameter
                                                              L1                  L2                  L3              L1                L2
          Installed Power SAG (kW)                          4.100                4.100            15.700          19.400               24.000
                                                                                                2 x 6.700       3 x 13.430
          Installed Power MB (kW)                          2 x 4.100        2 x 4.100                                              4 x 15.700
                                                                                                1 x 10.400      1 x 15.666
          % Power Utilisation SAG                             90                  90                90              90                  90
          % Power Utilisation Ball Mills                      95                  95                  95              95                95
          Transfer Size T80 (microns)                       6.000                6.000               6.000           8.500             8.500
          Milling Product Size P80 (microns)                 145                 145                  145            145                145
        Source: MEL (2022)


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                    June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                             Page 94


        In the QP’s opinion, the historical data and future forecast shows strong correlation of throughput
        modelling. For this reason, the QP feels that no additional data is currently needed.

        Copper Recovery in Flotation Plants
        The recovery estimates is based upon the rougher recovery tests acquired from the sampling and testing
        of diamond drill core samples. These results are scaled-up, in accordance with normal industry practice,
        for each concentrator using the following equation to obtain a final recovery estimate as a function of
        rougher recovery:

        RecFinal = RecRougher * fCleaner

        fCleaner: Recovery factor for cleaner stage

        The cleaner recovery factors used for each of the concentrators are: 96.5% for Los Colorados and 97% for
        Laguna Seca Line 1 and Line 2. These numbers are derived from design criteria of the cleaner circuit.

        As with the hardness model the analysis of the input test data is undertaken on the two deposits
        independently in recognition of the geological differences between them.

        In the QP’s opinion, the historical data and future forecast shows strong correlation of copper recovery in
        flotation plants modelling. For this reason, the QP feels that no additional data is currently needed.

        Escondida Deposit
        Statistical data analysis carried out for rougher recovery data has to evaluate flotation domains (UG Rec).
        These basic domains, based upon mineral zone, lithology and alteration. The definition of the flotation
        estimation domains for the Escondida deposit comprises seven domains and is presented in Table 10-9.
        Table 10-9 also presents a summary of the number of sample data and the mean results from database
        analysis.

        Table 10-9:          Domains Definition for Copper Recovery (UG Rec) and Results for Escondida

                                                                                                                  Recovery
           UG Rec              Lithology                     Alteration                Mineral Zone     Samples
                                                                                                                    (%)
              0                    All                           All                      Oxides         191        79.8
              1                                                             High Enrichment Sulphides    2,277      88.8
                                                    Quartz-Sericite-Clays /
              2              Non-Andesites                                  Low Enrichment Sulphides     1,254      89.1
                                                          Potassic
              3                                                                 Primary Sulphides        2,770      86.4
              4       Non (Andesites or Intrusive) Sericite-Chlorite-Clays                               465        85.0
                                                   Quartz-Sericite-Clays /
              5               Andesites                                                All Sulphides     778        82.3
                                                           Potassic
              6         Andesites or Intrusive     Sericite-Chlorite-Clays                               1,385      76.6
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Escondida Norte Deposit
        Evaluation of Escondida Norte has been undertaken in the same fashion as Escondida. This has also
        generated seven estimation domains. Whilst there are certain common elements between the resulting
        domains there are differences that reflect the geological differences between the deposits. Table 10-10
        presents a summary of the number of sample data and the mean results from the samples at the
        database.

        The TPH model presents low levels of deviation in terms of reconciliation where a relative error on plant
        results of 2.2% is obtained for the total of the FY18-FY21 period, as shown in Figure 10-5.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                    Page 95


        Table 10-10:         Domains Definition for Copper Recovery (UG Rec) and Results for Escondida
                             Norte

           UG Rec                    Lithology                   Alteration             Mineral Zone    Samples Recovery (%)
              0       All                                             All              Oxides             90        81.1
                                                                                High Enrichment / Low
              1       Feldspar Porphyry / Breccias                  QSC                                  1,138      89.3
                                                                                Enrichment Sulphides
              2       Feldspar Porphyry / Breccias                  QSC           Primary Sulphides       915       85.6
              3       Rhyolitic Porphyry / Coarse Porphyry          QSC                                  1,180      89.9
              4       No Andesites                                SCC/ K                                 1,197      82.2
                                                                                        All Sulphides
              5       Andesites                                     QSC                                   503       83.0
              6       Andesites                                    SCC/K                                 1,138      79.0
        Source: MEL (2022)




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 10-5:         Throughput Model Reconciliation
        In the case of the Rougher Copper Recovery model, a difference of approximately 0.1% over plant results
        is observed in the FY18-FY21 period, on a quarterly basis (Figure 10-6). In FY21, this difference is
        approximately 1% below the plant result also evaluated on a quarterly basis.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 10-6:         Recovery Model Reconciliation




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                      June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                              Page 96


        Acid Leaching of Oxides and Mixed Mineralisation
        The metallurgical support for oxide leach was developed in 1997 for Escondida ore. It was based on
        testwork of large composites representative of the main oxides groups which were defined as a function of
        the oxidation ratio and the clays content. The testwork included a set of leaching columns and pilot testing
        for solutions treatment with the objective of determined expected recovery and acid consumption of the
        oxide ore. Further testwork were carried out in 2001 for Escondida Norte ore which updated metallurgical
        results and recommended to maintain the defined oxide groups.

        Recent work in 2020 differentiated extraction curves at leaching for oxides and mixed ore, in order to
        enable mixed ore to the acid leaching process because of lower availability of oxides at the mine plans.

        In addition to geometallurgical characterisation for processing based up of geological variables, an
        important criteria for classifying ore-types employed in MEL is the Solubility Ratio (RS) (also referred to as
        the Oxidation Ratio). This parameter is obtained from chemical analysis of copper minerals and
        corresponds to the percentage of copper soluble in sulphuric acid (SCu) with respect to the total copper
        content (TCu).

        To define the ore-types for oxides and mixed, a sub-classification based on; i), the RS, which accounts for
        the potential copper recovery in leaching processes; and ii), the potential for the generation of fine
        particulate material (fines), which is a consequence of the proportions and characteristics of gangue
        minerals. The definition of fines in the process corresponds to the particle size less than 150 microns
        (−100 Mesh). Fines are important to leaching processes, because they may impact the permeability of the
        leach pads thereby impeding fluid flow and copper recovery.

        The resulting acid leaching sub-classification system uses routine chemical analysis, geological mapping
        information, and gangue mineralogy determinations using the near infrared (NIR) technique. These groups
        were correlated with fines measurements from process feed samples. Table 10-11 shows the ore-types
        definition for Escondida and Escondida Norte for acid leaching process.

        Table 10-11:          Ore Types Definition for Acid Leaching Process

                                           Solubility Ratio               Soluble Copper content   (*) Fines Index
                Ore-Type
                                              (SCu/TCu)                            (SCu (%))

                 Oxide A                                                           SCu ≥ 0.8             0
                 Oxide B                                                       0.2 ≤ SCu < 0.8           0
                                         0.5 ≤ SCu/TCu ≤ 1
                 Oxide C                                                           SCu ≥ 0.8             1
                 Oxide D                                                       0.2 ≤ SCu < 0.8           1
                 Mixed A                                                                                 0
                                       0.15 ≤ SCu/TCu < 0.5                                 -
                 Mixed C                                                                                 1
        Note: (*) Index Interpretation: 0 = Low Fines Probability; 1= High Fines Probability.
        Source: MEL (2021)


        The recovery results are discrete by solubility ratio, fines content, and the content of mineral species with
        higher acid consumption. The general algorithms that allow to estimate copper recovery at the oxide and
        mixed groups are based on the solubility ratio as follows:
                                                                       𝑆𝐶𝑢        (𝑇𝐶𝑢 − 𝑆𝐶𝑢)
                                                𝑅𝑒𝑐𝑂𝑥𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑠 = 76 ∗           + 52 ∗
                                                                       𝑇𝐶𝑢           𝑇𝐶𝑢
                                                                  𝑆𝐶𝑢        (0.87 ∗ 𝑇𝐶𝑢 − 𝑆𝐶𝑢)
                                            𝑅𝑒𝑐𝑀𝑖𝑥𝑒𝑑 = 76 ∗           + 40 ∗
                                                                  𝑇𝐶𝑢                𝑇𝐶𝑢
        The geometallurgical characterisation for leaching processes (bulk samples for column testwork) requires
        a higher mass requirement for concentrator processes (drill hole composites) which places a constraint
                                                         Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                     Page 97


        upon regular, high density sampling through the deposit. Sample numbers and density are
        therefore generally lower for leaching characteristics. In response to this a global average
        allocation on the basis of oretypes is currently used to assign both copper recovery and acid
        consumption. Operational experience demonstrates that this is an acceptable predictor of
        metallurgical processes outcomes for leaching processes.

        Acid Bioleaching of Sulphide Mineralisation
        The original concept of the sulphide leaching operations was to process, through a bioleaching process,
        all the low grade minerals that were not considered within the planning of the existing processes at MEL to
        include; (i), sulphides under the cut-off grade to the concentrator; (ii), untreated mixed in the acid leaching
        process; and (iii), unplanned oxides. The feasibility definitions for this operation account for the following
        assumptions:

             •    The process is designed to leach minerals in heaps under the Run-of-Mine (ROM) concept, that
                  is, without prior crushing, using an acid solution and bacterial inoculation as leaching agents. The
                  leaching cycle is at least 450 days for each ore strip.
             •    The expected global recovery of the process is 36% for the sulphide ore.

        The process is fed with minerals from the Escondida and Escondida Norte pits. The deposits are enriched
        supergene copper porphyries with significant presence of sulphide copper minerals. The main copper
        sulphides are chalcocite, covellite, and chalcopyrite with a smaller amount of bornite and enargite. Some
        copper oxide minerals are also present, such as brochantite and chrysocolla. In general, the deposits have
        a very similar geology, with quartz-sericitic and chloritic alteration associated with the main mineralisation
        zones. The feed has been categorised consistently with existing geological modelling and resource
        evaluation of the deposits. Such categories consist of three groups of low grade sulphides, discretised by
        their geological combinations, which are expected to have different acid consumptions. Table 10-12
        specifies the definitions of the types of sulphides under the concentrator cut-off grade, which are fed to the
        process.

        Table 10-12:         Ore Types Definition for Sulphides to Bioleaching Process

           Sulphide Leach Oretype         Lithology & Alteration                            Geological Description
                                                                         Escondida Porphyry, Rhyolite Porphyry or Breccia.
                                        Porphyries                       Granodiorite Porphyry Complex, Rhyolite Porphyry
                      M1
                                        Quartz-Sericite-Clay
                                                                         Quartz-sericite-clay alteration

                                        Andesite                         Andesite volcanics
                      M2
                                        Chlorite-Clay                    Sericite-chlorite-clay alteration

                                        Andesite                         Andesite volcanics
                                        Potassic                         Potassic alteration

                                        Andesite                         Andesite volcanics
                                        Quartz-Sericite-Clay             Quartz-sericite-clay alteration
                      M3                                                 Escondida Porphyry, Rhyolite Porphyry or Breccia.
                                        Porphyries                       Granodiorite Porphyry Complex, Rhyolite Porphyry
                                        Chlorite-Clay
                                                                         Sericite-chlorite-clay alteration

                                        Porphyries                       Escondida Porphyry, Rhyolite Porphyry or Breccia
                                        Potassic                         Potassic alteration
        Source: MEL (2022)


        The metallurgical response of the minerals was determined through a series of tests whose objective was
        to establish the copper recovery and acid consumption expected in the bioleaching process of ROM
        minerals as well as to establish the key operational factors for control and leaching performance.
                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 98


        In order to validate the preliminary results, a demonstrative pad was built where the main ore-types M1
        and M2 were tested, using ROM materials from the Escondida pit. About 200,000 t of ore was deposited
        on a specially prepared field. Prior to leaching, the ore feed was drilled, analysed, and modelled for grade
        and mineralogy. Once the leaching cycle was completed, the heap was drilled and the cuttings samples
        analysed, and the information collected was used to build a post-leaching block model. Both metallurgical
        tests carried out at 6-t crib and the demonstration pad used mostly ROM ore.

        The predictions of leaching rates and copper recoveries require a quantitative estimate of the copper-iron-
        sulphur mineralogy. The determination of these parameters is conducted within the framework of the
        mineralogical block model. The sulphide mineral assemblage identified within and below the chalcocite
        enrichment blanket is well suited for a suite of copper, iron, and sulphur analyses to quantitatively
        determine chalcopyrite, chalcocite, covellite, and pyrite mineral contents in the ore. On the basis of the
        mineralogical identification, the chemical method of partial extraction (PtXt) is applied to samples from the
        Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits with the objective of generate a sulphide mineralogy model. The
        technique employs three different lixiviants that are run on different aliquots of the same sample, as
        opposed to sequential leaching, where the same aliquot is sequentially attacked with different chemical
        digestions.

        Mineralogy calculations use the following chemical digestions of copper on separate samples:

             •    Total Copper (TCu)
             •    Copper Soluble in (Citric Acid + Sulphuric Acid)
             •    Soluble Copper in Ferric Sulphate
             •    Soluble Copper in Sodium Cyanide

        In addition, the following specific chemical assays are used to include total iron, total sulphur, sulphur from
        sulphides (not soluble in Na2CO3), and total arsenic. By comparing the extractions of the pure species
        (chalcocite, covellite and chalcopyrite) with the analytical results of a given sample, the technique provides
        a quantitative determination of copper sulphides. For each sample, it is possible to determine a copper
        source ratio (CSR) that is the proportion of total copper contributed by each of the copper minerals in the
        sample and copper source percentage (CSP) that represents the absolute percentage of copper in the
        compound sample for each of the minerals. In other words, for CSRs and CSPs, the following is true:

             •    Sum of CSR = 1
             •    Sum of CSP = Total Copper Grade

        Thus, CSR and CSP represent two different ways of expressing the copper contained in the minerals
        present in the sample. The mineralogical composition can be calculated from the CSP values, weighting
        the proportions of copper in the constituent minerals. The weight percentage is the total weighted
        percentage of the mineral in the sample and is determined based on the stoichiometry, which is
        determined experimentally, based on the composition of the minerals found in the deposit. Normative
        mineralogy is now routinely interpolated and is part of MEL's resource models.

        The expected recovery at 450 days of leaching is presented as a function of the main sulphide mineralogy
        (chalcocite, covellite, and chalcopyrite), as shown Table 10-13.

        Table 10-13:         Leaching as a Function of the Main Sulphide Mineralogy

                                                 Chalcocite                      Covellite   Chalcopyrite

          Recovery (%)                               54                                39        19
        Source: MEL (2010)




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 99


        Thus, the expected recovery for the copper sulphides fed to the sulphide leaching process is determined
        as:

                               𝑅𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑦 = (𝐶𝑆𝑅𝑐𝑐 × 0.54 + 𝐶𝑆𝑅𝑐𝑣 × 0.39 + 𝐶𝑆𝑅𝑐𝑝𝑦 × 0.19) × 100

        The recovery of mixes was established as 30% of the insoluble copper and 60% of the soluble copper
        while the recovery of copper from oxides was established at 60%.

10.4     Payables and Deleterious Elements
        The trace elements considered in the resource model at MEL include gold, silver, molybdenum, arsenic,
        cadmium, lead, zinc, bismuth, and antimony. All of these elements are reported because of their natural
        occurrence in the copper concentrate. However, there is currently no designed and installed process in
        the resource model at MEL to recover these elements. Only gold and silver add value to the copper
        concentrate in terms of sale price, since the commercial price reached by the copper concentrate
        increases if its content is greater than any of these.

        The elements arsenic, cadmium, lead, zinc, bismuth, and antimony are considered impurities in the copper
        concentrate for which it receives penalties if it exceeds the permitted limit values. For this reason, the
        estimation of the content of these elements is relevant in order to not affect the sale price of the copper
        concentrates.

        To obtain the content of a given element at the concentrate, the following algorithm is used, where the
        fundamental input is the in-situ content of the element in each block, as follows:
                                         𝑇𝑜𝑛𝑠 𝑜𝑓 𝑂𝑟𝑒 𝐹𝑒𝑑 ∗ 𝐸𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐺𝑟𝑎𝑑𝑒 ∗ 𝑅𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑦 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟 𝐸𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡
                        𝐸𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 =
                                                              𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑇𝑜𝑛𝑠
        The recovery factors for the elements are calculated based on different groups assigned according to the
        lithology, mineralogical zone and alteration, and the associated tonnages for each mine.

        There is no significant content of deleterious elements in the mineralised zones of sulphides. Only arsenic
        occurs at the deposit in the form of enargite. Arsenic is associated with polymetallic veins and structures
        with only limited impact upon long term concentrate quality. Payable metals as gold and silver are present
        in concentrations that are locally sufficient to contribute to overall revenue from the sale of copper
        concentrate product, but are insufficient to be considered as drivers of the overall mine and business
        planning process. Gold and silver as sub-products are analysed within the copper concentrate product
        and through established contracts revenue is received according to the level of these contents within the
        copper concentrate product.

10.5     Adequacy of Data and Non-Conventional Industry Practice
        It is the QP’s opinion that the geometallurgical data being used for the estimation and characterisation of
        product types is adequate for the purposes used in this TRS. The current testing, modelling, and analytical
        practices for geometallurgical variables are considered conventional. Reconciliation information on key
        geometallurgical parameters adequately supports the long term plan; and therefore, in the opinion of the
        QP, there is limited risk in using the results for throughput and metallurgical performance within Resource
        model.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 100



11       Mineral Resources Estimate
        The mineral resources estimate for the MEL property is reported in accordance with the SEC S-K 1300
        Regulations. For estimating the mineral resources of Escondida and Escondida Norte, the following
        definition as set forth in the S-K 1300 Definition Standards adopted December 26, 2018, was applied.

        The mineral resources presented in this section are not mineral reserves and do not reflect demonstrated
        economic viability. The reported Inferred mineral resources are considered too speculative geologically to
        have the economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be categorised as mineral
        reserves. There is no certainty that all or any part of these mineral resources will be converted into Mineral
        Reserve. All figures are rounded to reflect the relative accuracy of the estimates and totals may not add
        correctly.

        The effective date of the mineral resources estimate is June 30, 2022.

        Maps presented in this chapter use local mine coordinates derived from the PSAD-56 UTM projection.

        The mineral resources estimate was reported from within a constrained pit shell, using Whittle software,
        based on economics described later in this section. The MEL resource estimate contains both the
        Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits in separate block models. Escondida and Escondida Norte
        have been extensively drilled, with approximately 2,690,000 m of drilling forming the base of the LP2021
        resource model, based in part on geological knowledge acquired over the past 30 years of exploration and
        operation. It is the opinion of the QP that the drilling grid is considered to be sufficiently spaced to
        confidently define the geological domains for modelling purposes.

        The mineral resources qualified person visits sites regularly for program planning and reviews, gaining
        further understanding of exploration programs and interpreted geological framework.

        The key elements of the geological modelling and resource estimation process are described below.

11.1     Key Assumptions, Parameters, and Methods Used
        This mineral resources estimate was determined using a block model methodology based on the Ordinary
        Kriging (OK) interpolation method. Drill hole sample data was capped locally to control outlier values and
        then composited for each estimation domain with the distributive method. Mineral resources categories
        were assigned to the model based on uncertainty from simulation of geology and grade. Mineral resources
        estimates were constrained by an open pit shell based on economic criteria outlined in Chapter 12.

11.2     Geological Modelling
        The geological modelling utilizes a dynamic 3D methodology using Vulcan software. This methodology
        allows on-screen geological interpretation and updating of the mineral resource model with new drill hole
        data through implicit methodology. The advantage of this methodology is the high level of traceability and
        accountability in the construction of models, allowing the handling large amounts of information and
        optimising the time involved.

        Four variables: lithology, alteration, mineralogical zone and copper sulphide abundance, were modelled
        for Escondida and Escondida Norte. Also, at Escondida, the Porphyry Intrusive Pulse variable, which
        describes the different pulses of mineralisation, was modelled.

        Lithology
        There are 12 units built into the lithological model. The lithological model included the following units, as
        described in Table 11-1. Figure 11-1 shows vertical sections for the Escondida and Escondida Norte
        deposits for lithology, including the model and drill hole.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                 Page 101


        Table 11-1:          Lithologies Included in the Geological Model for Escondida and Escondida Norte

                   Comment                                    Lithology                 Modelling code
                                          Black Porphyry                                     12
                                          Early Porphyry                                     13
          Pre mineral
                                          Coarse porphyry                                     7
                                          Rhyolitic Porphyry (Escondida Norte)                2
          Mineralised                     Feldspar Porphyry                                   1
                                          Intermineral Porphyry                              18
          Inter mineral
                                          Cuarciferous porphyry (Escondida)                   2
                                          Green Granodiorite                                  5
          Post mineral
                                          Dacitic porphyry                                    9
                                          Andesite                                            3
          Others                          Breccia                                             4
                                          Gravels                                             6
        Source: MEL (2022)




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-1:         Example Lithology Cross-Section for Escondida Section 108,260N (top) and
                             Escondida Norte Section 114,000N (bottom)


                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                    June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                       Page 102


        Alteration
        Four units were built into the alteration model, identifying the different hydrothermal alteration events for
        copper porphyry. The alteration model considered the lithological units described in Table 11-2. The
        alteration model is an important way to ensure minimal effect during the processing recovery. For this
        reason, MEL ensures that the alteration model is part of the mineral resources estimation and any high
        clay areas are flagged as potential issue for plant recovery. Figure 11-2 shows vertical sections for both
        Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits for alteration, showing the model and drill holes code
        consistency.

        Table 11-2:          Alteration Included in the Geological Model for Escondida and Escondida Norte

          Section                                Alteration                               Modelling code
                                                 Potassic with K Feldspar                            3
          Early Hydrothermal                     Potassic with secondary biotite                     4
                                                 Grey-Green Sericite                                 6
          Transitional Hydrothermal              Chlorite – Sericite - Clays                         2
                                                 Quartz – Sericite – Clay                            1
          Main Hydrothermal
                                                 Advanced argillic                                   5
                                                 Propylitic                                          7
          Late Hydrothermal
                                                 Chlorite                                            8
        Source: MEL (2022)


                                                                                          Alteration
                                                                                             Quartz – Sericite – Clay
                                                                                             Chlorite – Sericite - Clays
                                                                                             Potassic with K Feldspar
                                                                                             Potassic with secondary biotite
                                                                                             Advanced argillic
                                                                                             Gray-Green Sericite
                                                                                             Prophilitic alteration
                                                                                             Chlorite




        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                   Page 103


        Figure 11-2:         Example Alteration Cross-Sections for Escondida Section 107,255N (top) and
                             Escondida Norte Section 114,100N (bottom)

        Mineralogical Zone
        Seven units were built in the mineralised zone model (MINZONE), as shown in (Table 11-3). These units
        are defined based on the different copper minerals existing in the deposit and are the basis for the
        estimation of grades and the recovery of the different MEL production processes. The coding of the units
        was performed using the geological logging information in addition to the assay results. The MINZONE
        assignment methodology assists in the estimation process by ensuring that no cross boundaries
        estimation occurs. This methodology is used by most large copper deposits and the historical
        reconciliation shows the methodology should continue to be used. Figure 11-3 depicts the vertical
        sections for both Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits for mineral zones that show the model and drill
        hole code consistency.

        Table 11-3:          Mineralogical Zones Included in the Geological Model, Escondida and Escondida
                             Norte

          Copper Oxides/Sulphides                                          Mineralogical Zone             Modelling Code

          Iron Oxide, barren                                               Leached                              0
          Brochantite, antlerite                                           Copper oxides                        1
          Copper sulphide and iron oxide                                   Partial leach                        4
          Copper oxides and copper sulphide                                Mixed                                5
          Chalcocite – covellite - chalcopyrite <10 %                      High enrichment                      6
          Chalcocite – covellite – chalcopyrite >10%                       Low enrichment                       7
          Bornite – chalcopyrite                                           Hypogenic                            8
        Source: MEL (2022)



        Copper Sulphide Abundance
        Copper sulphide abundance (CSA) is calculated for each sample from the normative mineralogy available
        in the drill hole databases:

        Normative mineralogy is calculated from PtXt analysis. This analysis provides the proportion of total
        copper (CSP) contributed by each copper sulphide species (chalcocite, covellite, chalcopyrite, and
        bornite). At MEL, these analyses were performed as regular practice for all drill holes in the sulphide
        mineralised portion. Using copper stoichiometry ratios, CSA is obtained from the CSP. The CSA is derived
        from the sum of the abundance of each individual sulphide species.

        Two thresholds were defined from the CSA distribution (Table 11-4). The first to define the High CSA
        volume and the second to differentiate Low and Medium CSA volumes.

        Figure 11-4 shows sections for both Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits for copper sulphide
        presenting the modelling coding for copper sulphide abundance volume.

        Table 11-4:          Copper Sulphide Abundance (CSA) definition

              Zone        Copper Abundance Mineralisation               Copper Abundance Mineralisation
                               Sulphide Supergene                             Sulphide Hypogene

              Low                       CSA < 0.4                                         CSA < 0.6
               Mid                  0.4 <= CSA < 1.5                                   0.6 <= CSA < 1.7
              High                     CSA >= 1.5                                        CSA >= 1.7
        Source: MEL (2022)


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                            Page 104




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-3:         Examples of the Mineralogical Zones Cross-Sections for Escondida Section
                             107,550 (top) an Escondida Norte Section 114,150N (bottom)




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 105




                                                                                             Copper Sulphide
                                                                                             Abundance
                                                                                                High
                                                                                                Mid
                                                                                                Low




        Source: MEL internal geology document. (2022)

        Figure 11-4:        Sulphide Examples of CSA Cross-Sections for Escondida Section 107,450N
                            (above) and Escondida Norte Section 114,330N (below)


        Porphyry Intrusive Pulse
        Specifically, for the Escondida deposit, an additional “Pulse” variable was defined. This is undertaken to
        separate mineralisation events that are interpreted to occur in the Escondida deposit and are bounded by
        structural blocks. These mineralization events are considered to be associated with different intrusive
        pulses of the mineralizing porphyry intrusive event and the supergene enrichment event. Three blocks,
        each representing a mineralisation event, were defined to include west pulse (only enrichment event),
        central pulse (Escondida mineralization event), and east pulse (Escondida Este mineralization event).
        Whilst these structural blocks do not strictly comprise the transitional and overlapping boundary of each
        pulse the overall distribution of the mineralization types are honoured.

        The boundary between these pulses corresponds to two north-northeast directional structures. Figure 11-5
        depicts the geometry of these pulses, or blocks. Based on the 3D geological wireframes, a 6.25 x 6.25 x
        7.5 m block model was constructed that includes the lithology, alteration, mineralisation zones, pulse, and
        CSA models for Escondida, and the lithology, alteration, mineralisation zones, and CSA models for
        Escondida Norte.


                                                        Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 106




                                                                                       West
                                                                                       Central
                                                                                       East

        Source: MEL internal geology document. (2022)

        Figure 11-5:         General View of the Pulse Variable, Escondida

11.3     Block Modelling
        A mineral inventory (block model) was estimated using established geostatistical techniques following
        comprehensive statistical and exploratory data analysis. Grade variables, density, and metallurgical
        variables were estimated. Table 11-5 shows the variables estimated in the block model.

        Table 11-5:          Variables Estimated in the Escondida and Escondida Norte Resource Model

          Variable                   Description
          TCu                        Total copper (%)
          SCu                        Soluble copper (%)
          Py                         Pyrite (%)
          S2                         Sulphur (%)
          cspcc                      Copper grade from Chalcocite (%)
          cspcv                      Copper grade from Covellite (%)
          cspcpy                     Copper grade from Chalcopyrite (%)
          densidad                   Dry Density
          bwi                        Bond Work Index (Kwh/ton)
          spi                        Sag Power Index (min)
          rec_flc                    Flotation recovery for Los Colorados concentrator (%)
          rec_fls                    Flotation recovery for Laguna Seca concentrator (%)
          rec_lixaci                 Acid leach recovery (%)
          rec_sl_350                 Sulphide leach recovery (%)
        Source: MEL (2022)

        For estimation purposes, the drill hole database was composited on 5 m intervals. A detailed contact
        analysis has been carried out between the estimation units in order to define the type of contact. Grade

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 107


        capping used a local approach to identify outlier samples. Experimental pair-wise variograms models were
        generated and theoretical models were adjusted using three rotation axes and three structures. The
        estimate was completed using OK in three nested passes with increasing search dimensions from 50 m
        up to 600 m. Each pass adjusts the interpolation criteria based on geostatistical analysis and level of data
        support for elements by estimation domain.

        Composite Length
        There are a variety of sample lengths in the drill hole database, although the most common sample
        lengths were 2.0 m. The drill hole data base was composited to 5 m length, a multiple of the block height,
        to better define the outliers in the deposit. Composites used breaks in the compositing process when there
        is a change in the underlying estimation domain, therefore, only samples from the same domain are
        composited together. Any remaining samples lengths were merged into the last composite. The minimum
        length used to estimate a block is 2 m, which represents less than 0.001% of the database. The means of
        the domains are not altered, since they are weighted by the lengths of the samples Figure 11-6 shows the
        distribution of the resulting composite lengths for each of the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-6:         Composite Length Distribution for Escondida (left) and Escondida Norte (right)

        Estimation Domain
        The exploratory data analysis (EDA) aims to find distributional similarities between samples and to
        determine possible groupings of geological units in the estimation domains. The EDA also seeks to
        identify possible drifts that may affect the estimation result. The statistical adequacy of the domain
        definitions was reviewed through the application of statistical and geostatistical tools. Analyses included
        basic statistics, box plots, distribution charts and continuity analysis. All statistical analyses were
        developed using the sample database. Maptek’s Vulcan was employed as the main software tool for the
        mineral resources estimation.

        For Escondida the copper estimation domains have been defined by mineralisation zones, pulse zones
        and CSA models

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 108


        Oxidised minerals, namely, leached, oxides, mixed and partially leached are treated as independent units
        due to their spatial arrangement and mineralisation style. Sulphide minerals are separated into secondary
        enrichment and hypogene mineralisation. The central event of mineralisation (central block) has a higher
        grade than the other blocks. Finally, the CSA makes it possible to separate different zones associated with
        the intensity of mineralisation, due to the superimposition of mineralising events.

        Table 11-6 shows the estimation domain definition for Escondida. Figure 11-7 shows a box plot of
        estimation domain for Escondida.

        Table 11-6:          Estimation Domain for TCu for Escondida

             Domain                Mineralisation Zone                   Pulse zone         CSA
                0            Leached                                        All               All
                1            Oxide                                          All               All
                2            Partial Leach                                  All               All
                3            Mixed                                          All               All
                4            High Enrichment                               West              High
                5            High Enrichment                              Center             High
                6            High Enrichment                               East              High
                7            High Enrichment                                All         Medium - Low
                8            Low Enrichment                                West              High
                9            Low Enrichment                               Center             High
                10           Low Enrichment                                 All            Medium
                11           High Enrichment - Hypogene                    East              High
                12           Low Enrichment - Hypogene                     West         High - Medium
                13           Low Enrichment - Hypogene                  Center - East   Medium - Low
                14           Hypogene                                       All              Low
        Source: MEL (2022)




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-7:         Box Plot for TCu Estimation Domain for Escondida
        For Escondida Norte the copper estimation domains have been defined by mineralisation zones and CSA
        models. Oxidised minerals, including, leached, oxides, mixed and partially leached are treated as
        independent units due to their spatial arrangement and mineralisation style. Sulphide minerals are
        separated into secondary enrichment and hypogene mineralisation. The central event of mineralisation
        (central block) has a higher grade than the other blocks. Finally, the CSA makes it possible to separate

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 109


        different zones associated with the intensity of mineralisation, due to the superimposition of mineralising
        events.

        The mineralisation zone is the most important control on copper grade, followed by the CSA. Table 11-7
        shows the estimation domain definition for Escondida Norte. Figure 11-8 shows a box plot of estimation
        domain for Escondida Norte.

        Table 11-7:          Estimation Domain for TCu for Escondida Norte

                Domain                   Mineralisation Zone                              CSA
                    0            Leached                                                   All
                    1            Oxide                                                     All
                    2            Partial Leach                                             All
                    3            Mixed                                                     All
                    4            High Enrichment                                           High
                    5            High Enrichment                                         Medium
                    6            Low Enrichment                                            High
                    7            Low Enrichment                                          Medium
                    8            Hypogene                                                  High
                    9            Low Enrichment – Hypogene                             Medium - Low
                   10            Hypogene                                                  Low
        Source: MEL (2022)




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-8:         Box Plot for TCu Estimation Domain for Escondida Norte


        Table 11-8 and Table 11-9 show the general statistics of the estimation domains for Escondida and
        Escondida Norte, respectively.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 110


        Table 11-8:           TCu Statistics by Estimation Domain for Escondida

                                        Minimum      Maximum           Average
           Domain      # Composite                                                     Std. Dev.   Variance
                                           %            %                %
              0           67,196          0.001            7.58           0.06           0.14        0.02
              1           14,640          0.010         12.75             0.87           0.92        0.85
              2              3,814        0.004         15.08             1.11           1.21        1.46
              3              7,734        0.010         14.55             0.58           0.75        0.56
              4           13,870          0.010         22.01             1.46           0.93        0.86
              5           14,432          0.008         12.17             2.20           1.22        1.49
              6              3,264        0.010         19.53             1.28           0.89        0.79
              7           16,511          0.005         10.10             0.67           0.47        0.22
              8              1,782        0.057            4.55           1.02           0.60        0.36
              9           10,373          0.021            5.84           1.14           0.65        0.42
              10          22,374          0.007         12.74             0.54           0.30        0.09
              11          16,653          0.011            5.51           0.86           0.32        0.10
              12             8,948        0.010            5.40           0.35           0.20        0.04
              13          45,486          0.010            6.41           0.46           0.21        0.04
              14          61,176          0.002            3.21           0.16           0.12        0.01
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Table 11-9:           TCu Statistics by Estimation Domain for Escondida Norte

                                        Minimum      Maximum           Average
           Domain      # Composite                                                     Std. Dev.   Variance
                                           %            %                %
              0           47,081          0.00          11.62             0.06           0.19        0.04
              1              9,620        0.02          22.74             1.14           1.37        1.88
              2              1,990        0.01          12.14             0.93           0.94        0.88
              3              3,956        0.01          22.37             0.55           0.94        0.88
              4           17,641          0.01          27.43             1.83           1.30        1.69
              5              6,558        0.01          63.77             0.66           1.06        1.12
              6              5,254        0.03          13.77             1.10           0.72        0.52
              7           12,615          0.01          19.55             0.59           0.38        0.14
              8              4,088        0.05             7.15           0.89           0.42        0.18
              9           37,905          0.00          25.33             0.48           0.26        0.07
              10          29,382          0.00             4.59           0.14           0.18        0.03
        Source: MEL (2022)



        Contact Analysis
        To determine the type of contact (soft or hard) between different estimation domains, a contact analysis
        was conducted. Contact analysis is a mathematical method to define the grade behaviour among samples
        from different estimation domains as they approach a contact. The type of contact is important during the
        process of grade estimation. Hard boundaries (non-sharing of composites between estimation domains)
        have been used for non-sulphide domains, and, in general, soft boundary (allow of sharing composites
        between estimation domains) strategy has been used for sulphide mineralogical zones.

        Table 11-10 and Table 11-11 show the maximum distance (m) to share composites between estimation
        domains for TCu in Escondida and Escondida Norte, respectively.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                                          Page 111


        Table 11-10:                                            Contact Analysis TCu for Escondida

                                                                                                Estimation Domain for TCu, Escondida
                                                           ED   0       1       2       3       4         5         6         7       8         9         10        11   12   13   14   15   16
                                                            0   -




                    Estimation Domain for TCu, Escondida
                                                            1           -
                                                            2                   -
                                                            3                           -
                                                            4                                    -       50                  30
                                                            5                                   30        -         30       50
                                                            6                                            30          -       30
                                                            7                                   50       50         30        -       50
                                                            8                                                                30        -        30
                                                            9                                                                         30         -        30
                                                           10                                                                                   50         -
                                                           11                                                                                                       -         30
                                                           12                                                                                                             -   30   30
                                                           13                                                                                                       30   30    -   30
                                                           14                                                                                                            30   30    -
                                                           15                                                                                                                      50   -
                                                           16                                                                                                                                -
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Table 11-11:                                            Contact Analysis TCu, Escondida Norte

                                                                Estimation Domain for TCu, Escondida Norte
                                                           ED       0       1       2       3        4          5        6        7        8         9         10




             Estimation Domain for TCu,
                                                            0       -
                                                            1               -
                                                            2                       -
                                                            3                               -
                                                            4                                         -        30
                                                            5                                        30         -        30



                  Escondida Norte
                                                            6                                                  30         -
                                                            7                                                                     -
                                                            8                                                                               -        30
                                                            9                                                                              30         -        30
                                                           10                                                                                        30         -
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Capping
        Definition and control of outliers is a common industry practice that is necessary and useful to prevent
        potential overestimation of volumes and grades. Values defined as outliers have been controlled in the
        estimation using capping to avoid local estimation of high grades that are not representative of the grades
        within the estimation domain. The outlier values were defined at sample support with a local approach to
        identify outlier samples, by comparing the sample grade vs. mean grade of the neighbourhood,
        considering a minimum of 9 and a maximum of the 30 closest samples. The ratio between the sample and
        the averages is used to define the outlier if this value is greater than the limit of the domain.

        No more than 2% of the data was capped for each estimation domain, and no additional grade control
        were applied during the estimate, for either Escondida or Escondida Norte. The variation of the average is
        less than 2% for Escondida and 3% for Escondida Norte, affecting the second decimal. Table 11-12 and
        Table 11-13 show the outlier grade by estimation domain in Escondida and Escondida Norte, respectively.




                                                                                                              Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                    June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                           Page 112


        Table 11-12:         Percentage of Capped Samples for Escondida

                              Limit Sample
                                                    Samples                                  Average %
                                 grade /                                  Average % with                     Difference
             Domain                               capped % of                                 without
                             neighbourhood                                   capping                          average
                                                 total samples                                capping
                                 grade
                0                  4.0                 1.68                       0.06          0.07          14.29%
                1                  5.0                 0.44                       0.87          0.88           1.14%
                2                  6.0                 0.18                       1.11          1.11           0.00%
                3                  6.0                 0.25                       0.58          0.59           1.69%
                4                  5.0                 0.15                       1.46          1.47           0.68%
                5                  2.5                 1.03                       2.20          2.21           0.45%
                6                  3.5                 0.77                       1.28          1.29           0.78%
                7                  5.0                 0.20                       0.67          0.67           0.00%
                8                  3.5                 0.73                       1.02          1.03           0.97%
                9                  3.0                 1.01                       1.14          1.15           0.87%
                10                 3.0                 0.64                       0.54          0.55           1.82%
                11                 3.0                 0.27                       0.86          0.86           0.00%
                12                 3.0                 0.84                       0.35          0.35           0.00%
                13                 3.0                 0.33                       0.46          0.47           2.13%
                14                 2.5                 1.79                       0.16          0.16           0.00%
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Table 11-13:         Percentage of Capped Samples for Escondida Norte

                              Limit Sample
                                                     Samples
                                 grade /                                  Average % with      Average %      Difference
             Domain                                capped % of
                             neighbourhood                                   capping       without capping    average
                                                  total samples
                                 grade
                0                  7.0                  0.79                      0.06          0.06           0.00%
                1                  7.0                  0.25                      1.14          1.14           0.00%
                2                  7.0                  0.20                      0.93          0.93           0.00%
                3                  8.0                  0.15                      0.55          0.55           0.00%
                4                  2.5                  1.90                      1.79          1.83           2.19%
                5                  3.5                  0.81                      0.64          0.66           3.03%
                6                  3.5                  0.65                      1.09          1.10           0.91%
                7                  4.0                  0.33                      0.59          0.59           0.00%
                8                  4.0                  0.22                      0.89          0.89           0.00%
                9                  4.0                  0.13                      0.48          0.48           0.00%
                10                 7.0                  0.45                      0.14          0.14           0.00%
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Variography
        A variogram is a description of the spatial continuity of the data. The experimental variogram is a discrete
        function calculated using a measure of variability between pairs of points at various distances. To
        complete the analysis the QP first has to calculate experimental variograms using the existing data, and
        then model theoretical model variograms which will account for any given spacing for the deposit. The
        traditional experimental variogram is often unstable due to sparse data with outliers and clustered data
        with a proportional effect. The pairwise relative variogram is a more robust variogram, whereby the
        experimental traditional variogram is standardised with locally changing variance of the data. Experimental
        pairwise variograms were calculated using Supervisor software and modelled for each of the elements to
        be estimated. The orientation of the variograms is defined by the directions of major and minor continuity
        as derived from variogram maps in the horizontal and vertical directions for each of the domains. The
        nugget effect was obtained from the down-the-hole (DTH) variogram.

        Figure 11-9 provides an example for directional variogram for TCu estimation domain 5 for Escondida:
        High enrichment, central block and High CSA and Figure 11-10 provides an example for directional
        variogram for TCu estimation domain 6 for Escondida Norte: Low enrichment and High CSA. Table 11-14

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                           Page 113


        presents variogram parameters for TCu for Escondida and Table 11-15 shows variogram parameters for
        TCu for Escondida Norte.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-9:         Directional Variogram for TCu Estimation Domain 5 for Escondida


        Table 11-14:         Variogram Parameters for TCu, Escondida
                                     Rotation                             Rotation                             Rotation
             TCu                                   Range                                   Range                               Range
                       C0     C1     Θ1/ Θ2/                      C2       Θ1/ Θ2/                      C3     Θ1/ Θ2/
           DOMAIN                                 Mj/Sm/Mn                               Mj/Sm/Mn                            Mj/Sm/Mn
                                       Θ3                                    Θ3                                  Θ3
              0       0.03   0.108     0/0/0       10/10/15     0.158        0/0/0       100/90/100    0.394     0/0/0      1900/1450/1200

              1       0.04   0.16    250/20/0      10/10/10      0.18      250/20/0       75/75/60     0.07     250/20/0    1200/1200/250

              2       0.13   0.19    160/0/10     100/100/5      0.22      160/0/10      110/140/500   0.14     160/0/10    1250/1300/1500

              3       0.04   0.143   0/90/-120      5/5/5       0.078      0/90/-120      40/40/40     0.269   0/90/-120    1600/1300/850

              4       0.03   0.09     30/0/10      20/20/20      0.05       30/0/10       90/90/170    0.12     30/0/10     2500/1750/450

              5       0.02   0.14    1/-29/-137    20/20/20      0.05     1/-29/-137     400/300/250   0.38    1/-29/-137   5500/5500/1150

              6       0.04   0.11     290/0/0      20/20/20     0.076       290/0/0      100/100/40    0.064    290/0/0     3900/2000/800

              7       0.03   0.14    250/-10/0     30/30/15      0.08      250/-10/0     200/200/120   0.07    250/-10/0    3000/2500/1800

              8       0.02   0.177   310/0/-120    40/40/40     0.096     310/0/-120     150/90/140    0.057   310/0/-120   1600/1500/1500

              9       0.02   0.095     20/0/0      20/20/20     0.024       20/0/0       300/200/250   0.091     20/0/0     1900/1200/1500

              10      0.04   0.05    201/28/67     10/10/10     0.033     201/28/67       50/50/50     0.115   201/28/674   3000/2200/1250

              11      0.03   0.041    0/90/-80     35/35/35     0.025      0/90/-80      170/130/80    0.04     0/90/-80    1500/1100/350

              12      0.03   0.087    270/0/0      35/35/15     0.031       270/0/0      220/220/150   0.062    270/0/0     3000/4000/2000

              13      0.02   0.06    270/50/0      40/10/10     0.033      270/50/0      220/220/150   0.059    270/50/0    2200/2200/1000

              14      0.08   0.09    240/20/0      30/30/30      0.07      240/20/0      200/200/150   0.41     240/20/0    5000/6000/1550

        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                        Page 114




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-10:          Directional Variogram for TCu Estimation Domain 6 for Escondida Norte


        Table 11-15:           Variogram Parameters for TCu, Escondida Norte
                                        Rotation                             Rotation                          Rotation
             TCu                                      Range                                Range                             Range
                        C0       C1     Θ1/ Θ2/                     C2        Θ1/ Θ2/                   C3     Θ1/ Θ2/
           DOMAIN                                   Mj/Sm/Mn                             Mj/Sm/Mn                          Mj/Sm/Mn
                                          Θ3                                    Θ3                               Θ3
              0        0.068    0.16     20/0/0      20/20/20      0.179       20/0/0    200/210/210   0.219    20/0/0    4513/2000/2500

              1        0.094    0.261    20/0/0      10/10/20      0.14        20/0/0     90/90/130    0.068    20/0/0     400/500/1000

              2        0.134    0.348    20/0/0      30/15/30      0.032       20/0/0    350/300/250   0.164    20/0/0    1800/600/1000

              3        0.07     0.12     330/0/0     15/20/15      0.107       330/0/0   500/350/700   0.112    330/0/0   2500/900/3000

              4        0.07     0.11     40/0/0      15/15/15      0.065       40/0/0    160/170/200   0.11     40/0/0    2100/1200/500

              5        0.099    0.11     310/0/0     20/20/20      0.066       310/0/0   370/360/170   0.043    310/0/0   1500/3000/700

              6        0.055     0.1     50/0/10     25/25/25      0.012       50/0/10   300/250/200   0.058    50/0/10   2000/1200/400

              7        0.053    0.065    50/0/10     35/35/15      0.025       50/0/10   200/180/50    0.016    50/0/10    800/500/200

              8        0.026    0.055    50/0/0      40/40/10      0.02        50/0/0    250/220/130   0.03     50/0/0     1000/800/500

              9        0.055    0.05    70/0/-90     15/20/30      0.02       70/0/-90   100/110/110   0.05    70/0/-90   2500/1100/1000

              10       0.151    0.199   0/90/-20     50/30/20      0.115      0/90/-20   300/170/160   0.076   0/90/-20    8000/900/500

        Source: MEL (2022)
        Note: Mj (Major axis), Sm (Semi Major axis) and Mn (Minor Axis)

        Estimation
        The estimation was carried out by Ordinary Kriging (OK), which is standard practice for the industry. OK
        provides the best linear unbiased estimates. In the QP’s experience this is an appropriate method for
        estimation. The block model includes sub blocks of 6.25 x 6.25 x 7.5 m and parent blocks of 25 x 25 x15
        m. The use of sub-blocks allows the geological dilution associated with geological contacts to be included.
        Table 11-16 and Table 11-17 show the dimension of Escondida and Escondida Norte block model. Figure
        11-11 shows a general view of the block models and collar distribution.




                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                            Page 115


        Table 11-16:         Block Model Definition for Escondida

                   Orientation              East                   North                Elevation
          Origin                          14,212.37              104,364.2               1,300
          Block Size                        25 m                    25 m                  15 m
          Number of Blocks                   172                     268                  144
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Table 11-17:         Block Model Definition for Escondida Norte

                   Orientation              East                   North                Elevation
          Origin                          16,812.5               112,212.5               2,000
          Block Size                        25 m                    25 m                  15 m
          Number of Blocks                   159                     131                  107
        Source: MEL (2022)




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-11:        General View Escondida and Escondida Norte Block Model and Collar Distribution

                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 116


        A three-pass search strategy was used in which the search radii were increased from 50 m to 600 m. For
        each pass, the interpolation criteria were adjusted for each estimation domain based on the geostatistical
        analysis and the quantity and distribution of the data. Pass 1 and pass 2 request a minimum of 6 and 5
        octants with samples, respectively. Pass 3 estimates the edges of domains with low sample density and
        has no octant restrictions. The search radii were defined based on the drilling density of each estimation
        domain and the continuity defined in its respective variogram, increasing with each pass. Table 11-18 and
        Table 11-19 detail the estimation plan by domain for TCu in Escondida and Escondida Norte, respectively.
        The QP explored the use of a different number of samples and octants in the estimation to establish an
        appropriate correlation of results to historical reconciliation. The minimum and maximum samples used in
        this process are presented in Table 11-18 and Table 11-19.

        Table 11-18:        OK Plan Estimates Plan TCu, Escondida

                                                    Comps.            N°       Comps. per
                               Search Radii                                                   Comps.            Rotation            Comps.
          Domain     Pass                           Number            Oct         Oct
                                                                                              per drill
                              Mj.   Sm.    Mn.    Min.     Max.      Min.      Min.    Max.               Mj.    Sm.       Mn.        Min.
                       1     100     90    80      12        32         6        1      4         5        0       0         0          0
                       2     250    200    180     12        24         5        1      4         5        0       0         0          0
              0
                       3     650    600    450     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5        0       0         0          0
                       4     600    600    600     1          1        NA       NA     NA        10        0       0         0          0
                       1     80      80    50      12        32         6        1      4         5       250      20       -20         1
                       2     150    150    100     12        24         5        1      4         5       250      20       -20         1
              1
                       3     300    300    200     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5       250      20       -20         1
                       4     600    600    600     1          1        NA       NA     NA        10       250      20       -20         1
                       1     70      80    120     12        32         6        1      4         5       160      0        10          2
                       2     150    150    200     12        24         5        1      4         5       160      0        10          2
              2
                       3     300    300    400     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5       160      0        10          2
                       4     600    600    600     1          1        NA       NA     NA        10       160      0        10          2
                       1     80      70    50      12        32         6        1      4         5        0       90      -120         3
                       2     250    230    200     12        24         5        1      4         5        0       90      -120         3
              3
                       3     400    350    300     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5        0       90      -120         3
                       4     600    600    600     1          1        NA       NA     NA        10        0       90      -120         3
                       1     70      60    50      12        32         6        1      4         5       30       0        10        4,5,7
              4        2     200    180    100     12        24         5        1      4         5       30       0        10        4,5,7
                       3     400    350    200     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5       30       0        10        4,5,7
                       1     100    100    70      12        32         6        1      4         5        2      -30      -138      4,5,6,7
              5        2     200    200    140     12        24         5        1      4         5        2      -30      -138      4,5,6,7
                       3     400    400    280     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5        2      -30      -138      4,5,6,7
                       1     90      80    50      12        32         6        1      4         5       290      0         0        5,6,7
              6        2     200    180    100     12        24         5        1      4         5       290      0         0        5,6,7
                       3     400    350    200     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5       290      0         0        5,6,7
                       1     80      80    50      12        32         6        1      4         5       250     -10        0      4,5,6,7,8
              7        2     160    160    120     12        24         5        1      4         5       250     -10        0      4,5,6,7,8
                       3     400    380    320     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5       250     -10        0      4,5,6,7,8
                       1     90      60    80      12        32         6        1      4         5       310      0       -130       7,8,9
              8        2     180    160    180     12        24         5        1      4         5       310      0       -130       7,8,9
                       3     400    380    380     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5       310      0       -130       7,8,9
                       1     100     80    90      12        32         6        1      4         5       20       0         0       8,9,10
              9        2     200    160    180     12        24         5        1      4         5       20       0         0       8,9,10
                       3     400    300    350     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5       20       0         0       8,9,10
                       1     100     90    80      12        32         6        1      4         5       206      37       64        9,10
             10        2     200    160    120     12        24         5        1      4         5       206      37       64        9,10
                       3     400    300    350     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5       206      37       64        9,10
                       1     90      80    60      12        32         6        1      4         5        0       90       -80       11,13
             11        2     180    160    140     12        24         5        1      4         5        0       90       -80       11,13
                       3     650    600    500     6         20        NA       NA     NA         5        0       90       -80       11,13
             12        1     90     100    70      12        32         6        1      4         5       270      0         0      12,13,14


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                              June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                         Page 117



                                                    Comps.            N°       Comps. per
                               Search Radii                                                   Comps.            Rotation           Comps.
          Domain     Pass                           Number            Oct         Oct
                                                                                              per drill
                              Mj.   Sm.    Mn.    Min.     Max.      Min.      Min.    Max.               Mj.    Sm.       Mn.       Min.
                       2     180    200    140     12        24         5        1      4        5        270     0        0       12,13,14
                       3     650    750    550     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        270     0        0       12,13,14
                       1     100    100    60      12        32         6        1      4        5        208     29       42     11,12,13,14
             13        2     300    300    200     12        24         5        1      4        5        208     29       42     11,12,13,14
                       3     700    700    500     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        208     29       42     11,12,13,14
                       1     100    100    80      12        32         6        1      4        5        240     20       0       14,12,13
             14        2     280    300    200     12        24         5        1      4        5        240     20       0       14,12,13
                       3     650    700    500     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        240     20       0       14,12,13
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Table 11-19:         OK Plan Estimates TCu, Escondida Norte

                                                    Comps.            N°       Comps. per
                               Search Radii                                                   Comps.            Rotation          Comps.
          Domain     Pass                           Number            Oct         Oct
                                                                                              per drill
                              Mj.   Sm.    Mn.    Min.     Max.      Min.      Min.    Max.               Mj.     Sm.      Mn.      Min.
                       1     100     70    80      12        32         6        1      4        5        20       0         0         0
              1        2     200    100    150     12        24         5        1      4        5        20       0         0         0
                       3     800    400    500     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        20       0         0         0
                       1     60      60    110     12        32         6        1      4        5        20       0         0         1
              2        2     110    110    200     12        24         5        1      4        5        20       0         0         1
                       3     200    200    350     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        20       0         0         1
                       1     110     60    80      12        32         6        1      4        5        20       0         0         2
              3        2     220    120    160     12        24         5        1      4        5        20       0         0         2
                       3     350    150    250     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        20       0         0         2
                       1     90      70    50      12        32         6        1      4        5        330      0         0         3
              4        2     180    160    110     12        24         5        1      4        5        330      0         0         3
                       3     300    250    190     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        330      0         0         3
                       1     100     70    50      12        32         6        1      4        5        40       0         0        4,5
              5        2     200    140    110     12        24         5        1      4        5        40       0         0        4,5
                       3     350    250    200     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        40       0         0        4,5
                       1     75     120    50      12        32         6        1      4        5        310      0         0        4,5
              6        2     150    200    100     12        24         5        1      4        5        310      0         0        4,5
                       3     280    370    200     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        310      0         0        4,5
                       1     100     70    50      12        32         6        1      4        5        50       0        10        6,7
              7        2     220    170    120     12        24         5        1      4        5        50       0        10        6,7
                       3     350    250    200     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        50       0        10        6,7
                       1     85      80    50      12        32         6        1      4        5        50       0        10       6,7,8
              8        2     170    160    130     12        24         5        1      4        5        50       0        10       6,7,8
                       3     300    250    200     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        50       0        10       6,7,8
                       1     85      60    40      12        32         6        1      4        5        50       0         0       7,8,9
              9        2     160    120    90      12        24         5        1      4        5        50       0         0       7,8,9
                       3     500    400    300     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5        50       0         0       7,8,9
                       1     85      70    65      12        32         6        1      4        5        70       0       -90      8,9,10
             10        2     200    180    150     12        24         5        1      4        5        70       0       -90      8,9,10
                       3     600    530    450     6         20        NA       NA     NA        5         70      0       -90      8,9,10
        Source: MEL (2022)

        The copper grade in the regularised block model was calculated by the weighted average for each
        estimation domain within the block.

        Cspcc, cspcv, and cspcpy were estimated by OK with the same copper estimation domains and
        normalised to the copper value, only for sulphide mineralisation.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 118


        Dry density was estimated using OK. The methodology adopted for the interpolation uses mineralogical
        units (Minzone) as controls for the spatial distribution of the variable in each deposit. An average density,
        by geological grouping, is assigned to the blocks with no interpolated value.

11.4     Validation
        In order to validate the Resource model, a validation of the block model was carried out to assess the
        performance of the OK and the conformity of input values. The validation was carried out on estimated
        blocks and up to the third pass, considering composites used in the estimates, and included:

             •    Visual Comparison of OK model vs. composites
             •    Global statistics by estimation domain
             •    OK vs. Blasthole model reconciliation
             •    Swath plots to compare mean grade between declustered composites and block model

        Visual Comparison
        To visually validate the TCu estimation, the QP completed a review of a set of cross-sectional and plan
        views. The validation shows a reasonable representation of samples in blocks. Locally, the blocks match
        the estimation composites both in cross-section and plant views. In general, there is a reasonable match
        between composite data and block model data for Cu grades. High grade areas were suitably
        represented, and high-grade samples exhibit suitable control, which validates the treatment of outliers
        used. Smoothing increases at the boundaries and deep areas of the deposit due to the reduction in
        number of available composites.

        There are some deep mineralised areas where the drill hole spacing reaches a maximum of 400 m (mean
        330 m). Considering the large continuity of the hypogene mineralisation and the grades clean process
        beyond of the last drill hole line, this portion of the Inferred Resource is considered interpolated.

        Figure 11-12 shows an east-west cross-section and Figure 11-13 shows a plan section for the Escondida
        copper grade model, it is possible to observe a good spatial reproduction of the composites grades in both
        cross-sections without smearing of high-grade composites and minimum over extrapolation of grades.

        Figure 11-14 and Figure 11-15 show the block and composites grade comparison for plan view and east-
        west cross-sections in Escondida Norte. Like Escondida it is possible to observe good sample coverage
        for the deposit and spatial reproduction of grades. Lateral extension of the ore body is well limited by
        samples and the deposit remains open at depth at low copper grade less than 0.5%.

        No high-grade smearing and minimum grade extrapolation were observed. The Inferred Resource is
        considered 100% “interpolated”. This limit is updated as new drill holes are drilled in the periphery of the
        deposits.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                 Page 119




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-12:        Escondida 107,900N Copper Cross-section Looking North




                                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                               Page 120




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-13:        Escondida Copper at 2770 RL




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                  Page 121




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-14:        Escondida Norte 114,000N Copper Cross-section Looking North




                                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 122




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-15:        Escondida Norte Copper at 2960 RL

        Swath Plots
        In order to evaluate how robust block grades were in relation to data, a semi-local comparison using swath
        plots was completed. Generating swath plots entail averaging blocks and samples separately in regular
        100 m (east) x 100 m (north) x 50 m (elevation) panels and then comparing the mean grade in each
        sample and block panel through each axis.

        To calculate the average grade in the database, a nearest neighbour (NN) model was established. The
        block model must reproduce in an acceptable way the mean shown by the composites for each estimation
        domain. Figure 11-16 show the mean grade comparison for Escondida and Figure 11-17 for Escondida
        Norte for sulphide mineralisation. It is opinion of this QP that results indicate that estimates reasonably
        follow trends found in the deposit’s grades at a local and global scale without observing an excessive
        degree of smoothing.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Page 123



                      1.00                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   50,000


                      0.80                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   40,000




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      N° Composites
                      0.60                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   30,000

            TCu (%)
                      0.40                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   20,000


                      0.20                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   10,000


                      0.00                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0


                             14237.37   14387.37   14537.37   14687.37   14837.37   14987.37   15137.37   15287.37   15437.37   15587.37   15737.37   15887.37   16037.37   16187.37    16337.37   16487.37   16637.37   16787.37   16937.37   17087.37   17237.37   17387.37   17537.37   17687.37   17837.37   17987.37   18137.37   18287.37   18437.37

                                                                                                                                                                                       Axis Y


                                                                                                                                               Samples                                             BK_NN                                           BK_OK


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-16:                                     Swath Plots Total Sulphide, Escondida


                      1.00                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   40,000


                      0.80                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   32,000




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      N° Composites
                      0.60                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   24,000

            TCu (%)
                      0.40                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   16,000


                      0.20                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   8,000


                      0.00                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0




                                                                                                                                                                       Secciones Este


                                                                                                                                               Samples                                             BK_NN                                           BK_OK


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-17:                                     Swath Plots Total Sulphide, Escondida Norte

        Global Statistics
        Statistical comparison was carried out in order to detect global bias in the interpolated model compared
        with drill holes grade. Global statistics of declustered composites were calculated using the NN method
        with search ranges equating to those used in the estimation and were compared with OK grades for each
        domain (ED_TCu).

        Table 11-20 and Table 11-21 show the comparison with grade capping. The results show an acceptable
        reproduction of the global mean for total copper grade. Domains located in the leach-oxide zone shows
        larger differences: ED 0 corresponds to leached material with low copper grade and high-grade variability

                                                                                                                                           Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                                                                                                                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                           Page 124


        between 0.001 and 0.1 % TCu, which explains the relative differences observed. These lower copper
        grades are waste and this variation is not material. ED 3 corresponds to the mixed zone, with high
        variability in copper grades. The QP noticed that, where the larger variances exist, they are in low grades
        below COG or in domain with low spatial continuity, and therefore, considered to be not material.

        In the opinion of this QP the result of the estimate shows that relative differences for the main estimation
        domains were found within acceptable limits. Only estimation domains with less samples and poor
        geological continuity and low tonnage show results above the expected threshold.

        Table 11-20:          Global mean comparison for TCu, Escondida

           Domain      # Composite      Composite average %            Model average %   Relative Difference (%)
              0           67,196                 0.06                           0.08            24.02%
              1           14,640                 0.87                           0.83             -5.57%
              2              3,814               1.11                           1.15             3.80%
              3              7,734               0.58                           0.53            -10.72%
              4           13,870                 1.46                           1.41             -4.03%
              5           14,432                 2.20                           2.25             2.00%
              6              3,264               1.28                           1.17             -9.13%
              7           16,511                 0.67                           0.66             -0.60%
              8              1,782               1.02                           1.03             1.28%
              9           10,373                 1.14                           1.16             1.24%
              10          22,374                 0.54                           0.57             4.96%
              11          16,653                 0.86                           0.82             -4.64%
              12             8,948               0.35                           0.36             4.20%
              13          45,486                 0.46                           0.45             -3.69%
              14          61,176                 0.16                           0.15             -1.97%
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Table 11-21:          Global mean comparison for TCu, Escondida Norte

           Domain      # Composite      Composite average %            Model average %   Relative Difference (%)
              0           47,081                 0.06                           0.07             5.16%
              1              9,620               1.06                           1.06             0.17%
              2              1,990               0.90                           0.88             -2.38%
              3              3,956               0.59                           0.47            -26.88%
              4           17,641                 1.69                           1.66             -1.59%
              5              6,558               0.65                           0.61             -5.81%
              6              5,254               1.05                           1.07             1.52%
              7           12,615                 0.56                           0.58             2.85%
              8              4,088               0.86                           0.83             -2.80%
              9           37,905                 0.41                           0.44             7.97%
              10          29,382                 0.10                           0.12            14.76%
        Source: MEL (2022)



        Comparison Against Blasthole Grade
        As part of the Resource model validation process, a reconciliation of tonnage, grade and metal against the
        blasthole model (short term model) was completed. The reconciliation was performed at 0.25% total
        copper cut-off grade within the monthly mined volumes of the last FY10. Year by year reconciliation has
        been done to ensure no local bias.

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Page 125


        Escondida Sulphide
        The Escondida deposit shows a good performance, the in-situ tonnage deviations show an unbiased
        behaviour with periods of underestimation and overestimation within a range of ±7% (see Figure 11-18).
        Three quarters showed deviations closer to 10% underestimation .This deviation is related to zones with
        contact between leached and sulphide mineralisation due to low continuity ore bodies not recognised by
        drilling. Copper grades show an unbiased performance with periods of under and over estimation within a
        range of ±7% on average (see Figure 11-19). Figure 11-20 shows the result for the in-situ metal.

                             40                                                                                                                                                                                                                          30%
                             35
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         20%




            Tonnage (Mton)
                             30




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Deviation (%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         10%
                             25
                             20                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0%
                             15
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -10%
                             10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -20%
                              5
                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -30%


                                   FY12-Q1   FY12-Q3   FY13-Q1   FY13-Q3   FY14-Q1   FY14-Q3   FY15-Q1   FY15-Q3     FY16-Q1   FY16-Q3    FY17-Q1   FY17-Q3   FY18-Q1   FY18-Q3   FY19-Q1    FY19-Q3   FY20-Q1   FY20-Q3   FY21-Q1   FY21-Q3   FY22-Q1


                                                                                         Deviation                                       Blast Holes                                        Resource Model


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-18:                                  Tonnage Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida


                             1.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                           30%

                             1.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                           20%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Deviation (%)
                             0.8                                                                                                                                                                                                                           10%


            Grade (%)
                             0.6                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0%

                             0.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -10%

                             0.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -20%

                             0.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -30%




                                                                                         Deviation                                       Blast Holes                                        Resource Model


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-19:                                  Total Copper Grade Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida




                                                                                                                   Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                                                                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                                                                                                        Page 126



                             350                                                                                                                                                                                                                         30%
                             300                                                                                                                                                                                                                         20%




            Copper (Kton)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Deviation (%)
                             250
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         10%
                             200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0%
                             150
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -10%
                             100
                              50                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -20%
                                  0                                                                                                                                                                                                                      -30%




                                                                                                            Deviation                               BH                            LP_May21


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-20:                                     Total Contained Copper Tonnes Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida


        Escondida Norte Sulphide
        The Escondida Norte deposit shows a non-biased performance with the in-situ tonnage deviations
        showing an unbiased behaviour with periods of underestimation and overestimation within a range of ±5%,
        as shown in Figure 11-25. Copper grades show an unbiased performance with periods of under and over
        estimation within a range of ±7% on average (see Figure 11-22). There is a period of overestimation
        closer to -10% (FY13-Q2 to FY14-Q2), which is related to a high variability and low continuity of high-
        grade zones at the periphery of the deposit that were not identified by the drilling pattern. Figure 11-23
        shows the result for in-situ metal.

                             25                                                                                                                                                                                                                          30%

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         20%
                             20




            Tonnage (Mton)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Deviation (%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         10%
                             15
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0%
                             10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -10%

                              5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -20%

                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -30%


                                      FY12-Q1   FY12-Q3   FY13-Q1   FY13-Q3   FY14-Q1   FY14-Q3   FY15-Q1   FY15-Q3   FY16-Q1   FY16-Q3   FY17-Q1   FY17-Q3   FY18-Q1   FY18-Q3    FY19-Q1   FY19-Q3   FY20-Q1   FY20-Q3   FY21-Q1   FY21-Q3   FY22-Q1


                                                                                         Deviation                                   Blast Holes                                   Resource Model


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-21:                                     Tonnage Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida Norte




                                                                                                               Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                                                                June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                         Page 127



                            1.8                                                                           30%
                            1.6
                                                                                                          20%
                            1.4




                                                                                                                   Deviation (%)
                            1.2                                                                           10%


            Grade (%)
                            1.0
                                                                                                          0%
                            0.8
                            0.6                                                                           -10%
                            0.4
                                                                                                          -20%
                            0.2
                            0.0                                                                           -30%




                                             Deviation           Blast Holes             Resource Model


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-22:             Total Copper Grade Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida Norte


        Figure 11-23 shows in-situ copper for quarterly periods with an unbiased performance with periods of
        underestimation and overestimation within a range of ±7%.

                            250                                                                           30%

                            200                                                                           20%




            Copper (Kton)                                                                                         Deviation (%)
                                                                                                          10%
                            150
                                                                                                          0%
                            100
                                                                                                          -10%
                             50                                                                           -20%

                              0                                                                           -30%




                                                    Deviation             BH            LP_May21


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-23:             In-situ Metal Reconciliation, Sulphide Escondida Norte


        It is the opinion of the QP that the results of the reconciliation with deviations of less than 10% per quarter
        for tonnage, grade and in-situ metal, are acceptable for a model designed on an annual basis.

11.5     Cut-Off Grades Estimates
        The 2022 mineral resources statement is based on the determination of mineable mineralisation suitable
        for processing under the assumptions that provide the framework for the Escondida life of asset plan (LoA)
        completed in November 2021 for June 2022 reporting (LoA23). The statement combines mineral
        resources from the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits and is tabulated from volumes contained in
        the unsmoothed and optimised pit using the Learch Grossman algorithm determined using the May21

                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 128


        Resource models, LOA23 mining and processing costs. The price was calculated for 3-year historic
        monthly third quartile: high-price: 3.04 US$/lb.

        Chapter 16 contains the full analysis of the copper commodity price in which discussion of the validity of
        the commodity prices employed is presented. In the opinion of the QP for resources the selected price for
        resources is considered reasonable. The QP is of the opinion that the use of three calendar year mean of
        historic monthly third quartile to define mineral resources is considered appropriate as they are factual,
        objective, and transparent to the market.

        Table 11-22:         Cut-off Economic Inputs for Mineral Resources

          Description                                                            Units               Value
          Mining - Base Cost                                             $/t material moved          0.87
          Mining - Haulage Cost                                                                    Variable
          Mining Loss                                                               %                  0
          Mining Dilution                                                           %                  0
          Ore Processing Cost - Milled Ore                               $/t Ore Processed           7.10
          Ore Processing Cost - Sulphide Bio Leach Ore                   $/t Ore Processed           1.31
          Ore Processing Cost - Acid Leached Oxide Ore                   $/t Ore Processed           7.98
          Metallurgical Recovery - Milled Ore                                       %                 83
          Metallurgical Recovery - Sulphide Bio Leach Ore                           %                 42
          Metallurgical Recovery - Acid Leached Oxide Ore                           %                 62
          Payable Cu - Milled Ore                                                   %                96.65
          Payable Cu - Sulphide Bio Leach Ore                                       %                 100
          Payable Cu - Acid Leached Oxide Ore                                       %                 100
          Cu Price                                                              US$ / lb             3.04
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)


        The cut-off for mineral resources estimation is based on applying all applicable costs as summarised in
        Table 11-22. .

        The cut-off grade for Escondida and Escondida Norte was defined based on the material type and all
        applied costs and recovery:

             •    Sulphides: Cut-off grade is 0.25% TCu if chalcopyrite is less than 70% and 0.3% TCu if
                  chalcopyrite is greater than 70%.
             •    Mixed: Cut-off grade was 0.30% TCu.
             •    Oxides: Cut-off grade is 0.20% SCu.

        Table 11-23 shows the different cut-off grades for mineral type at Escondida and Escondida Norte.

        Table 11-23:         Mineral Zone Definition Criteria

          Mineralisation Zone                         Cut-off
          Oxide                      SCu >= 0.2%
          Mixed                      TCu <= 0.3%
          Sulphide                   TCu >= 0.25% & chalcopyrite < 70%
          Sulphide                   TCu >= 0.30% & chalcopyrite >= 70%
        Source: MEL (2022)


                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 129


        These cut-off grades were based on a break-even economic analysis, considering a low degree of
        confidence in the metallurgical test work of the low-grade material. Cost assumptions are determined as
        part of an annual planning cycle that is used to estimate the asset life production plan and subsequently
        the published ore reserves. These assumptions are described in Section 12.3.

11.6     Reasonable Prospects for Economic Extraction
        Mineral resource estimates may be materially affected by the metallurgical recovery and the accuracy of
        the economic assumptions supporting Reasonable Prospects for Economic Extraction (RPEE) including
        metal prices, and mining and processing costs. The mineral resources presented are contained in a pit
        optimisation definition.

        A nested pit analysis was performed on the geologic model using the three processing routes and the
        economic cut-offs described in Section 11.5. Additional optimisation parameters are shown in Table 12-5.
        The assumptions used for mineral resources and mineral reserves are the same, only the price change to
        the high-price: 3.04 US$/lb for mineral resources.

        BHP constrained the statement of mineral resources to within an optimised pit shell produced in Whittle
        using the internal LG algorithm calculations. The optimised pit is designed to consider the ability of the
        “ore” tonnes to pay for the “waste” tonnes based on the input economics. The result is a surface or volume
        which constrains the resource but provides the RPEE at the mineral resources pricing revenue factor while
        utilising the current mineral reserves pricing for overall inputs. Pit optimisation inputs are noted as follows:

             •    Reserve based copper price of US$3.04/lb (delivered to client smelter)
             •    Revenue Factor of 1.00 = US$3.04/lb Cu pricing (delivered to client smelter)
             •    10% premium to mineral reserves price and comparable with US$3.04/lb mineral resources price
                  (delivered to client smelter).
             •    Variable metallurgical recovery by different rock type and processing route (see Chapter 14)
             •    Pit slope (variable pit wall angles)
             •    0% mining dilution, 100% mining recovery
             •    Operating cost structure as seen in Table 11-22

        The resource pit is then used as a reporting limit to exclude all tonnes from reporting which sit external to
        this pit shape. MEL notes that the mineral reserves (Section 12.2) is constrained by a reserve pit. This
        reserve pit generally sits within the resource pit, although it locally extends beyond the limits of the
        resource pit due to design constraints such as ramps. MEL also notes that the optimised pit for resource
        reporting is not limited by boundaries for mining infrastructure, and that no capital costs for movement or
        replacement of this infrastructure are assumed.

11.7     Resource Classification and Criteria
        MEL has used conditional simulation models since 2007 as part of the mineral resources classification
        process. This methodology allows the inclusion of the following elements in the classification of mineral
        resources:

             •    Density and spatial location of the information (conditional data)
             •    Geological continuity (geological features that have been simulated)
             •    Grade continuity (grade distribution that has been simulated)

        The uncertainty associated with drilling, sampling, chemical analysis, and geological mapping is controlled
        in the QA/QC plan explained in chapter 8, and the resulting database used as input for the resources
        classification, complies with this procedure. Conditional simulation allows the development of an
        uncertainty model to quantify the copper grade estimation uncertainty for monthly production volumes. The
        process used can be summarised as:
                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                   Page 130


             •     Perform conditional simulation models, for Geology and copper grade in a fine grid (5 x 5 x15 m).
             •     Re-block simulation models at SMU size (25 x 25 x15 m).
             •     Post process simulated grades to account for change of support, from a single SMU to monthly
                   panel
             •     Uncertainty model calculation
             •     Threshold definition to produce preliminary resource classification
             •     Classification adjusted according to the local drilling pattern
             •     Mathematical smoothing using MAPS algorithm from CCG Alberta
             •     Final review, checks, and validations

        For the FY21 Resource models, which are internally known as MLP22 and being those employed for the
        June 2022 declarations, the mineral resources categories are defined as follows:

             •     Measured Resource: Material which provides a prediction of the tonnes of recovered or saleable
                   copper and grade with an accuracy of ± 10% on an annual basis and ± 15% on a quarterly basis
                   with 95% confidence (for the mining method used at the planned capacity and at the planned cut-
                   off grade).
             •     Indicated Resource: Material which provides a prediction of the tonnes of recovered or saleable
                   copper and grade with an accuracy of ± 15% on an annual basis with 95% confidence (for the
                   mining method used at the planned capacity and at the planned cut-off grade).
             •     Inferred Resource: Material which provides a prediction of the tonnes of recovered or saleable
                   copper and grade with an accuracy of ± 25% on an annual basis with 95% confidence (for the
                   mining method used at the planned capacity and at the planned cut-off grade).

        Scaling factors for change of support between Quarterly and Monthly deviations were defined to adjust
        mineral resources classification criteria in order to comply with internal guidelines. These factors were
        applied to define measured and indicated categories. The reduction factor in deviations was applied as the
        uncertainty reduction factor and in this way the guideline was directly used to define thresholds in the
        uncertainty model to produce different resource categories. The uncertainty model was updated to 95% of
        probability instead of 90% used in previous version; Table 11-24 shows the uncertainty threshold for each
        kind of mineralisation.

        Table 11-24:         Uncertainty Thresholds by Mineralisation

                                                                                            Uncertainty
                                                                                                                  Uncertainty
                 Category                   Internal threshold                             threshold for
                                                                                                              threshold for Oxide
                                                                                             Sulphide

                                ±15% Quarterly @ 95% confidence                        Uncertainty (95%) ≤   Uncertainty (95%) ≤
          Measured
                                ±10% Annually @ 95% confidence                         20%                   30%

                                                                                       20% < Uncertainty     30% < Uncertainty
          Indicated             ±15% Annually @ 95% confidence
                                                                                       (95%) ≤ 30%           (95%) ≤ 45%

                                                                                       Uncertainty (95%) >   Uncertainty (95%) >
          Inferred              ±25% Annually @ 95% confidence
                                                                                       30% (Interpolated)    45% (Interpolated)
        Source: MEL (2022)


        The thresholds were validated with historical reconciliations of the feed materials presented in figures 11-
        27 and 11-28. In the opinion of the QP, uncertainty thresholds used for mineral resources classification are
        adequate for a porphyry copper deposit, given the level of information and the extraction volume defined.
        Figure 11-24 shows the spatial configuration and drill hole arrangement for Escondida (left) and Escondida
        Norte (right).




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                      June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 131




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-24:        Mineral Resources Classification and Data Density


        Although MEL mineral resources classification methodology does not use a specific drilling pattern to
        define the different categories it is possible to calculate a nominal drilling pattern according to the
        commonly used formula in the industry:

                                                                                        𝑡𝑜𝑛𝑛𝑎𝑔𝑒
                                         𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐷𝑟𝑖𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑃𝑎𝑡𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑛 = √
                                                                                   𝑑𝑟𝑖𝑙𝑙 ℎ𝑜𝑙𝑒 𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑠

        Table 11-25 shows the nominal drilling pattern calculated for each one of the resource categories.

        Table 11-25:         Nominal Drilling Pattern

                   Category                  Oxide                   Mixed              Sulphide
          Measured (mean)                   40 x 40 m             45 x 45 m             60 x 60 m
          Indicated (mean)                  60 x 60 m             75 x 75 m            150 x 150 m
          Inferred (maximum)                90 x 90 m            100 x 100 m           320 x 320 m
        Source: MEL (2022)



11.8     Uncertainty
        Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not necessarily demonstrate economic viability. There
        is no certainty that all or any part of these mineral resources will be converted into mineral reserves.

        Inferred mineral resources are too speculative geologically to have economic considerations applied to
        them to enable them to be categorised as mineral reserves.

        Mineral resources estimates may be materially affected by the quality of data, natural geological variability
        of mineralisation and / or metallurgical recovery and the accuracy of the economic assumptions supporting
        reasonable prospects for economic extraction including metal prices, and mining and processing costs.

        Mineral resources may also be affected by the estimation methodology and parameters and assumptions
        used in the grade estimation process including top-cutting (capping) of data or search and estimation

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 132


        strategies although it is the QP’s opinion that there is a low likelihood of this having a material impact on
        Figure 11-25 and Figure 11-26 show the mineral resources distribution by category for sulphide mineral
        mined during the last 10 years, showing that the majority corresponds to measured resources.

                             100%

                             80%




            Proportion (%)
                             60%
                                                                                                    Inferred
                             40%
                                                                                                    Indicated
                             20%                                                                    Measured

                              0%




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-25:               Mined Sulphide Material by Mineral Resources Category, FY12 to FY22, Escondida


                             100%

                             80%




            Proportion (%)
                             60%
                                                                                                    Inferred
                             40%
                                                                                                    Indicated

                             20%                                                                    Measured

                              0%




        Source: MEL (2022)


        Figure 11-26:               Mined Sulphide Material by Mineral Resources Category, FY12 to FY22, Escondida
                                    Norte


        Figure 11-27 shows Escondida annually and quarterly deviation for tonnage, grade and in-situ copper.
        There is one annual period were the in-situ copper deviation is outside of accepted limit with 8%
        underestimation. Considering quarterly periods, FY13-Q1, FY-15-Q2 and FY-19-Q3 period shows in-situ
        copper deviation outside of the guideline used to define the measured category.

        For the Escondida Norte case, Figure 11-28 only FY13 in-situ copper deviation outside of the guideline
        used to define the measured category shows there were no deviations outside of the limits used to define
        measured category.

        Based on the previous analysis, there is a high effectiveness of the measured Resource in adhering to its
        current definitions used during the resource classification process.




                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Page 133


          Deviation                                                                                               Deviation
            (%)              Anually Deviations, Escondida Sulphide                                                 (%)                                                     Quarterly deviations, Escondida Sulphide


             20%                                                                                                          20%
             15%                                                                                                          15%
             10%                                                                                                          10%
              5%                                                                                                           5%
              0%                                                                                                           0%
             -5%                                                                                                          -5%
            -10%                                                                                                         -10%
            -15%                                                                                                         -15%
            -20%                                                                                                         -20%

                      FY12     FY13    FY14      FY15   FY16     FY17   FY18    FY19    FY20    FY21
                                                                                                                                  FY12-Q1      FY12-Q3     FY13-Q1     FY13-Q3     FY14-Q1     FY14-Q3    FY15-Q1    FY15-Q3    FY16-Q1    FY16-Q3   FY17-Q1   FY17-Q3   FY18-Q1   FY18-Q3   FY19-Q1     FY19-Q3   FY20-Q1   FY20-Q3    FY21-Q1    FY21-Q3    FY22-01


                                      Tonnage                     Grade                 Copper                                                                                       Tonnage                                                         Grade                                                   Copper



        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-27:                         Escondida Sulphide Annual and Quarterly Deviations


         Deviation                                                                                                    Deviation
           (%)        Annual Deviations, Escondida Norte Sulphide                                                       (%)                       Quarterly Deviations, Escondida Norte Sulphide

             20%                                                                                                          20%
             15%                                                                                                          15%
             10%                                                                                                          10%
              5%                                                                                                           5%
              0%                                                                                                           0%
             -5%                                                                                                          -5%
            -10%                                                                                                         -10%
            -15%                                                                                                         -15%
            -20%                                                                                                         -20%

                      FY12     FY13    FY14      FY15   FY16     FY17    FY18    FY19    FY20    FY21   FY22
                                                                                                                                     FY12-Q1     FY12-Q3     FY13-Q1     FY13-Q3     FY14-Q1    FY14-Q3    FY15-Q1    FY15-Q3    FY16-Q1   FY16-Q3   FY17-Q1   FY17-Q3   FY18-Q1   FY18-Q3   FY19-Q1     FY19-Q3   FY20-Q1   FY20-Q3   FY21-Q1    FY21-Q3    FY22-Q1

                                      Tonnage                      Grade                 Copper                                                                                     Tonnage                                                          Grade                                                  Copper


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 11-28:                         Escondida Norte Annual and Quarterly Deviations


        Figure 11-29 shows the mineral resources classification proportions and the total mined ore for the Oxide
        and Mixed ore for the last 10 years. There were certain periods in which the measured resource exceeds
        80%, decreasing the ability to quantify the effectiveness for measured category to produce estimation
        errors inside of the guidance used during the mineral resources classification process.

         Proportion (%)
                      100%
                       90%
                       80%
                       70%
                       60%
                       50%
                       40%
                       30%
                       20%
                       10%
                        0%

                                              FY12             FY13             FY14            FY15           FY16             FY17                                             FY18                                  FY19                                    FY20                                    FY21                               FY22

                                                                           Inferred                                    Indicated                                                                                                    Measured


        Source: MEL internal geology document. (2022)

        Figure 11-29:                         Mined Oxide and Mixed Material by Mineral Resources Category, FY12 to FY22,
                                              Escondida Norte




                                                                                           Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                           Page 134



11.9     Mineral Resources Statement
        The mineral resources statement is generated and summarised in accordance the SEC S-K 1300
        Regulations. The tables are presented as follows:

             •    Mineral Resources Exclusive of Mineral Reserves corresponding to BHP’s 57.7% ownership
                  (Table 11-26);
             •    Mineral Resources Inclusive of Mineral Reserves corresponding to BHP’s 57.5% ownership
                  (Table 11-27);

        The mineral resources Statement reflects BHP’s ownership of the Escondida property through Minera
        Escondida Limitada as at June 30, 2022. This statement includes the Escondida and Escondida Norte
        deposits combined. The tables present a breakdown of the mineral resources by classification and
        material type, presenting on both an exclusive (of those mineral resources that have been converted to
        mineral reserves) and an inclusive basis.

        Table 11-26:         Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) – Summary of Mineral
                             Resources Exclusive of Mineral Reserves as of 30th June 2022
          Copper               Mining           Measured              Indicated Resources               Measured +        Inferred Resources
          Chile                Method           Resources                                          Indicated Resources
          Escondida
                                          Tonnage       Quality      Tonnage             Quality   Tonnage     Quality   Tonnage      Quality
                                              Mt         %Cu             Mt               %Cu         Mt        %Cu         Mt         %Cu
          Oxide                  OC           4.0         0.48           5.0              0.47        9.0       0.48        2.0        0.75
          Mixed                  OC           4.0         0.53           9.0              0.44        13        0.47        11         0.49
          Sulphide               OC          596          0.49          1,020             0.49      1,620       0.49      5,370        0.53
          Escondida Total                    604          0.49          1,030             0.49      1,640       0.49      5,380        0.53
        Notes:
        1 The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
           purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data
           was prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical
           Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee
           future financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to
           "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        2 Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to
           BHP's economic interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
        3 Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
        4 Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1303 of S-K 1300.
        5 Escondida point of reference for the mineral resources was mine gate.
        6 Escondida mineral resources estimates were based on a copper price of US$3.04/lb.
        7 Escondida mineral resources cut-off criteria used was Oxide ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu; Mixed ≥ 0.30% Cu; Sulphide ≥ 0.25% Cu for
           mineralisation assigned to be processed via leaching or ≥ 0.30% Cu for mineralisation assigned to be processed via the
           concentrator.
        8 Escondida metallurgical recoveries for Oxide 62%; Mixed 42%; Sulphide 42% for material processed by leaching or 83% for
           material processed via the concentrator.

        Table 11-27:         Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) – Summary of Mineral
                             Resources Inclusive of Mineral Reserves as of 30th June 2022
          Copper               Mining           Measured             Indicated Resources                Measured +       Inferred Resources
          Chile                Method           Resources                                          Indicated Resources
          Escondida
                                          Tonnage       Quality      Tonnage         Quality       Tonnage    Quality    Tonnage     Quality
                                              Mt         %Cu             Mt              %Cu         Mt        %Cu         Mt          %Cu
          Oxide                  OC           49         0.59            18               0.53       67         0.57       2.0         0.75
          Mixed                  OC           34         0.52            28               0.47       61         0.50       11          0.49
          Sulphide               OC         2,910        0.59          2,160              0.51      5,070       0.56      5,370        0.53
          Escondida Total                   2,990        0.59          2,210              0.51      5,200       0.56      5,380        0.53
        Notes:
        1 The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
           purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data
           was prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical
           Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee


                                                      Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 135


            future financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to
            "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        2   Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to
            BHP's economic interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
        3   Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
        4   Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1303 of S-K 1300.
        5   Escondida point of reference for the mineral resources was mine gate.
        6   Escondida mineral resources estimates were based on a copper price of US$3.04/lb.
        7   Escondida mineral resources cut-off criteria used was Oxide ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu; Mixed ≥ 0.30% Cu; Sulphide ≥ 0.25% Cu for
            mineralisation assigned to be processed via leaching or ≥ 0.30% Cu for mineralisation assigned to be processed via the
            concentrator.
        8   Escondida metallurgical recoveries for Oxide 62%; Mixed 42%; Sulphide 42% for material processed by leaching or 83% for
            material processed via the concentrator.


11.10 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
        In the QP’s opinion, the relative accuracy, and therefore, confidence of the mineral resources estimates
        are deemed appropriate for their intended purpose of global mineral resources reporting and medium to
        long term mine planning studies. The factors influencing the accuracy and confidence, as stated in Section
        11.7 are taken into consideration during classification of the model; and therefore, are addressed by the
        QP in the attributed mineral resources classification.

        Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not necessarily demonstrate economic viability. There
        is no certainty that all, or any part, of this mineral resources will be converted into mineral reserves.

        Inferred mineral resources are too speculative geologically to have economic considerations applied to
        them to enable them to be categorised as mineral reserves.

        Mineral resources estimates may be materially affected by the quality of data, natural geological variability
        of mineralisation and/or metallurgical recovery and the accuracy of the economic assumptions supporting
        reasonable prospects for economic extraction including metal prices, and mining and processing costs.

11.11 Opinion on Influence for Economic Extraction
        The QP is of the opinion that, with the recommendations and opportunities outlined in Section 23.1
        (Recommended Work Programmes), any issues relating to all applicable technical and economic factors
        likely to influence the prospect of economic extraction can be resolved with further work.




                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                      Page 136



12       Mineral Reserves Estimate

12.1     Key Assumptions, Parameters, and Methods
        MEL is a mature open pit operation with more than 30 years of operation. To generate a mineral reserves,
        we utilize the measured and indicated components of the mineral resources estimates and apply
        additional modifying factors to produce a mine plan which MEL uses as the basis of a mineral reserves
        declaration. Modifying factors include mining parameters, geological and geotechnical models, costs, and
        revenue.

        Estimating the mineral reserves at MEL is part of an annual process that aims to optimise a large scale
        and complex operation comprising of three process routes (Concentrator, Sulphide, and Oxide Leaching),
        which are fed from two active pits. Each process route presents different copper grades, geo-metallurgical
        characteristics, and mining constraints. The overall process of Reserve development is provided
        graphically below in Figure 12-1.


                                                                     Optimal           Detailed                             Mineral    Mineral
           Resource Block    Mining Block       Optimal Pit                                            Life of Asset
                                                                    Pushback           Pushback                            Reserve     Reserve
               Model           Model              Shell                                                  Planning
                                                                     Designs            Designs                            Schedule    Estimate




        Figure 12-1:          MEL Process for Mineral Reserves Estimation
        Maps presented in this chapter use local mine coordinates derived from the PSAD-56 UTM projection.

        The subsections below describe the ore Reserve estimation process.

        Geologic Resource and Mining Models
        The dimensions of the block model are shown in Table 12-1 for the Escondida Norte pit, and Table 12-2
        for the Escondida pit. The principal variables of the block model used for mineral reserves are shown in
        Table 12-3.

        Table 12-1:           Block Model Dimensions – Escondida Norte Pit

              Dimension                 Minimum                    Maximum                Block Size (m)               No. of Blocks
                    X                       0                         5,400                       25                       216
                    Y                       0                         5,450                       25                       218
                    Z                       0                         1,650                       15                       110
        Source: MEL (2022)


        Table 12-2:           Block Model Dimensions – Escondida Pit

              Dimension                 Minimum                    Maximum                Block Size (m)               No. of Blocks
                    X                       0                         7,400                       25                       296
                    Y                       0                        10,400                       25                       416
                    Z                       0                         2,160                       15                       144
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                              Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                  Page 137


        Table 12-3:          Principal Variables of the Block Model

                Variable                                            Description
          TCu                    Total Copper (%)
          SCu                    Soluble copper (%)
          Au                     Gold (%)
          Ag                     Silver (%)
          densidad               Dry Density
          bwi                    Bond Work Index (Kwh/ton)
          spi                    Sag Power Index (min)
          rec_flc                Flotation recovery for Los Colorados concentrator (%)
          rec_fls1               Flotation recovery for Laguna Seca Line 1 concentrator (%)
          rec_fls2               Flotation recovery for Laguna Seca Line 2 concentrator (%)
          rec_lixaci             Acid leach recovery (%)
          rec_sl_350             Sulphide leach recovery (%)
          Categ_Rec              Resource category
        Source: MEL (2022)


        MEL reports using financial years that start on 1st July and end the next year on 30th June of each year.
        The model starts on the 1st July 2022 (start of the FY23 financial year). The estimated depletion was
        based off the CY2021 May Forecast which includes approximately 12 months of forecasted movement. In
        the opinion of the QP any difference between the planned and actual start surface is not material.

        A Mining Model was created from the Geologic Resource Model by applying dilution and mining recovery
        factors of 0% and 0% respectively. See Section 13.3.4 for further discussion.

12.2     Modifying Factors

        Property Limits
        The Escondida pit falls completely within the MEL property limits.

        The Escondida Norte pit shares a lease boundary with Compañía Minera Zaldivar (CMZ), this is a mine
        that is operated by Antofagasta Minerals. The shared boundary impacts Pushback N12, N10 and N14. All
        material in the CMZ lease is considered as waste when developing the optimal pit designs.

        CMZ and MEL have historic agreements in place with regards to CMZ accessing areas that fall within the
        MEL property, as well as MEL gaining access to portions of the Escondida Norte pit that fall within the
        CMZ mine property.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                     June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 138




                                                                N14




                 Compañía
                                                            N10
                 Minera
                 Zaldivar




                                                              N12




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 12-2:         Escondida Norte Pit and the Compañía Minera Zaldivar Lease Boundary

        Project Constraints
        The mining project boundary isn’t limited by existing infrastructure; however, there are several projects
        that enable the final boundary to be reached.

             •    Los Colorado Concentrator Removal
             •    Truck Shop Removal
             •    Hamburgo Tailings Removal

        Los Colorado Concentrator Demolition
        The Los Colorado Concentrator is the original concentrator at MEL. As the pit has expanded this
        concentrator is required to be removed to access the ore underneath it. In the SEC mine plan, the final
        year of operation for this concentrator is FY27. A replacement of this concentrator is not included in this
        plan, however concentrators Laguna Seca Lines 1 and 2 are expected to continue to operate. Once
        removed access into PL2s/PL2n and subsequent pushbacks is available.

        Truck Shop Removal
        The current Truck Shop where the maintenance of the trucks is carried out it located adjacent to the Los
        Colorado Concentrator and must be removed to access the ore underneath it. Once removed access into
        PL2s and subsequent pushbacks is available. A new truck shop is planned to replace the one that has
        been removed.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                          Page 139


        Hamburgo Tailings Removal
        The Hamburgo tailings deposit is located at the southeast end of the Escondida pit. It is required to be
        removed to access the pushbacks E8 and PL5s, PL6s, PL7s. E8 is the initial pushback that is enabled
        from the removal of the Tailings, and this pushback is planned for FY50.

        Processing
        Material is mined from two open pits; Escondida and Escondida Norte, using truck and shovel mining
        methods (described in further detail in Chapter 13) and sent to one of three processes (see Figure 12-3):

             •    Concentrators (Consisting of three separate concentrators; Los Colorados, Laguna Seca Line 1,
                  Laguna Seca Line 2)
             •    Sulphide Bioleaching
             •    Acid Leaching

        Product is then sent via a pipeline (in the case of concentrators) or sent via railways (in the case of
        Cathodes) to ports near the city of Antofagasta for export.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 12-3:         Sources and Actual Destination Flowsheet


        Commodity Prices Used
        The copper price and used for the pit optimisation and economic cut-off analysis was: 2.79 US$/lb.

        The historic price of copper since the mid 2000’s has average approximately 3.5 US$/lb. External
        forecasts project a shortage of copper supply over the next 10 years as demand grows, while supply is
        forecast to drop from existing mines, resulting in an expected long-term price (2032 onwards) to be above
        3.50 US$/lb (real$ 2022), which is higher than the price used in the current reserves estimation process
        (2.79 US$/lb).

        Chapter 16 contains the full analysis of the copper commodity price in which discussion of the validity of
        the commodity prices employed is presented. In the opinion of the QP for reserves the selected price for
        reserves is considered reasonable.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 140


        Cut-off Grade Estimate
        The cut-off grades (COG) used to differentiate waste from mineralised ore are 0.3% of total copper for the
        Sulphide (concentrator feed) and 0.25% of total Copper and less than 70% of Chalcopyrite for Sulphide
        Leach (ROM sulphide leach feed) reserves whereas for the Oxide (acid heap leach) feed reserves are
        reported above 0.2% Acid soluble copper. These cut-off grades are based on economic analysis and
        assume open-pit extraction and concentrator, ROM or heap leach processing alternatives as per the
        current operation. Since the material fed to concentrator and sulphide leach processes are sourced from
        the same ore body, MEL employed a variable cut-off grade (VCOG) to determine the ore destination that
        provides maximum value.

        The cut-off grades are based on copper content only. Material processed through the concentrators also
        contains gold and silver, from which MEL generates revenue. The gold and silver revenues have been
        included in the financial model (Chapter 19), however they are excluded from the cut-off grade calculation.
        This is considered to be a relatively conservative method of applying the cut-off.

        Cut-off Grade Calculation for Mill
        The parameters in Table 12-4 used to calculate the value of sending the material to the mill. If the value is
        greater than zero, the material can be considered for processing. In addition, it was considered for
        processing if it had a solubility index less than 0.8.

        Table 12-4:           Copper Concentrator COG Parameters

                             Variable                                 Units                 Value              Additional Information
          Payable metal in concentrate dispatched
                                                                        %                   96.65
          from site
          Mill recovery                                                 %                     83           Life of Mine (LoM) Average.
          Indicative site costs
              Mining cost                                    $/t material moved             0.87
              Hauling cost                                                                Variable
              Mill Processing cost                          $/t of Ore Processed            7.10
              Mill Selling cost                               $/t of Saleable Cu             359
              Administration and overheads cost               $/t of Saleable Cu             838
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)


        The Mill Cut-off Grade (COG) for the Concentrator is shown below:
                                                          (𝑀𝑖𝑛𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡 + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑐𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡)
                                  𝑀𝑖𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝐺 =
                                               ( 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 − 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡) ∗ 𝑅𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑦 ∗ 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑎𝑏𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦

        Based on the above equation, the Mill cut-off is 0.23%. The cut-off used to calculate the mineral reserves,
        is 0.20%. The mill and sulphide bioleaching use the same material for processing, so we use a variable
        cut-off grade to maximum value between the mill and leaching processes. The minimum cut-off grade is
        0.2% and greater than the variable cut-off grade.

        Cut-off Grade Calculation for Sulphide Bioleaching Process
        The parameters in Table 12-5 are used to calculate the value of sending the material to the Sulphide
        Bioleaching. If the value is greater than zero, the material can be considered for processing.

                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 141


        Table 12-5:           Sulphide Bioleaching COG Parameters

                            Variable                                 Units                 Value            Additional Information

          Payable                                                      %                   100.0
          Leaching recovery                                            %                    42         Life of Mine (LoM) Average.
          Indicative site costs
              Mining cost                                   $/t material moved             0.87
              Hauling cost                                                                Variable
              Processing cost                                 $/t of ROM ore               1.31
              Mill Selling cost                             $/t of Saleable Cu              441
              Administration and overheads cost             $/t of Saleable Cu              838
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)


        The Sulphide Bioleaching Cut-off Grade (COG) is shown below:
                                                                      (𝑀𝑖𝑛𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡 + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑐𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡)
                     𝑆𝑢𝑙𝑝ℎ𝑖𝑑𝑒 𝐵𝑖𝑜 𝐿𝑒𝑎𝑐ℎ𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐶𝑜𝐺 =
                                                           ( 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 − 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡) ∗ 𝑅𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑦 ∗ 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑎𝑏𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦

        Based on the above equation, the Sulphide Bioleaching Cut-off Grade is 0.21%. The cut-off used to
        calculate the mineral reserves, is 0.25%.

        Cut-off Grade Calculation for Acid Leaching Process
        The parameters in Table 12-6 are used to calculate the value of sending the material to the acid leaching
        process. If the value is greater than zero, the material can be considered for processing.

        Table 12-6:           Acid Leaching COG Parameters

                            Variable                                 Units                 Value            Additional Information

          Payable                                                      %                   100.0
          Leaching recovery                                            %                    62         Life of Mine (LoM) Average.
          Indicative site costs
              Mining cost                                   $/t material moved             0.87
              Hauling cost                                                                Variable
              Processing cost                                 $/t of ROM ore               7.98
              Mill Selling cost                             $/t of Saleable Cu              661
              Administration and overheads cost             $/t of Saleable Cu              838
        Notes: 1) Selling cost includes solvent extraction-electrowinning and transport.
        2) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 142


        The Acid Leaching Cut-off Grade (COG) is shown below:
                                                             (𝑀𝑖𝑛𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡 + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑐𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡)
                         𝐴𝑐𝑖𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑎𝑐ℎ𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐶𝑜𝐺 =
                                                  ( 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 − 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡) ∗ 𝑅𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑦 ∗ 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑎𝑏𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦

        Based on the above equation, the Acid Bioleaching Cut-off Grade is 0.35%. The cut-off used to calculate
        the mineral reserves, is 0.35%.

        For ore to be routed to the mill in this study, the following criteria had to be met:

             •    A mineral resource classification of either measured or indicated
             •    A mill value greater than or equal to zero
             •    Does not exceed the feed limit which is based on the design and historical data
             •    Does not exceed the limit of the crushing circuit which is based on rock hardness and the design
                  and historical data of the crushing circuit
             •    Concentrator metallurgical recovery is based on mineralogical data in the block model and
                  historical performance data

        For ore to be routed to the Sulphide bioleaching pad in this study, the following criteria had to be met:

             •    A mineral resources classification of either measured or indicated
             •    A leach value greater than or equal to zero
             •    Less than 70% of Chalcopyrite ore
             •    Limited by the electrowinning process to 200k tonnes of copper produced per year

        For ore to be routed to the Acid Leaching in this study, the following criteria had to be met:

             •    A mineral resources classification of either measured or indicated
             •    A leach value greater than or equal to zero
             •    Clay content does not exceed 17%
             •    Limited by the electrowinning process to 150,000 t of copper produced per year

        Pit Optimisation
        A pit optimisation analysis was carried out using Blasor software, an internally developed software
        programme. The purpose of pit optimisation work is to determine the economic shell that can be mined
        using open pit methods. The optimum result is to mine as much of the resource as economically possible.

        Blasor uses the Lerchs-Grossman algorithm for pit optimisation. It employs a series of geometric
        assumptions (related to pit slope angles) and economic assumptions (price, recovery, mining, and
        processing costs) to determine the three-dimensional shape that yields the maximum profit under those
        assumed conditions. Individual blocks in the model are assigned the net revenue the block generates,
        from its recoverable copper, after mining processing and smelting costs have been deducted. Waste
        blocks have a negative value; ore blocks will generally generate positive revenue.

        The Lerchs-Grossman algorithm is an industry standard algorithm. The Optimised Reserve pit is defined
        based on the mineral resources excluding inferred resources. In addition, the historical prices and costs
        for the past 3 years are used to define the limits for the public reporting of mineral reserves. Pit slope
        parameters for the pit optimisation were developed as described below with additional detail provided in
        Section 13.2. The design slopes were adjusted to account for anticipated haul road locations.

        Geotechnical evaluation defined different geotechnical parameters for the Escondida and Escondida Norte
        pit slope designs. Recommendations for geotechnical slope angles are defined in terms of Inter-Ramp
        Angles (IRA), global angle, bench face angle, width ramp and considerations in terms of height and
        geometry of design. To reduce the risk associated with the vertical interaction between phases, and to
        mitigate wall failures between pushbacks, the geotechnical design includes a catch berm (step out) every

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                           Page 143


        10 benches for single benching and a catch berm every five benches for double benching. It is considered
        good practice to build a containment berm on the crest of the step-out, and if possible, at the toe of the
        bench face. The minimum height of the parapet wall should be 2m, (1/2 of height wheel of trucks).

        A nested pit analysis was performed on the geologic model using the three processing routes and the
        economic cut-offs described in Section 12.3. Additional optimisation parameters are shown in Table 12-7.

        Table 12-7:           Pit Optimisation Economic Inputs

                                 Description                                                Units                        Value

          Mining - Base Cost                                                       $/t material moved                     0.87

          Mining - Haulage Cost                                                                                        Variable

          Mining Loss                                                                        %                             0

          Mining Dilution                                                                    %                             0

          Ore Processing Cost - Milled Ore                                          $/t Ore Processed                     7.10

          Ore Processing Cost - Sulphide Bio Leach Ore                              $/t Ore Processed                     1.31

          Ore Processing Cost - Acid Leached Oxide Ore                              $/t Ore Processed                     7.98

          Metallurgical Recovery - Milled Ore                                                %                            83*

          Metallurgical Recovery - Sulphide Bio Leach Ore                                    %                            42*

          Metallurgical Recovery - Acid Leached Oxide Ore                                    %                            62*

          Payable Cu - Milled Ore                                                            %                           96.65

          Payable Cu - Sulphide Bio Leach Ore                                                %                            100

          Payable Cu - Acid Leached Oxide Ore                                                %                            100

          Cu Price                                                                         US$ / lb                       2.79
        Notes: 1) * variable recovery curves is applied to each block and material type
        2) Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 12-4 and Figure 12-5 show how each pit reacts to different Revenue Factors (RF), with a Revenue
        Factor of 1 corresponding to the copper price outlined in Chapter 16. The selected optimal pits for both
        Escondida and Escondida Norte are 82 and 72 respectively, which represent RF of 0.92 and 0.82
        respectively. These pits correspond to the point where the discounted cash flow starts to flatten out. Pits
        after the selected point do not add significantly more value.

        Ultimate pits were designed for which were based on the selected pit shells the geotechnical design
        parameters outlined Escondida and Escondida Norte. The final pit designs in the context of the overall
        mine site are presented in Figure 13-16 (Chapter 13).




                                                        Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                            Page 144



                                         35                                                                                         16
                                                                                                                    82
                                         30                                                                                         14




            Material Tonnes (Billions)
                                                                                                                                    12
                                         25




                                                                                                                                                     USD (Billions)
                                                                                                                                    10
                                         20
                                                                                                                                    8
                                         15
                                                                                                                                    6
                                         10
                                                                                                                                    4

                                         5                                                                                          2

                                         0      1
                                                4
                                                7
                                               10                                                                                   0
                                               13
                                               16
                                               19
                                               22
                                               25
                                               28
                                               31
                                               34
                                               37
                                               40
                                               43
                                               46
                                               49
                                               52
                                               55
                                               58
                                               61
                                               64
                                               67
                                               70
                                               73
                                               76
                                               79
                                               82
                                               85
                                               88
                                               91
                                               94
                                               97
                                              100
                                                                                   Shell

                                                               Ore            Waste                 Best_case_DCF

        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 12-4:                          Optimal Pit Selection for Escondida Pit


                                         12                                                                                     5
                                                                                                             72

                                         10
                                                                                                                                4




            Material Tonnes (Billions)
                                         8



                                                                                                                                    USD (Billions)
                                                                                                                                3
                                         6
                                                                                                                                2
                                         4

                                                                                                                                1
                                         2


                                         0      1
                                                4
                                                7
                                               10                                                                               0
                                               13
                                               16
                                               19
                                               22
                                               25
                                               28
                                               31
                                               34
                                               37
                                               40
                                               43
                                               46
                                               49
                                               52
                                               55
                                               58
                                               61
                                               64
                                               67
                                               70
                                               73
                                               76
                                               79
                                               82
                                               85
                                               88
                                               91
                                               94
                                               97
                                              100
                                                                                  Shell

                                                              Ore           Waste               Best_case_DCF

        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 12-5:                          Optimal Pit Selection for Escondida Norte Pit
                                                                 Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                Page 145



12.3     Mineral Reserves Classification and Criteria
        Generally, the approach to classifying mineral reserves is to convert measured mineral resources to
        proven mineral reserves and Indicated mineral resources to probable mineral reserves based on the
        modifying factors. MEL has taken this approach for all mineral reserves up until FY50 in the mine plan,
        with all mineral reserves being classified as probable after this year.

        In FY50 MEL is required to renew surface rights and in addition we expect to be approaching the final
        approved limit of the tailings dam. To raise the tailings dam wall higher a new Environmental Impact Study
        (EIA) will be required. The Qualified Person has no reason to think either of these rights and approvals will
        not be obtained; however, given how far in the future they occur, we have chosen out of an abundance of
        caution to reflect the increased uncertainty by classifying measured mineral resources as probable mineral
        reserves after FY50.

        The mineral reserves by Category can be seen in and Figure 12-6.


                                                                  Feed By Reserve Category
          100%
           90%
           80%
           70%
           60%
           50%
           40%
           30%
           20%
           10%
            0%

                 FY23   FY25   FY27   FY29   FY31   FY33   FY35   FY37   FY39    FY41   FY43   FY45   FY47   FY49   FY51   FY53   FY55   FY57   FY59   FY61   FY63   FY65   FY67

                                                                                Proven          Probable

        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 12-6:              Feed by Reserve Category to Process

12.4     Material Risks Associated with the Modifying Factors
        The QP has identified the following material risks associated with the modifying factors:

             •     Product Sales Price:
                   o The copper price expected for the sale of copper concentrates and cathodes is based on
                      three calendar-year average of historical monthly median values as explained in Chapter 16.
                      There is considerable uncertainty about how future supply and demand will change which will
                      materially impact future copper prices. The reserve estimate is sensitive to the potential
                      significant changes in revenue associated with changes in copper concentrate/cathode prices.
             •     Mining Dilution and Mining Recovery:
                   o The mining dilution estimate depends on the accuracy of the resource model as it relates to
                       internal waste dilution/dikes identification. Due to the spacing of the resource drill holes, it is
                       not possible to identify all of the waste dikes the operation will encounter in the future. If an
                       increased number of waste dikes are found in future mining activities, the dilution may be
                       greater than estimated because there will be more ore blocks in contact with waste blocks.
                       This would potentially introduce more waste into the plant feed, which would decrease the

                                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                             Page 146


                       feed grade, slow down the throughput and reduce the metallurgical recovery. A potential
                       mitigation would be to mine more selectively around the waste dikes, although this would
                       result in reduced mining recovery.
             •    Impact of Currency Exchange Rates on Production Cost
                  o Differences in the actual exchange rate compared to the assumed rate in the model could
                     potentially change the mineral reserves estimates.
             •    Geotechnical Parameters:
                     Geotechnical parameters used to estimate the mineral reserves can change as mining
                     progresses. Local slope failures could force the operation to adapt to a lower slope angle
                     which would cause the strip ratio to increase and the economics of the pit to change.
             •    Processing Plant Throughput and Yields:
                  o The forecast cost structure assumes that all processing plants remain fully operational and
                      that the estimated recovery assumptions are achieved. If one or more of the plants does not
                      operate in the future, the cost structure of the operation will increase. If the targeted recovery
                      is not achieved, concentrate production will be lower. Both of these outcomes would adversely
                      impact the mineral reserves.

12.5     Mineral Reserves Statement
        Based on the modifying factors discussed in this section the mineral reserves is listed in Table 12-8 on a
        BHP 57.5% ownership basis.

        Table 12-8:           Escondida Property BHP Ownership Basis (57.5%) - Summary of Mineral Reserves
                              as at 30th June 2022
          Copper                Mining            Proven Reserves                    Probable Reserves                Total Reserves
          Chile                 Method
          Escondida                           Tonnage           Quality           Tonnage        Quality         Tonnage          Quality
                                                 Mt              %Cu                  Mt          %Cu               Mt              %Cu
          Oxide                   OC             75               0.57                31          0.51              106             0.55
          Sulphide                OC            1,560             0.70                939         0.56             2,500            0.65
          Sulphide Leach          OC             755              0.46                197         0.40              952             0.45
          Escondida Total                       2,390             0.62              1,170         0.53             3,560            0.59
        Notes:
        1 The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
           purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data
           was prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical
           Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee
           future financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to
           "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        2 Mineral reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to
           BHP's economic interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
        3 Escondida, in which BHP has a 57.5% interest, is considered a material property for purposes of Item 1303 of S-K 1300.
        4 Escondida point of reference for the mineral reserves was mine gate.
        5 Escondida mineral reserves estimates were based on a copper price of US$2.79/lb.
        6 Escondida mineral reserves cut-off criteria used was Oxide ≥ 0.20% soluble Cu. For Sulphide ≥ 0.30% Cu and where greater
           than the variable cut-off of the concentrator. Sulphide ore is processed in the concentrator plants as a result of an optimised mine
           plan with consideration of technical and economic parameters in order to maximise net present value. Sulphide Leach ≥ 0.25%
           Cu and 70% or less of copper contained in chalcopyrite and lower than the variable cut-off grade. Sulphide leach ore is
           processed in the leaching plant as an alternative to the concentrator process.
        7 Escondida metallurgical recoveries for Oxide 62%; Sulphide Leach 42%; Sulphide 42% for material processed by leaching or
           83% for material processed via the concentrator.


12.6     Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
        It is the QP’s opinion that the accuracy of the modifying factors are with the plus or minus 25% as defined
        in the SEC S-K 1300 Regulations for a PFS level study.




                                                        Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 147



13       Mining Methods

13.1     Selected Mining Method
        MEL is a mining operation that uses conventional open pit methods to extract mineral reserves containing
        economic quantities of copper to produce both cathodes and copper concentrates. The mineral reserves
        are based on the LOM plan which only considers open pit mining.

        Maps presented in this chapter use local mine coordinates derived from the PSAD-56 UTM projection.

13.2     Production Tasks
        Since the start of operations at MEL, the mine has operated using an open pit mining method, utilising
        trucks, and shovels/excavators. This method is suited to the large copper porphyry deposits mined by
        MEL as the deposits are low grade, high tonnage and located relatively close to the surface.

        Since this is an established operation, the deposit, mining, metallurgy and processing, and environmental
        aspects of the project are well understood. The geological knowledge for MEL is based on the collective
        experience of personnel from MEL’s site operations geology, mining, metallurgy, and other technical
        disciplines gained during the history of the operations. This knowledge is supported by years of production
        data at MEL.

        Drill and Blast
        The mining operation begins with the drilling process; drill samples are sent to an assay laboratory for
        analysis. The assay results are used to mark out zones of ore, leach, and waste rock, which are mined
        separately. The current drilling equipment is outlined in Table 13-7.

        Waste Removal and Storage
        After the blasting is completed, ore and waste are mined by excavators loading onto trucks. The current
        fleet is outlined in Table 13-7. Overburden and waste loads can be used for fixing roads, building ramps,
        or simply placed on the Overburden Storage Facility (OSF).

        Ore Removal and Transport
        There are three destinations for ore based on the processing method to include mill, sulphide bio leach,
        and acid leaching.

        Ore being sent to the Mills is sent to one of two locations, the Los Colorados plant which is adjacent to the
        Escondida pit, or Laguna Seca Line 1 / Line 2 plants located approximately 6km south of the Escondida
        pit. Ore coming from the Escondida pit being sent to Los Colorados is sent to Crusher 1 (with a capacity of
        4,500 tonnes per hour [tph]) and then transported by conveyor to Los Colorados. Ore coming from
        Escondida pit being sent to Laguna Seca Line 1 or Line 2 is sent to Crusher 2 (capacity of 7,420tph) or
        Crusher 3 (capacity of 9,330 tph) and then via one of two conveyors to Laguna Seca Line 1 or Line 2. Ore
        from Norte pit is sent from Crusher 5 (capacity of 9,330 tph) and transported to either Los Colorados or
        Laguna Seca Line 1.

        Ore being sent to Sulphide Bioleaching is sent via trucks to the ROM pad located 8 km east of the
        Escondida pit / 6 km southeast of the Escondida Norte pit. This pad has a design capacity of ~1,600 Mt.

        Acid Leaching Ore is taken via trucks to Crusher 4 (capacity of 5,000tph), it then undergoes secondary
        and tertiary crushing and finally agglomeration before being sent via conveyor to be placed on the
        dynamic pad approximately 7km to the Northwest of the Escondida pit.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                    Page 148



13.3     Additional Parameters Relevant to Mine Designs and Plans

        Geotechnical Models
        From the geotechnical logging of drilling, geotechnical parameters were obtained, such as resistance of
        the rocky matrix (Intact Rock Strength [IRS]), degree of fracturing (RQD and FF), additionally the condition
        of the discontinuities (continuity, opening, roughness, filling, alteration of walls) to determine the RMR89
        (rock mass rating Bieniawski) dry condition, which are incorporated in the geotechnical block models for
        Escondida and Escondida Norte with spatial variability in each of the variables (GSI, FF, RQD, RMR89
        each lithology-alteration unit had a fixed value of GSI (geological strength index) or RMR89 calibrated to
        better represent the observed failure mechanisms.

        The current geotechnical model is developed by Interpolation with the Reverse at Distance (RBF) method
        using Leapfrog tool, applying structural anisotropy for interpretation, with a basis of geological
        conceptualisation. Figure 13-1 shows an overview of the process to crease these models.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-1:         Geotechnical Estimate Flowsheet


        Geotechnical evaluation has defined different geotechnical parameters for the Escondida and Escondida
        Norte pit slope designs. Recommendations for geotechnical slope angles are defined in terms of Inter
        Ramp Angles (IRA), global angle, bench face angle, ramp width, and considerations in terms of height and
        geometry of design. In order to reduce the risk associated with the vertical interaction between phases,
        and to mitigate wall failures between pushbacks, the geotechnical design includes a catch berm (step out)
        every 10 benches for single benching and a catch berm every 5 benches for double benching. It is
        considered good practice to build a containment berm on the crest of the step-out, and if possible, at the
        toe of the bench face. The minimum height of the parapet wall should be 2 m, (1/2 of height wheel of
        trucks).

        The mine design parameters applied for the Escondida and Escondida Norte mine pit pushbacks are
        summarised in Figure 13-1 and Table 13-1. Figure 13-2 and Figure 13-3 show the IRA for Escondida and
        Escondida Norte pits, respectively.

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 149




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-2:         Geotechnical Definitions


        Table 13-1:          Mine Design Parameters

                   Design Parameters                                            Dimensions
          Minimum mining width (pushback)         150 m
          Escondida pit bench height              15 m (single benching)
          Escondida Norte pit bench height        15 m (single benching) and 30m (double benching)
          Bench face angle                        70° (single benching) y 72° (double benching)
          Haul road maximum grade                 10%
          Maximum curve radius                    21 m
          Haul road width                         40 m
          Inter-ramp angle                        Variable by sector, based on geotechnical criteria
          Berm width                              Variable, according to inter-ramp angle and bench interval
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                               Page 150




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-3:         Escondida Pit Operational IRA (ToR 23)




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-4:         Escondida Norte Pit Operational IRA (ToR 23)




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 151


        Waste dump designs are common throughout the operation and consider the building of dumps with two
        lifts of 150 m height each and berms of 65 m between each lift Figure 13-4. This results in waste dumps of
        300m maximum height with slope angles of 37°. The design considers access ramps with a maximum
        gradient of 10%. A summary of the main assumptions for waste dump construction is shown in Table 13-2.

        Table 13-2:          Waste Dump Design Parameters

                Design Parameters Value                 Value
          Face angle (angle of repose)             37 degrees
          Waste material Density                   1.8 tonnes/m3
          Access ramps                             10% grade
          Dump height maximum (each level)         150 m
          Berm width between lifts                 65 m
          Maximum number of levels                 2
          Haul road width                          40 m
        Source: MEL (2022)




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-5:         Waste Dump Design Parameters
        Design Acceptance Criteria for Pit Design
        The occurrence of instabilities can occur at the bank, inter-ramp, or global level on a slope. Therefore, it is
        necessary to consider a criterion of acceptability that a slope must meet for its degree of stability to be
        considered acceptable. Usually, the acceptability criterion depends on the magnitude and consequences
        of an eventual instability of the slope considered, and is defined in terms of minimum or maximum
        permissible values for one or more of the following parameters: Factor of Safety (FoS), Safety Margin,
        Probability of Failure, reliability index, etc. In MEL, the most used parameter is the FoS, which
        corresponds to the ratio between the resistance of the material and the acting stress on it (a factor over
        1.0 has a stable condition). The FoS of both pits can be seen in Figure 13-6.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                       Page 152




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-6:         Factor of Safety Criteria for Pit Design

        Hydrological Models
        The Escondida pit is located inside the basin of the Salar de Hamburgo, in its western sector, at an
        elevation of 3,000 m amsl. The climate corresponds to marginal desert height, with average sporadic
        rainfall of 19.3 mm/year, and high evaporation rates of the order of 2,136 mm/year, resulting in negligible
        natural recharges. The basin has no permanent surface water courses, nor surface groundwater outcrops.
        The flow of natural groundwater occurs through the sedimentary deposits of the Hamburgo Salt Flat basin,
        formed, mainly gravels and sands of varied selection and degree of consolidation and through the
        underlying fractured rock consisting of andesitic rocks, which are intruded by the granodioritic intrusive
        complex.

        Groundwater flow would be controlled primarily by major NW-SE and N-S orientation faults, which would
        act as preferential conduits for water circulation. They would also exert a hydrogeological control, less
        pronounced, the contact of the primary mineralisation with other mineralisation units, and the areas of the
        igneous rocky massif (volcanic and intrusive) of greater fracturing, found mainly in the primary
        mineralisation, characterised by the geotechnical parameter RQD (designation of rock quality). With these
        parameters eight Hydrogeological Units (UHs) of the pit rock massif are defined, as shown in Table 13-3.

        Table 13-3:          Hydraulic Parameters UH

          Description UH                                                     Permeability K (m/s)      Specific Porosity (%)
          UH0 Anthropic deposits                                                       1E-06 - 4E-04            21
          UH1 Hamburgo sediments                                                       6E-08 - 6E-05         0.1 – 12
          UH2 Supergene and Leaching                                                   1E-09 - 4E-06           0.05
          UH3 Severely fractured primary
                                                                                       2E-09 - 1E-07           1-5
          (FF 17-40 1/m)
          UH4 Fractured primary
                                                                                       1E-10 - 5E-08           0.05
          (FF 5-17 1/m)
          UH5 Poorly fractured primary (FF 0-2 1/m)                                    3E-11 - 4E-08           0.01
          UH6 Relevant conducted failures                                              1E-11 - 4E-07           0.01
          UH7 Relevant Faults Partial Barrier                                          3E-11 - 4E-08           0.01
          UH7 Other faults                                                             1E-11 - 4E-07           0.01
        Source: MEL (2022)

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 153


        The excavation of the Escondida pit has generated a cone of depression that has modified the natural
        groundwater regime, inducing a radial flow into the mining excavation. Two piezometric levels are
        detected, one more shallow around 3,000 m amsl, contained in the UH2 and a deeper one linked to the
        primary rock that has heights between 2850 and 2,550 m amsl at the bottom of the pit.

        The flow of groundwater manifests itself in the pit as passive outcrops and as a saturated zone on the
        slopes, hindering efficiency in the development of the mining plan, both in the safety aspect, associated
        with the geotechnical stability of the slopes, and in the operational aspect, hindering the process of
        blasting and loading of material in the fronts of advance of the pit.

        A diagram of the Escondida hydrogeological model can be seen in Figure 13-7.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-7:         Escondida Hydrogeological Model
        The water balance of the Escondida pit is composed of the following elements:

             •    Input flows:
                  o Anthropic refills: Corresponds to the infiltration by seepage from the pool 400x400 that reach
                      the pit, combined with the flow of groundwater generated by the residual recharge produced
                      from the original tailings deposit in the Hamburgo basin. The magnitude of these components
                      is estimated to reach the order of 25 L/s. Within this flow, the possible infiltration from other
                      mining infrastructure near the pit such as the Los Colorados plant is also considered.
                  o Precipitation: It is estimated that the recharge by precipitation is negligible, considering that
                      the estimated average annual precipitation and evaporation for the Hamburgo basin are 19.3
                      and 2,136 mm/year, respectively.
             •    Output flows:
                  o Evaporation: There are no measurements or land estimates of the magnitude of the passive
                     outcrops in the pit; however, this was estimated based on hydrological studies of the area that
                     the magnitude of evaporation losses could reach 10 L/s.
                  o Pumping wells: This component corresponds to the pumping flow extracted by the
                     depressurisation and drainage system which is of the order of 22 L/s.
                  o Horizontal drains: This component corresponds to the flow drained passively by the drains of
                     the depressurisation and drainage system, which is of the order of 15 L/s.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                         Page 154


                  o   Drainage tunnel: This component corresponds to the flow of groundwater captured by the
                      drainage tunnel, which is of the order of 5 L/s.
                  o   In this way and as reflected in Table 13-4, the variation of the storage is of the order of 30 L/s.

        Table 13-4:          Escondida System Water Balance

          Inflows (L/s)                                  Output flows (L/s)
                                         Evaporation passive outcrops                  10 ± 2
                                         Pumping wells                                 22 ± 4
          Anthropic refill     25 ± 4
                                         Horizontal drains                             15 ± 3
                                         Drainage tunnel                               5±1
          TOTAL                25 ± 4    TOTAL                                         52 ± 10
        Source: MEL (2022)


        The Escondida Norte pit is located on the northern limit of the Hamburgo Salar watershed, about 140 km
        southeast of Antofagasta, at an average elevation of 3,200 m amsl.

        At the district level, the Basin of the Salar de Hamburgo is composed of a series of sedimentary deposits
        of varied consolidation, mainly gravels and sands with different proportions of fines in their matrix, which
        are arranged by overlaying both porphyry rocks that make up the ore deposit, as well as ancient volcanic
        and sedimentary rocks that host the intrusions.

        The Hamburgo Salt Flat basin is characterised by a marginal desert climate of height, with sporadic rainfall
        of the order of 19.3 mm/year, and high evaporation rates of the order of 2,136 mm/year. It has no surface
        water courses, nor natural groundwater outcrops; only a few ravines on the western slope of the Domeyko
        Mountain Range have sparse vegetation.

        In its natural condition, that is, prior to any anthropic intervention in the basin, the direction of the
        underground flow occurred mainly in the direction of the West of the basin, following a hydraulic gradient
        of low magnitude finally discharging towards the end of the West limit. MEL's operations modified both the
        magnitude and direction of groundwater flow that occurred in natural condition (due to the excavation of
        the pits, as well as the generation of anthropic recharge from mining infrastructure built in the basin). Of
        these in the vicinity of the Escondida Norte pit, the sub terrestrial flow is radial towards the centre of it.

        The hydrogeological units are defined in the fractured rock mass, associated with the unconsolidated
        deposits that fill the Hamburgo basin and that are defined as gravels. The description of the
        hydrogeological units is included in the Table 13-5.

        A diagram of the Escondida Norte hydrogeological model can be seen in Figure 13-8.

        Table 13-5:          Hydrogeological Units of Escondida Norte

          Hydrogeological Unit      Description                                              Permeability K (m/s)   Porosity Sy (%)
          UH1                       Hamburgo sediments                                           6E-08 - 6E-05          0.1-12
          UH2                       Supergene and Leaching                                       4E-10 - 5E-06           0.05
          UH3                       Severely fractured primary (FF 17-40 1/m)                    8E-10 - 2E-06            1-5
          UH4                       Fractured primary (FF 5-17 1/m)                              3E-09 - 6E-07           0.05
          UH5A                      Poorly fractured primary (FF 0-2 1/m)                        1E-10 - 3E-08           0.01
          UH5B                      Poorly fractured primary (FF 2-5 1/m)                        1E-10 - 3E-09           0.01
          UH6                       Relevant Faults                                              6E-09 - 3E-06           0.01
          UH7                       Other faults                                                 6E-09 - 3E-06           0.01
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                          Page 155




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-8:         Escondida Norte Hydrogeological Model
        The water balance of the Escondida pit is composed of the following elements, as discussed below.

        Inflows
             • Groundwater flow from the Hamburgo Salt Flat basin: Corresponds to the flow of groundwater
                coming from the district environment of the Escondida Norte pit, mainly from the upper part of the
                basin (east and south of the pit) and from its middle zone, where the Escondida pit and the
                Hamburg well field are located. It is estimated that the underground flow from the west and north
                of the Escondida Norte pit would be lower, due to the effect of the Zaldivar pit and the low
                underground flow expected at the upper limit of the basin, respectively. The estimates that the
                magnitude of the groundwater flow from the Hamburgo basin could be in a range between 19 L/s,
                which would come mainly from the east and south of the Escondida Norte pit.
             •    Precipitation: It is estimated that the recharge by precipitation is negligible, considering that the
                  estimated average annual precipitation and evaporation for the Hamburgo basin are 19.3 and
                  2,136 mm/year, respectively.

        Output flows
               Evaporation: There are no measurements or ground estimates of the magnitude of passive
               outcrops in the pit, however, this was estimated to reach 8 L/s
             •    Pumping wells: This component corresponds to the pumping flow extracted by the pit drainage
                  system. The average monthly pumping flow rate is in the order of 20 L/s.
             •    Horizontal drains: This component corresponds to the flow generated by the horizontal drains.
                  The flow rate was found in the order of 5 L/s.

        In this way and as reflected in the table the variation of the storage is of the order of 14 L/s.

        Regarding the hydrogeology of the tailings dam, currently in operation, (Tailing Laguna Seca) it is located
        in the hydrological basin called Laguna Seca, approximately 15 km southwest of the Escondida pit. This
        basin is endorheic in nature without the presence of surface runoff, given the arid conditions of the area.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                         Page 156


        Table 13-6:          Escondida Norte System Water Balance

                  Inflows (l/s)                            Output flows (l/s)

                                          Evaporation passive outcrops                 8
          Lateral flow       19           Pumping wells                                20
                                          Horizontal drains                            5
          TOTAL              19           TOTAL                                        33
        Source: MEL (2022)

        From the hydrogeological point of view, although in the centre of the basin under the basin of the tailing,
        there are sediments with storage potential and flow of groundwater, the underground discharge of the
        basin, occurs to the west through fractured rock units, mainly by the sector where the Tailing wall is
        currently located (Figure 13-9).




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-9:         Laguna Seca Tailing Storage Facility Hydrogeological Model

        Mine Design Parameters
        Mine planning at MEL follows the typical standards for open pit mining. The processes include:

             •    Revision of dilution and recovery factors
             •    Development of a value for each of the blocks in the model
             •    Perform pit optimisation and select optimal pit shell to be used for the basis of the ultimate pit
                  design
             •    Ultimate pit design
             •    Develop pushback/phase designs
             •    Develop mine planning targets and constraints

        The ultimate pit shell selected from the pit optimisation process was used as a guide to develop a more
        detailed design. The resulting pit design was referred to as the operational pit. The operational pit was
        also limited by the following constraints:

             •    Mining restrictions, including legal and environmental impacts
             •    Overall slope angle
             •    Operational design characteristics, including ramp locations and grades, OSF locations, mining
                  width and height, and other practical mining considerations given the mine geometry.

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 157


        The mine design criteria are listed below:

               •      Surface mining approach
               •      Minimum operating width of 80 m
               •      Haul road design width of 40 m
               •      Bench height of 15 m
               •      Maximum road grade of 10%
               •      Bench face angle and catch berms vary based on geotechnical sector
               •      Typical blasting grid ranging from 7x7 until 11x14m
               •      Final wall Control Drill Pattern 2.0, 2.5 and 3.0 m depending on sector
               •      Blasthole diameter of 6.1/2, 9, 10 5/8 and 12 inches
               •      Rock density average of 2.5

        Dilution, Loss, and Mine Recovery
        A dilution of 0% was applied to the schedule and Mineral reserves estimate. It is the opinion of the QP for
        mineral reserves that with the current practices at MEL no ore loss or mining dilution is required as the
        resource model has been reconciled to actual mining production. This conclusion is based on the results
        of a reconciliation between the geological resource model and actual mine production. The results of the
        reconciliations are provided below in Figure 13-10 and Figure 13-11.

        Based on the previous analysis, there is a high effectiveness of the measured mineral resource in
        adhering to its current definitions used during the resource classification process. Figure 13-10 and Figure
        13-11 shows the historical adherences to tonnage, grade and copper productions which is the basis of
        assuming zero dilution.
          Deviation                                                                                    Deviation
            (%)              Anually Deviations, Escondida Sulphide                                      (%)                                          Quarterly deviations, Escondida Sulphide


             20%                                                                                             20%
             15%                                                                                             15%
             10%                                                                                             10%
              5%                                                                                              5%
              0%                                                                                              0%
             -5%                                                                                             -5%
            -10%                                                                                            -10%
            -15%                                                                                            -15%
            -20%                                                                                            -20%

                      FY12     FY13    FY14    FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18   FY19   FY20   FY21
                                                                                                                   FY12-Q1   FY12-Q3   FY13-Q1   FY13-Q3   FY14-Q1   FY14-Q3   FY15-Q1   FY15-Q3   FY16-Q1   FY16-Q3   FY17-Q1   FY17-Q3   FY18-Q1   FY18-Q3   FY19-Q1   FY19-Q3   FY20-Q1   FY20-Q3   FY21-Q1   FY21-Q3   FY22-01


                                      Tonnage                 Grade               Copper                                                                     Tonnage                                                   Grade                                                 Copper



        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-10:                         Escondida Sulphide Annual and Quarterly Deviations
         Deviation                                                                                     Deviation
           (%)        Annual Deviations, Escondida Norte Sulphide                                        (%)                   Quarterly Deviations, Escondida Norte Sulphide

             20%                                                                                            20%
             15%                                                                                            15%
             10%                                                                                            10%
              5%                                                                                             5%
              0%                                                                                             0%
             -5%                                                                                            -5%
            -10%                                                                                           -10%
            -15%                                                                                           -15%
            -20%                                                                                           -20%


                                                                                                                   FY12-Q1   FY12-Q3   FY13-Q1   FY13-Q3   FY14-Q1   FY14-Q3   FY15-Q1   FY15-Q3   FY16-Q1   FY16-Q3   FY17-Q1   FY17-Q3   FY18-Q1   FY18-Q3   FY19-Q1   FY19-Q3   FY20-Q1   FY20-Q3   FY21-Q1   FY21-Q3   FY22-Q1
                      FY12     FY13    FY14    FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18   FY19   FY20   FY21   FY22



                                      Tonnage                 Grade               Copper                                                                   Tonnage                                                     Grade                                                Copper


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-11:                         Escondida Norte Annual and Quarterly Deviations



                                                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                    Page 158


        Mining Pushbacks
        The operation mine plan consists of 22 pushbacks in the Escondida Pit (Figure 13-12) and nine (9)
        pushbacks in the Escondida Norte Pit (Figure 13-13).




        Source MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-12:       Escondida Pit Pushbacks




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                    June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                              Page 159




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-13:        Escondida Norte Pit Pushbacks

        Mining Strategy and Production Rates
        The SEC LOM mine plan results in a mill feed rate of about 149 Mtpa of Mill Feed until FY27 (when the
        SEC LOM plan has Los Colorado’s concentrator finishing) and approximately 91 Mtpa over the remainder
        of the LOM Schedule. An average feed rate of 74 Mtpa of Sulphide Bio Leach Ore and 20 Mtpa of Acid
        Leach Ore with the LOM mine plan averaging an annual total movement of 380 Mtpa. It should be noted
        that production rates presented in this section, as discussed in the Note Regarding Forward-Looking
        Statements (see page ii), have been prepared using commodity prices and costs which are different to
        those that have been employed in the preparation of BHP’s production guidance. Therefore, the


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                 June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                Page 160


        production rates presented herein may differ significantly from the assumptions utilized in determining
        BHP’s production guidance published in accordance with ASX Listing Rules.

        Other considerations to the mine planning process are:

             •     Maximum extraction rate for each pit as conditioned by mine fleet and performance
             •     Extraction rates are conditioned by operational restrictions of specific pushbacks
             •     Equipment availability for stockpile movement and re-handling
             •     Maximum capacity of the primary crushers for each individual process and pit
             •     The overall crusher-conveying system capacity
             •     The concentrator feed programme including throughput rates and operating hours
             •     Applicable blending restrictions for both leaching processes

13.4     Production Schedule
        The effective date of the mine plan for reserves estimation (the LOM Plan) is 1st July 2022 (start of FY23).
        A summary of the LOM Plan production is found in Figure 13-14, total movement and ore grade is shown
        in Figure 13-15.

        It should be noted that production schedule presented in this section, as discussed in the Note Regarding
        Forward-Looking Statements (see page ii), has been prepared using commodity prices and costs which
        are different to those that have been employed in the preparation of BHP’s production guidance.
        Therefore, the production schedule data included herein is based upon pricing and cost assumptions that
        differ significantly from the assumptions utilized in determining BHP’s production guidance published in
        accordance with ASX Listing Rules.

            Copper (ktpa)
           1,600
           1,400
           1,200
           1,000
            800
            600
            400
            200
              -

                   FY23   FY25   FY27   FY29   FY31   FY33   FY35   FY37   FY39   FY41   FY43   FY45   FY47   FY49   FY51   FY53   FY55   FY57   FY59   FY61   FY63   FY65   FY67

                                                      Concentrator Copper Payable                      Cathode Copper Payable

        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-14:            SEC Annual Production by Process (ktpa)




                                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                            Page 161



                 600                                                                                                        0.90%
                                                                                                                            0.80%
                 500
                                                                                                                            0.70%
                 400                                                                                                        0.60%
                                                                                                                            0.50%
            Mt   300                                                                                                                  Cu %
                                                                                                                            0.40%
                 200                                                                                                        0.30%
                                                                                                                            0.20%
                 100
                                                                                                                            0.10%
                   -                                                                                                        0.00%



                                                    Total Material Moved                  Average Grade

        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-15:        Total Material Movement (Mt) and Average Grade

13.5     Production Rates and Mine Life
        The Life of Mine (LoM) plan is optimised using a Net Present Value methodology described in detail in
        Chapter 19. The total movement is largely driven by ensuring the concentrators have consistent supply of
        ore, as well as, but to a lesser degree, ensuring a consistent supply of ore to the leaching processes.

        The average production of the LOM Plan for MEL is expected to be 610 Ktpa over the 44-year Reserve
        life. The concentrators are operational over the mine life, however the Oxide ore is expected to be
        exhausted in FY34 resulting in the closure of the Oxide leaching. The Sulphide leach pad is expected to
        be completed in FY52 when the leach pile reaches it design limits. The production schedule data included
        herein is based upon pricing and cost assumptions that differ significantly from the assumptions utilized in
        determining BHP’s production guidance (see Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements page ii).

13.6     Equipment and personnel
        All major equipment at MEL is owner operated. The primary loading units are electric shovels, with the
        primary haulage units consisting of CAT 797 / 793 trucks as well as Komatsu 930 and 960. Front end
        Loaders and small excavators also assist with loading. An overview of all equipment in FY23 can be seen
        in Table 13-7. Equipment replacement is assumed to be like for like once equipment reaches the end of its
        operational life.

        Table 13-7:          Mine equipment distribution FY23

          Equipment                      Fleet                     #       Equipment                      Fleet                   #
                                         Caterpillar 797          114                                     Electric               5
                                         Caterpillar 793           7       Drills                         Diesel                 9
          Trucks
                                         Komatsu 930               3                                      Pre-split              5
                                         Komatsu 960              43                                      Motorgrader            9
                                         P&H                       8                                      Watertruck             12
          Electric Shovel (73yd3)
                                         Bucyrus                   8       Ancillary                      Wheeldozer             16
          Hydraulic Shovel               Komatsu                   2                                      Bulldozer              16
          Front End Loader               Komatsu                   3                                      Cable Reeler           10
        Source: MEL (2022)

                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                               Page 162



13.7     Final Mine Outline
        Final pit outline of MEL’s open pits can be seen in Figure 13-16.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 13-16:        Final Pit outlines of the MEL mining operations




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 163



14       Processing and Recovery Methods
        The dominant type of copper mineral in both the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits consists of
        copper sulphides: these sulphides are secondary (or enriched) sulphides such as chalcocite and covellite,
        along with the primary (or hypogene) copper sulphide chalcopyrite. In addition, there are lesser oxide
        copper minerals which include a range of copper bearing species such as brochantite, chrysocolla and
        antlerite. These copper mineralised species present an overall zonation that is related to the genesis of
        the deposits, as described in Chapter 6.

        The copper oxides are generally soluble, or part soluble, in acidic solutions (sulphuric acid). In contrast,
        the copper sulphide species, particularly chalcopyrite, is refractory to acid solutions at ambient
        temperatures, with chalcocite being moderately soluble and covellite less soluble. This mixture of copper
        minerals, and distribution within the overall deposits, is typical of what are termed “Secondary Enriched
        Copper Porphyry”.

        Because of the fundamental metallurgical response of this range of minerals, combined with the spatial
        distribution of general, but not pure, zones of the various copper minerals, the characteristics of the
        mineral resources have made it possible to define three main primary product lines:

             •    Concentration of supergene and hypogene sulphides by grinding and conventional froth flotation
                  to produce a copper rich sulphide concentrate. Over time within the operation, sulphide
                  concentration has moved from secondary sulphides to hypogene sulphides.
             •    Acid leaching of crushed oxide minerals (“heap” leaching) to then produce copper cathodes by
                  solvent-extraction and electro-winning (SX-EW).
             •    A third process, which is also leaching but uncrushed material in “run of mine” (ROM) pads,
                  employs acid bioleaching of lower grade secondary sulphide material that is below sulphide
                  concentrator cut-off, which also produces copper cathodes SX-EW.

        MEL receives economic benefits from the gold and silver recovered in copper concentrate as by-products.
        When present, these by-product metals are not recovered in leaching process.

14.1     Process Plant
        The company's basic infrastructure comprises two open-pit mines, three concentrator plants (comprising
        milling, grinding, flotation and thickening), an acid heap leach pad facility (on/off heap leach - oxides), a
        ROM bioleach pad facility (permeant dump leach - sulphides) and a solvent-extraction and electro-winning
        plant producing copper cathodes from both leach facilities.

        Copper concentrate is transported through two pipelines to the filtration plant, located at the coast in
        Coloso port, where it is loaded for shipping to end customers. The copper cathodes are transported to the
        Antofagasta port of Mejillones from where they are shipped to customers (Figure 14-1). In terms of metal
        tonnes, the copper contained in concentrate represents approximately 70 % of sales while the copper
        cathodes production represents approximately 30% of sales. This ratio changes over the life of mine.

14.2     Plant Throughput and Design, Equipment Characteristics and Specifications

        Primary Crushing
        The main objective of the primary crushing stage is to generate particles of suitable size and shape to
        enables the material handling on conveyor belts that feed the stockpiles for the processes.

        In the case of high grade sulphides, mixed and oxides the blasted ore is transported by trucks to the
        primary crushers. Low grade sulphides, under the cut-off for concentrators, goes to Bioleaching process
        which receives only run-of-mine blasted ore. A general flowsheet for the primary crushers which feed


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 164


        concentrators is observed in Figure 14-2, the specifications for main conveyor belts and ancillary
        equipment are presented in Table 14-1 and Table 14-2.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 14-1:         Schematic of MEL Infrastructure




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 14-2:         Primary Crusher System for Concentrators

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                             Page 165


        Table 14-1:            Primary Crushers Specifications

                                                                                         Ore-
                                            Specification    Capacity        Power
           Equipment         Manufacturer                                                Type             Ore-Type / Possible Destination
                                              (inches)        (tph)           (HP)
                                                                                        Treated
                                                                                        High-
                             Allis
          Crusher 1                         54x74            4,500           1,000      Grade        Laguna Seca L1
                             Chalmers
                                                                                        Sulphides
                                                                                        High-
                                                                                                     Los Colorados, Laguna Seca L1,
          Crusher 2          Fuller         60x89            7,420           1,000      Grade
                                                                                                     Laguna Seca L2
                                                                                        Sulphides
                                                                                        High-
                                                                                                     Los Colorados, Laguna Seca L1,
          Crusher 3          Fuller         60x113           9,330           1,000      Grade
                                                                                                     Laguna Seca L2
                                                                                        Sulphides
          Crusher 4          Fuller         60x89            5,000           1,000      Oxides       Secondary Crushing at Acid Leaching
                                                                                        High-
          Crusher 5          Fuller         60x113           9,330           1,000      Grade        Los Colorados, Laguna Seca L1
                                                                                        Sulphides
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Table 14-2:            Conveyor Belts and Equipment Specifications at Primary Crushing System

                      Area                  Equipment                Width (mm)                  Length (m)             Capacity (tph)
                                              Crusher                                                                       4,500
                                              CT-Fino                    2,590                      58                      4,500
                 Crusher 1
                                            CT-Descarga                  2,438                      90                      4,500
                                              CT-003                     1,219                      170                     4,500
                                              Crusher                                                                       7,420
                                            CT-Descarga                  2,794                      210                     7,500
                                              FE-3305                    2,438                      50                      7,500
                 Crusher 2
                                              CT-234                     2,200                      632                     11,000
                                              FE-042                     2,800                      106                     11,000
                                              FE-043                     2,800                      121                     11,000
                                              Crusher                                                                       9,330
                                              CT-111                     3,150                      275                     11,000
                                              FE-005                     3,150                      44                      11,000
                 Crusher 3
                                              CT-231                     2,200                      556                     11,000
                                              CT-232                     2,200                      87                      11,000
                                              CT-233                     2,200                      107                     11,000
                                              Crusher                                                                       6,000
                 Crusher 4                    FE-005                     2,438                      45                      6,000
                                              CT-001                     1,828                      700                     6,000
                                              Crusher                                                                       9,330
                                               CT-1C                     3,150                       350                    10,000
                                              FE-002                     3,150                       44                     10,000
                                               CT-2C                     1,600                     12,550                   10,000
                 Crusher 5
                                              FE-003                     3,150                       44                     9,000
                                               CT-3C                     1,828                       145                    9,000
                                              FE-004                     3,150                       44                     10,000
                                               CT-4C                     1,828                       622                    10,000
                                              CT-102                     1,600                      7,600                   9,300
                 Overlands                    CT-103                     1,600                      7,500                   9,300
                                              CT-104                     1,600                      3,950                   9,300
                                              CT-236                     1,800                      7,075                   12,500
                                              CT-237                     1,800                      8,442                   12,500
               New Overlands
                                              CT-238                     1,800                      4,005                   12,500
                                              CT-239                     2,200                       581                    12,500
        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                             June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 166


        Concentration Process Description
        The main product of Minera Escondida Ltd. consists of copper contained in a concentrate of copper and
        iron sulphides. This is currently produced by three plants located at the mine site to include; 1), Los
        Colorados; 2), Laguna Seca Line 1; and 3), Laguna Seca Line 2, which collectively have a total nominal
        capacity of 413,700 tpd of ore Table 14-3.

        Table 14-3:          Installed Capacity for Concentrators

                                    Installed Capacity     Run Time        Nominal Capacity   Commissioning
            Concentrator Plant
                                            (tpd)            (%)                (tpd)            Year
                                          35,000                                                  1990
                                          45,600                                                  1993
          Los Colorados                   54,600              93.5                119,200         1994
                                         107,500                                                  1996
                                         127,500                                                  1998
                                         135,000                                                  2002
          Laguna Seca Line 1                                   95                 142,500
                                         150,000                                                  2012
          Laguna Seca Line 2             160,000               95                 152,000         2016
          TOTAL                                                                   413,700
        Source: MEL (2022)


        These run times are based on design criteria and were established by the process engineering
        considering vendor specifications. A general scheme for the concentration process is shown in
        Figure 14-3. It was designed to process only sulphide ores and consists of the following stages:

             •    Coarse ore Stockpile receiving crushed ore from primary crushers.
             •    Primary grinding is undertaken in SAG mills, operating in closed circuit with pebble crushing
                  systems.
             •    Secondary grinding is undertaken in ball mills, operating in closed circuit with hydrocyclones.
             •    Rougher flotation cells.
             •    Cleaner flotation cells, operating in closed circuit with a regrind circuit.
             •    Concentrate dewatering in conventional thickeners.
             •    Tailings dewatering in thickeners.

        The coarse ore is sent to primary grinding circuit which uses SAG mills. The SAG mill reduces the size of
        the ore from an average feed size of 10 cm to a product of about 5 cm in size. Next, the material is
        classified, and the coarse particle fraction is sent to the pebble crusher, while the fine material is sent to
        conventional ball milling process, which finally produces a fine product, below 150 microns, which is the
        target for particle size for flotation feed. These stages are necessary to ensure that the valuable sulphide
        minerals are liberated from the silicate gangue rock. The grinding processes are similar in the three plants.
        Only equipment dimensions are different.

        In the flotation stage, the different physicochemical properties between the valuable copper minerals and
        the gangue are used to produce the separation, incorporating a series of chemical reagents. When air is
        injected into the system, the copper sulphide particles adhere to the bubbles, producing a froth in the
        flotation separation process. The froth is copper concentrate. The particles that do not float are eliminated
        as tailings. These are silicates and other gangue minerals, which includes some iron sulphides.

        Primary, or rougher flotation, aims to maximize the recovery of valuable mineral species. Cleaning
        flotation stages have the purpose of eliminating impurities and improving the copper grade in the
        concentrate to achieve the final product grade. The scavenger cells reduce the losses in cleaner tailings.
        There are minor differences in the configuration of the flotation circuits at the three plants.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                            Page 167


        A simplified process flow diagram for the concentrators is included as Figure 14-3 and shows the major
        equipment. In addition, an equipment list for the plants is provided in Table 14-4.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 14-3:         Schematic of MEL Concentrator Process


        Table 14-4:          Main Equipment list for Concentrator Process

           Concentrator              Equipment               Manufacturer                            Description                   Quantity
                             Stockpile                                              420,000 t Capacity 60,000 t Live                  1
                             Pebble Crusher                  Symons                 7 ft. Cone Short Head 750 HP                      2
                                                                                    Single Pinion 24’ x 14’ (D x EGL)
                             SAG Mill                                                                                                 2
                                                                                    Westinghouse 6,300 HP Installed
                                                                                    Dual Pinion 36’ x 19’ (D x EGL) General
                             SAG Mill                                                                                                 1
                                                                                    Electric 19,440 HP Installed
                                                                                    Single Pinion 18’ x 24.5’ (D x EGL)
                             Ball Mill                                                                                                4
                                                                                    Westinghouse 5,500 HP Installed
                                                                                    Single Pinion 20’ x 35’ (D x EGL) General
                             Ball Mill                                                                                                2
                                                                                    Electric 9,000 HP Installed
                                                                                    Dual Pinion 26.4’ x 36’ (D x EGL) General
                             Ball Mill                                                                                                1
                                                                                    Electric 14,000 HP Installed
          Los Colorados
                             Rougher Flotation Cells         Outotec                100 m³ Capacity                                   80
                             Rougher Flotation Cells         Outotec                300 m³ Capacity                                   10
                             Scavenger Flotation Cells       Dorr-Oliver            44 m³ Capacity                                   130
                             Cleaner Columns                 Cominco                4 x 4 x 15 m                                      14
                                                                                    Single Pinion 14’ x 26.5’ (D x EGL) 2,750 HP
                             Regrinding Mill                                                                                          3
                                                                                    Installed
                             Concentrate Thickener           Dorr Oliver            52 m Diameter                                     2
                             Tailing Thickener               Dorr Oliver            125 m Diameter                                    4
                             Tailing Thickener               EIMCO                  125 m Diameter                                    1

          Laguna Seca        Stockpile                                              410,000 t Capacity 110,000 t Live
          Line 1             Pebble Crusher                  Nordberg               MP-1000 1,000 HP                                  2


                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                        Page 168



           Concentrator              Equipment               Manufacturer                          Description                 Quantity
                                                                                    Gearless 38’ x 20’ (D x EGL) 26,000 HP
                             SAG Mill                        Fuller                                                               1
                                                                                    Installed
                                                                                    Gearless 25’ x 40’ (D x EGL) 18,000 HP
                             Ball Mill                       Fuller                                                               3
                                                                                    Installed
                                                                                    Gearless 26’ x 41.5’ (D x EGL) 21,000 HP
                             Ball Mill                                                                                            1
                                                                                    Installed
                             Rougher Flotation Cells         Wemco                  160 m³ Capacity                               72
                             First Cleaner Flotation
                                                             Wemco                  160 m³ Capacity                               25
                             Cells
                             Cleaner – Scavenger
                                                             Wemco                  160 m³ Capacity                               20
                             Flotation Cells
                             Second Cleaner Flotation
                                                                                    Microcell 4.5 m Diameter                      10
                             Column Cells
                             Regrinding Mills                                       Tower Mills 1,500 HP                          5
                             Concentrate Thickeners          Delkor                 42.7 m Diameter                               2
                             Tailings Thickeners             EIMCO                  125 m Diameter                                3
                             Stockpile                                              297,000 t Capacity 146,000 t Live
                             Pebble Crusher                                         1,000 HP                                      2
                                                                                    Gearless 40’ x 26’ (D x L) 32,200 HP
                             SAG Mill                                                                                             1
                                                                                    Installed
                                                                                    Gearless 26’ x 42.5’ (D x L) 21,000 HP
                             Ball Mill                                                                                            4
                                                                                    Installed
                             Rougher Flotation Cells         Outotec                300 m³ Capacity                               49
          Laguna Seca
                             Scavenger Flotation Cells       Outotec                300 m³Capacity                                21
          Line 2
                             Rougher Column Flotation
                                                                                    Microcell 4.5 m Diameter                      7
                             Cells
                             Scavenger Column
                                                                                    Microcell 4.5 m Diameter                      5
                             Flotation Cells
                             Regrinding Mills                                       Tower Mills 3,000 HP                          3
                             Concentrate Thickeners          FLSmidth               42.7 m Diameter                               2
                             Tailings Thickeners             FLSmidth               125 m Diameter                                3
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Oxide Leach Process Description
        The oxide leach process has been designed to treat ore containing oxide minerals following the traditional
        flowsheet for heap leaching of copper ores. The battery limits of the process are the coarse ore stockpile
        and electro-winning with the metal production. The stages of the process are the following:

             •    Coarse ore reclaiming from stockpile receiving crushed ore from the mine.
             •    Secondary and tertiary crushing operating in closed circuit with screens.
             •    Agglomeration with sulphuric acid and water in tumbling drums.
             •    Stacking of the agglomerated ore in a dynamic heap.
             •    Irrigation using an acid solution operating in closed circuit with a solution treatment plant
                  denominated solvent extraction (SX).
             •    Transferring of the dissolved copper contained in the output solution to a cleaned solution using
                  selective solvents.
             •    Transformation of the dissolved copper in metal using electric energy through an electrolytic
                  process called electrowinning (EW).
             •    Spent ore disposal in waste dump called a ripios dump.

        The process starts with the coarse ore reclamation from the stockpile. The ore is then transported to the
        crushing plant where secondary crushers reduce the size of the ore from an average size of 100 mm to
        about 19 mm in diameter. The ore is transported to the tertiary crushing stage operating in closed circuit
        with screens. The final product from crushing must comply with the 80 % of the mass passing 19 mm.



                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 169


        Next the crushed ore is agglomerated using concentrated sulphuric acid and water to increase dissolution
        kinetics of the copper species and to generate stability before irrigation.

        The ore is stacked in the area in the form of a 6-metre-high heap and then a solution of sulphuric acid is
        used to irrigate the ore and dissolve the copper. The irrigation cycle is 150 days. The drainage solution
        containing the dissolved copper is treated in a solvent extraction plant (SX), where the objective is to
        remove impurities and produce a cleaned solution without other elements that can affect the following
        stages. Finally, the clean copper solution is pumped to a tank house where electrolyses is applied to
        transfer copper in solution to stainless steel plates, where the copper deposits in the form of metal. This is
        called electrowinning and the final product is copper cathodes.

        The leached ore (ripios) are reclaimed using a bucket wheel excavator that uses an overland and series of
        mobile conveyors to transport the ripios out of the leach pad. Subsequently, a shiftable conveyor with
        tripper discharges the ripios on the spreader, which will finally deposit the waste material onto the ripios
        dump.

        A simplified flow diagram for the process at oxide leach is included as Figure 14-4 and shows the existing
        major equipment. In addition, an equipment list is provided in Table 14-5.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 14-4:         Schematic of MEL Oxide Leach Process




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                              Page 170


        Table 14-5:          Main Equipment List for Oxide Process

              Area /
                                       Equipment                                     Description               Quantity
             Process
                             Stockpile                       162,000 t Capacity, 56,000 t Live                    1
                             Secondary Crusher               MP-1000, 1000 HP, Capacity 1,523 tph                 2
                             Secondary Screen                Nominal Capacity 880 tph, Vibratory Double Deck      2
          Crushing
                             Tertiary Crusher                MP-1000, 1000 HP, Capacity 551 tph                   3
                             Tertiary Screens                Nominal Capacity 609 tph, Vibratory Single Deck      4
                             Agglomeration Drum              Capacity 4,166 tph                                   2
                                                             Capacity 5,250 tph (wet), length 27m,
                             Conveyor Belt                                                                        1
                                                             width 60”, max. speed 3.9 m/s
                                                             Capacity 5,250 tph (wet), length 1,615m,
                             Overland Conveyor Belt                                                               1
                                                             width 60”, max. speed 4 m/s
                                                             Capacity 4,120 tph (wet), length 360m,
                             Conveyor Belt                                                                        1
                                                             width 60”, max. speed 4 m/s
                                                             Capacity 4,120 tph (wet), length 1,018m,
                             Overland Conveyor Belt                                                               1
                                                             width 60”, max. speed 4 m/s
                                                             Capacity 4,120 tph (wet), length 3,432m,
                             Overland Conveyor Belt                                                               1
          Stacking                                           width 60”, max. speed 4 m/s
                                                             Capacity 4,120 tph (wet), length 168m,
                             Conveyor Belt                                                                        1
                                                             width 60”, max. speed 4 m/s
                             Tripper                         length path 50 m, path speed 6 m/min                 1
                             Conveyor belt and stacking      Capacity 4,120 tph (wet), length 401m,
                                                                                                                  1
                             mobile bridge                   width 60”, max. speed 4 m/s
                             Tripper                         length path 50m, path speed 6 m/min                  1
                                                             Capacity 4,120 tph (wet), length 18m,
                             Stacking Belt                                                                        1
                                                             width 84”, max. speed 2.2 m/s
                                                             Capacity 5,027 tph (wet),
                             Bucket Wheel Excavator                                                               1
                                                             wheel diameter 12 m
                                                             Capacity 5,027 tph (wet), length 27m,
                             Discharge conveyor belt                                                              1
          Reclaiming                                         width 84”, max. speed 2.5 m/s
                             Hoppers                         Capacity 5,027 tph (wet)                             2
                             Conveyor belt and discharge     Capacity 5,027 tph (wet), length 416m,
                                                                                                                  1
                             mobile bridge                   width 84”, max. speed 5 m/s
        Source: MEL (2022)



        Bioleaching Process Description
        The bioleaching process started operations in 2006. It was designed as a low-cost method to process low
        grade sulphides. Since this material is mined to access ore for the sulphide concentrators this material
        would be sent to marginal stocks or to waste dump. The bioleaching process realizes value from this this
        material. In general, the stages at the process can be described as:

             •    Transport of the run of mine (ROM) ore from the existing pits or stockpiles to the leach pads
             •    Stacking of the ore in a permanent heap.
             •    Irrigation using an acid solution operating in closed circuit with a solution treatment plant
                  denominated SX.
             •    Transferring of the dissolved copper contained in the output solution to a cleaned solution using
                  selective solvents.
             •    Transformation of the dissolved copper in metal using electric energy through an electrolytic
                  process, EW.

        The process involves the extraction of copper from ROM material with copper content above 0.25%,
        through bioleaching of the sulphide ore. The ore is placed in a permanent (static) leach pad with seven
        lifts of 18 m each one and irrigated with acid solution for more than 350 days. An aeration system is
        necessary to promote bioleaching process.



                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                Page 171


        In general, it is the leaching of sulphide minerals that distinguishes bioleaching from conventional acid
        leaching wherein only oxidised minerals are leached. Bioleaching involves the use of microorganisms to
        catalyse the oxidation of iron sulphides to create ferric sulphate and sulphuric acid. Ferric sulphate, which
        is a powerful oxidising agent, then oxidizes the copper sulphide minerals and the copper contained is then
        leached by the sulphuric acid formed.

        The key factors for successful leaching in all the sulphide oxidation reactions are:

             •    The presence of ferric iron, supplied in part by the pyrite and chalcopyrite but much more
                  importantly regenerated from the ferrous iron by bacterial action.
             •    The presence of oxygen supplied by the forced aeration system.
             •    The presence of acid, supplied in part by oxidising pyrite but also from the irrigation liquors fed to
                  the dump.

        Without these three components, namely bacteria, oxygen and acid, the leaching process is not effective.

        Copper is then recovered from pregnant leach solutions via dedicated facilities for SX and EW. The
        sulphide leach maximum irrigation capacity is 16,500 cubic metres per hour (m³/h).

        A simplified flow diagram for the process at low grade sulphides leaching is presented as. Figure 14-5 the
        existing major equipment, in addition an equipment list is provided in Table 14-6.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 14-5:         Schematic of MEL Bioleach Process


        Table 14-6:          Main Equipment List for Bioleaching Process

             Area / Process               Equipment                                    Description                  Quantity
                                   Fans Aeration                   Pressure 15.5 KPa e.a., Flow 1,720.000 A m 3/h     50
                                   Raffinate Pumps                 Flow Rate 1,500 m3/h                                8
          Leaching
                                   PLS Pumps                       Flow Rate 1,500 m3/h                                7
                                   Heat Exchangers                 6,000 kW e.a., Flow Rate 300 m3/h                   2
                                   Organic Cyclone                 Flowrate 4.5 m3/h                                   1
          Solvent Extraction
                                   Recovered Organic Tank          Capacity 6 m3                                       1
                                   PLS                             Capacity 108,000 m3                                 1
          Ponds
                                   Raffinate                       Capacity 108,000 m3                                 1
        Source: MEL (2022)



14.3     Requirements for Energy, Water, Process Materials, and Personnel
        The following sections describe the requirements for energy, water, processing and personnel.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                   June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                 Page 172


        Energy
        MEL operations considers a stable power demand of 6,120 [MWh] until June 2028, after that the power
        demand will likely decrease by approximately 30% in response to the anticipated Los Colorados
        concentrator shutdown. In general terms, the main energy consumption is associated with the
        concentrator processes, followed by desalinated water pumping from the sea level to the mine site. The
        energy consumption distribution is presented in Figure 14-6.


                                                                            14%


                 Concentrators
                                                                13%
                                                                                             44%
                 Desalination Plants

                 Hydrometallurgical Plants

                 Others

                                                                          29%



        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 14-6:         Energy Consumption Distribution at MEL

        Water
        MEL operations has a total demand of water of over 4,500 litres/second. The water consumption in MEL
        site is driven by concentration process. The water supply for the processes is composed of two main
        sources; i), desalinated water which is pumped from the ocean to the mine site; and ii), recovered water
        from the dewatering processes at concentrators. The consumption distribution is show in Figure 14-7. In
        the next decade it is expected that water demand will decrease 30 % because of the closure of both oxide
        leaching operation and Los Colorados concentrator

                                                                             9%
                                                                     5%


                Concentrators
                Hydrometallurgical Plants
                Others




                                                                                       86%


        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 14-7:         Water Demand Distribution at MEL
        The desalinated water represents the 70 % of the whole water supply. No water sourced from pumping of
        underground water is used for either mining or processing.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                    June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                            Page 173


        Suppliers for Process
        The main materials used at the mine and the process are presented in Table 14-7. The critical supplies
        are managed by long term contracts to mitigate low stock risk.

        Table 14-7:           Main Materials used at the Mine and Process

                    Process                                                Main Supplies
          Mine                           Tires, Fuel
          Concentrators                  Grinding balls, mill liners, lime, chemical reagents, replacement parts.
          Hydrometallurgical Plants      Sulphuric Acid
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Personnel
        Over the next 25 years in the base plan at MEL, total personnel (MEL & Contractors) are projected remain
        stable at 2021 levels. The estimated personnel ranges between 12,000 and 14,000 people because of
        spot contracts for shut-down maintenance. The personnel employed directly by MEL consists of
        approximately 3,800 people.

14.4     Novel Processing Methods
        In the opinion of the Qualified Person the processing methods and practices are considered conventional
        for the industry standard. The process technology and equipment are widely proven in the industry to
        support long term mine plans for MEL and therefore limits the risk for reserves estimation.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                        Page 174



15       Infrastructure
        MEL has a company-owned infrastructure distributed over an extended area of the Antofagasta Region
        from port sites on the pacific coast to the mine site in the Andes. The infrastructure is required to support
        the magnitude of MEL’s operational activities: the extraction of waste and mineral from two mining open
        pits, the operation of three concentrator plants, two heap leaching processes with their cathode production
        plants, the operation of two seawater desalination plants and water pumping to mine site, a tailings
        deposit, along with support and service facilities. These are shown schematically in Figure 15-1.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-1:         Schematic of MEL Operations
        Table 15-1 describes the principal value chain at MEL which is comprised of three major subsystems to
        include mine site, transportation and port, with seven process steps.

        Table 15-1:          Overview of Major Subsystems at MEL

            Mine site:       Mineral
                 1           Mining, including drill and blast, and load and haul
                             Ore handling and transport to processing plants (including crushing and/or screening as
                 2
                             required) and metallurgical processing
                             Product: Concentrate                                       Product: Cathode
                             Concentrate stockpiled as slurry then pumped               Cathode packaged, stored, and loaded for rail
                 3
                             to port via pipeline                                       transport to port
            Transport        Product: Concentrate                                       Product: Cathode
                             Gravity driven transport of concentrate via
                 4                                                                      Cathode by train to port
                             pipeline to port
               Port          Product: Concentrate                                       Product: Cathode
                 5           Concentrate collected, filtered and dried at port          Unloaded and stored at port
                 6           Stockpiled at Coloso Port                                  Stockpiled at Angamos Port
                 7           Direct ship loading to dedicated bulk carriers;            Loaded to ship
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Maps presented in this chapter use UTM WGS84 unless otherwise stated.




                                                     Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 175



15.1     Description
        MEL began construction in 1988, with an initial investment of US$836 M for the construction of general
        facilities, plant, port, and pipelines, and started operations in 1990. In 1991, it had a plant capacity of
        35,000 tpd.

        Subsequently, in 1993, with an investment of US$76, Phase I began, with an expansion to 45,000 tpd.
        Then, with an investment of US$ 261 million, Phase II began in 1994; and over the next ten years, Phases
        III, III1/2 and IV were developed, reaching 230,000 tpd in 1993.

        MEL's operating process begins with the extraction of materials from the Escondida and Escondida Norte
        deposits using conventional open-pit mining techniques. Extraction includes waste materials and ores.

        After fracturing the rock with controlled blasting, the removed material is loaded by electromechanical
        shovels onto trucks and transported to processing plants in the case of high grade ore, to sulphide
        leaching heaps in the case of low grade sulphide ores, or to authorised dumps in the case of waste.

        The sulphide ores are processed in three concentrator plants: Los Colorados, located near the Escondida
        pit, Laguna Seca Lines N°1 and N°2, located some 17 km south of the Escondida pit. The valuable
        mineralisation is separated from the waste rock through the flotation concentration process, generating
        copper concentrate as the final product. The waste or residue from the concentration process is taken to
        the tailings deposit known as the Laguna Seca tailings dam.

        The copper concentrate is transported as a pulp with 65% solids through two 170 km long pipelines to the
        Coloso Port sector, located on the coast south of Antofagasta, where it is filtered until it reaches a humidity
        of around 9%, and then placed in stockpiles until it is shipped from the port on bulk carriers. Some minor
        amounts of concentrate is loaded onto trucks and transported by road to other ports or to national
        smelters.

        The oxidised ores are processed through a sequence of leaching, SX, and EW processes. The process
        begins with crushing and agglomeration of the ore, which is then deposited on large heaps where it is
        irrigated with sulphuric acid solutions to dissolve the copper present.

        In addition, low-grade sulphide ores are processed through a sequence of bioleaching, solvent extraction
        (SX), and EW processes. The process begins by transporting these materials directly from the mine and
        depositing them in giant heaps, where they are irrigated with sulphuric acid solutions and treated with
        bacteria at a certain temperature, which dissolve the copper contained in these minerals.

        The recovery of copper from the solutions emanating from the leaching heaps, both oxides and sulphides,
        is carried out by selective extraction using specific organic compounds (SX), obtaining a solution enriched
        in copper after a re-extraction process. Finally, by EW, the dissolved copper is deposited on stainless steel
        plates that constitute the copper cathodes. These cathodes reach an approximate weight of 78 kg with a
        purity of 99.999% and are transported by rail to the port of Antofagasta or Mejillones for subsequent
        shipment to the international market.

        The operational infrastructure also includes all the facilities associated with production support services
        and the supply of inputs, such as electrical energy transmission systems at different thickness levels,
        desalinated, drinking and recovered water supply systems, camps, warehouses and buildings,
        administrative offices, and access and internal roads among many other complementary facilities.

        The main existing infrastructures in the sectors where operations and support activities are carried out for
        MEL are:

             •    Escondida Pit
             •    Escondida Norte Pit
             •    Escondida Dumps

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 176


             •    Escondida Norte Dumps
             •    Crushers and Conveyors Belts
             •    Sulphide ore concentrator plants: Los Colorados and Laguna Seca Lines N°1 and N°2
             •    Copper Concentrate Transport Systems (Pipelines)
             •    Tailings transport systems (Relay pipelines)
             •    Copper Concentrate Filtration Plant (Punta Coloso)
             •    Copper concentrate shipping facilities (Coloso port)
             •    Reclaimed water transport and storage systems
             •    Tailings deposits: Hamburgo and Laguna Seca
             •    Oxidised ore leaching heaps
             •    Heap leaching of low-grade sulphide ores
             •    SX and EW plants
             •    Crushers and conveyor belts
             •    Supply and support facilities:
             •    Industrial water supply systems (desalinated water)
             •    Seawater desalination plants (Coloso sector)
             •    Drinking water treatment plants
             •    Wastewater treatment plants
             •    Electricity supply systems, consisting of substations, transmission lines, electrical rooms and
                  service roads.
             •    Waste storage facilities
             •    Waste transfer centres
             •    Fuel storage and distribution systems
             •    Explosive’s storage and preparation
             •    Work camps:
                     o Villa San Lorenzo
                     o Villa Cerros Alegres
                     o Camp 5,400
                     o Villa Monica Harvey
             •    Warehouses and workshops:
             •    Administrative offices
             •    Storage yards
             •    Access roads and internal connections

        The location of MEL's main existing facilities is presented in Figure 15-2.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 177




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-2:         MEL's Main Facilities

15.2     Rail and Roads

        Rail
        MEL is an important user of the existing railways in the Antofagasta Region for the transport of copper
        cathodes to the port of Antofagasta and Mejillones, as well as for the transport of sulphuric acid from ports
        to the mine site, where it is stored in tanks for later use. To transport cathodes and sulphuric acid, MEL
        has transport service contracts with the main railway companies that own the railways, such as Ferrocarril
        de Antofagasta a Bolivia (FCAB) or Empresa de Transportes Ferroviarios S.A. (Ferronor). Ferronor, in
        addition to owning the railway track and railway stations, among others, owns the section that goes from
        Augusta Victoria Station to Socompa, which crosses the Pinta Verde sector. Ferronor also owns the
        surface land along the railway track, whose width varies between 50 m for sectors of relatively flat relief,
        up to 100 m wide for those sectors with steep topography. These distances are measured from the axis of
        the railway track (Figure 15-3).

        MEL owns only a small railway line that connects the Cathodes Plant with the railway line that runs from
        Augusta Victoria to Socompa, and which connects with the railway line owned by Ferronor in the sector
        called Adolfo Zaldívar Station. This railway line has a length of 4.1 km and can be seen in Figure 15-3.

        It should be noted that the gauge of the railway tracks is 1.0 m and that, apart from the rail convoys that
        transport the cargoes of mining companies such as MEL, or CMZ, rail traffic in the region for other
        products has been quite scarce and sporadic for many years.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 178




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-3:         Regional Railway Scheme

        Roads
        MEL has an access road approximately 150 km long, which connects the mine with the main public roads
        in the Antofagasta Region. In the vicinity of Antofagasta city, in the sector known as La Negra, it joins with
        Route 5, which is one of the main longitudinal routes in the country, and with Route B-28, which connects
        with the city of Antofagasta (Figure 15-4).

        The access road is owned by MEL and its layout is within its mining easements. It connects the Coloso
        Port with the mine. MEL is fully responsible for its maintenance, applying high standards in terms of
        vehicular traffic, in accordance with the regulations in force in Chile to ensure the safe movement of
        people, vehicles and supplies. This road allows the movement of MEL personnel and collaborating
        companies, as well as the transport of various supplies, equipment and components required for the
        operation of the mines, plants, camps and other operating units. In the same way, this road is the main
        artery for the transport to their final disposal sites of all discarded materials, components to be repaired
        and other industrial waste that cannot remain in the operational areas.

        For access to the port and facilities of Coloso, the main connection route is Route B-1, also known as the
        coastal route, as it provides a link to all the coastal cities located to the north, such as Antofagasta,
        Mejillones, Tocopilla and Iquique.

        Another public road of alternative use to access the different MEL facilities is the international road Route
        B-55, which also connects with the Republic of Argentina, and whose roadway is not paved. The
        importance of this road is that part of its route divides the Escondida and Escondida Norte deposits, and
        for MEL's mining vehicles to cross it, special permits must be obtained and kept in force with the Roads
        Department for the crossing of this route by mining equipment with overweight and overwidth.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 179




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-4:        Regional Roads Schema
        Within the operational area, there are more than 275 km of internal roads, of which approximately 85 km
        are paved. These roads connect the various camps with the mining areas, processing plants and other
        industrial areas, such as the Laguna Seca dam, sulphide and oxide leaching heaps. This number of
        kilometres does not include the roads to the well fields of Salar de Punta Negra and Monturaqui, whose
        operation is currently halted, and their facilities are not in use.

        In general, the existing roads, both internal and access roads, have two lanes in both directions and have
        a 7-m wide roadway. In addition, the access road and paved roads have a 1-m wide berm. In terms of
        traffic safety measures, the current regulations of the Roads Directorate are fully complied with, which
        MEL has also complemented by implementing standards to reinforce traffic safety, which apply to both
        people and all types of vehicles travelling on these roads.

15.3     Port Facilities
        The concentrate is pumped from the concentrator tanks via 2 pipelines, 6 inches and 9 inches, each with
        valves stations down the way to Antofagasta (Figure 15-5).

        Both pipelines end in low density tanks that receive the concentrate and pump it into the thickening
        process to increase solids percentage and feed the filter plant (Figure 15-6).

        Six vertical cloth filters operate by mechanic method generating a water elimination process to be able to
        achieve 9% solids. Filters discharge in conveyor belts that go all the way up to the top of the stockpile
        where it is discharged into the loading area. Transporters conduct the dry concentrate into the port area
        from where the concentrate is deposited into the vessels holds.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 180




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-5:         Coloso Port




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-6:         Coloso Port Process Schematic

15.4     Tailings Disposal
        The Laguna Seca tailings deposit became operational in 2002. It is located in a small intermontane basin
        in the Domeyko mountain range, about 15 km southeast of the Escondida pit and 170 km southeast of the
        city of Antofagasta. This deposit stores tailings from the three concentrator plants currently in operation
        (Figure 15-7).


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 181




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-7:         Laguna Seca Tailing Storage Facility


        Tailings are conveyed through 48-inch high density polyethylene (HDPE) pipes (tailings pipelines) and
        then discharged to the 12-cell tailings impoundment with dividing dams. The northwest boundary of the
        Laguna Seca basin has a retaining wall that is built with borrow materials, has a 15-m berm, at present
        (2021) the wall is at an elevation of 2,955 m above sea level, and its growth maintains the 5 m of revanch
        and a compaction of 95% proctor. For the monitoring and control of water infiltration, there are three
        piezometers and a curtain of wells below the wall.

        The Laguna Seca deposit has an authorised tailings disposal capacity of approximately 4,500 Mt and
        involves reaching a maximum height of 3,010 m amsl, with a wall 107 m high and approximately 3 km
        long. According to current studies and the current permit, the deposit is expected to be completely filled by
        2058 and occupy an area of approximately 62 km2 by that year.

        The clear water recovery system is installed on a dam of compacted fill material, which is periodically
        relocated to a higher elevation as the deposit grows. The deposit wall is waterproofed with an HDPE geo-
        membrane on its slope to prevent water ingress from the basin. The wall includes a drainage system at its
        base to collect any water that eventually percolates through to keep the base of the slope dry to ensure its
        strength and stability.

        The drainage water is collected in a pool for recirculation to the deposit lagoon and then reused in the
        process.

        The general design characteristics of the Laguna Seca tailings impoundment are described in Table 15-2.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                         Page 182


        Table 15-2:            General Characteristics Laguna Seca Dam

                          Design Parameter                                        Status
          Tailings production (ktpd)                           450
          Height of wall crown                                 3.010
          Final altitude (m)                                   107
          Upstream slope (H:V)                                 2.0:1.0
          Downstream slope (H:V)                               2.7:1.0
          Waterproofing                                        With Geomembrane
          Minimum freeboard (m)                                5
          Crowning width (m)                                   15
          Final capacity (Mton)                                4.500
          Wall material                                        loan
          Final deposit area (km2)                             62
        Source: MEL (2022)


        The design of the Laguna Seca tailings dam is currently at its sixth increase in wall elevation (raise) and
        presents the main geometrical characteristics shown in Table 15-3.

        Table 15-3:            Design Features for the Sixth raise

                      Geometric Parameters                                     Dimensions
          Height 6° Camber                                     2,955 m amsl
          Wall Material                                        Loan
          Growth Method                                        Downstream
          Upstream slope                                       1.8:1.0 (H:V)
          Downstream slope                                     2.0:1.0 (H:V)
          Crowning width (m)                                   15 m
          Maximum Height of Main Wall                          51 m (to elevation 2,955 m amsl)
          Length Main Wall                                     2,180 m (to elevation 2,955 m amsl)
          Length Secondary Wall                                226 m (to elevation 2,955 m amsl)
          Minimal Operational freeboard of the Wall            >5m
        Source: MEL (2022)



15.5     Power, Water, and Pipelines

        Power (Electric Energy)
        The infrastructure of the electricity transmission systems is designed and built to support and carry out the
        adequate supply of this input at high, medium, and low voltage levels.

        The 220-kilovolt (kV) high voltage electricity supply infrastructure connects directly with the generating
        sources and is an integral part of the National Electricity System (SEN), forming part, in addition to the
        South-Cordillera system, of the North Zone SEN. In general, the generating sources or connection points
        to the SEN are located far from the consuming sources, such as crushers and conveyor belts,
        concentrator plants, cathode plants, tailings pipeline systems and reclaimed water pumping, facilities
        located in areas of the mine and the desalination plant and concentrate filter plant located at Coloso.

        To ensure that the transmission of electrical energy reaches the places where MEL carries out its
        operations, it currently has more than 1,000 km of electrical lines at high voltage levels of 220 kV, 215 km
        of electrical lines that transmit electrical energy at voltage levels of 69 kV and more than 600 km of
        electrical lines that allow distribution at voltage levels of less than 34.5 kV. This entire distribution system

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                           Page 183


        allows the continuous supply of this critical input for the operation of all its mining plants, desalinated water
        plants and all complementary plants and facilities to fully develop its activities. Table 15-4 and Table 15-5
        shows a summary of the high voltage power lines (HVL) at 220 kV and 69 kV, respectively, with their
        corresponding origin substations and arrival substations, as well as the length of these lines.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-8:         Electric Transmission Lines Schematic
        For connections to the electricity system at 220 kV voltages, there are transmission lines at 15 substations
        owned by the company and another four lines at three substations belonging to other companies. For
        transmission at 69 kV voltage levels, there are 25 substations with a main voltage of 69 kV and 69 kV
        panels at 4 substations with a main voltage of 220 kV.

        Electricity is distributed to the different plants and operational facilities at voltages of 34.5, 33.0, 23.0, 13.8,
        7.2, 6.9, and 4.16 kV from the distribution switchgear (Figure 15-8). As for the distribution of electricity for
        the extraction of materials from the Escondida and Escondida Norte pits, there are a total of 19 mobile
        substations and 16 distribution cells, and the transmission cables operate at voltages of 13.8 kV and 7.2
        kV.

        The high voltage electrical substation is considered to be a group of equipment that, as a whole, enables
        the connection of high voltage electrical lines that supply or collect energy from it and, in the event of a
        failure of one of the lines, allows it to be disconnected without interrupting the power supply. In MEL's
        electrical system, there are two types of substations:

             •    Open Yard, consisting of a large fenced yard inside which equipment is installed to interrupt the
                  electrical flow of each line, called high voltage switches, and all the equipment associated with the
                  operation of these (current transformers, voltage transformers, disconnectors, lightning arresters).
                  Each line arrives at the substation through one of the sets of equipment ("line panel"). The
                  substation is also composed of a series of structures that support the high-voltage conductors that

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                             Page 184


                   interconnect all the high-voltage lines coming into the substation and all the aforementioned
                   equipment. Most of the substations in MEL's electrical system correspond to this type of
                   technology.
               •   In GIS (Gas Insulat Substation), which is made up of compact equipment that includes similar
                   equipment to that described for the open yard substation, but which is confined in metal ducts
                   filled with a highly insulating gas. This makes it possible to configure a substation with the same
                   characteristics as the open-air substations, but with physical dimensions that are equivalent to
                   85% of those of the open-air substations. In the GIS, the equipment is housed inside a building
                   isolated from the environment, to which the high-voltage conductors of the respective power lines
                   reach. At MEL, there are currently 5 substations in GIS technology, which are: SE OGP1, SE Puri,
                   SE Farellón, SE Chimborazo and SE 360. This technology was also included in the extensions of
                   SE O'Higgins and SE Coloso.

        Table 15-4:           220-kV High Voltage Electrical Energy Transmission Systems with their Source
                              and Destination Substations

                                                                                                               Length
           No           SE Origin             SE Destination               Circuit         Level of Tension                      Status
                                                                                                                (km)
          1        SE Crucero               SE Laberinto               2     Double        220 kV             133           In Use
          2        SE Laberinto             SE Nueva Zaldívar          2     Double        220 kV             95            In Use
          3        SE Nueva Zaldívar        SE Escondida               2     Double        220 kV             14            In Use
          4        SE O'Higgins             SE Domeyko                 1     Double        220 kV             128           In Use
          5        SE Mejillones            SE O'Higgins               2     Double        220 kV             74            In Use
          6        SE Kapatur               SE O'Higgins               2     Double        220 kV             69            In Use
          7        SE O'Higgins             SE Coloso                  1     Simple        220 kV             33            Desarming
          8        SE O'Higgins             SE Coloso                  2     Double        220 kV             66            In Use
          9        SE Domeyko               SE OGP1                    1     Simple        220 kV             15            In Use
          10       SE Domeyko               SE Laguna Seca             1     Simple        220 kV             13            In Use
          11       SE Nueva Zaldívar        SE Sulfuros                1     Simple        220 kV             13            In Use
          12       SE Domeyko               SE Escondida               1     Simple        220 kV             7             In Use
          13       SE Nueva Zaldívar        SE OGP1                    2     Double        220 kV             28            In Use
          14       SE Domeyko               SE Sulfuros                1     Simple        220 kV             1             In Use
          15       SE Domeyko               SE Oxido                   1     Simple        220 kV             1             In Use
          16       SE Kelar                 SE Kapatur                 2     Double        220 kV             15            In Use
          17       SE Atacama               SE O'Higgins               2     Double        220 kV             148           In Use
          18       SE O'Higgins             SE Farellón                1     Simple        220 kV             41            In Use
          19       SE O'Higgins             SE Puri                    1     Simple        220 kV             93            In Use
          20       SE Puri                  SE Domeyko                 1     Simple        220 kV             42            In Use
          21       SE Chimborazo            SE Domeyko                 1     Simple        220 kV             17            In Use
          22       SE Farellón              SE Chimborazo              1     Simple        220 kV             77            In Use
          23       SE Domeyko               SE SVC Domeyko             1     Simple        220 kV             0, 07         In Use
        Source: MEL (2022)
        Note: The above stations allow connection to the National Electrical System for the supply of electrical energy for MEL's processes.


        MEL owns much of the power transmission system that supplies its operations. However, due to changes
        in national electricity regulations, several of the 220 kV high voltage lines became part of the national
        electricity transmission network, which is why MEL created a subsidiary company in the electricity sector
        called Kelti, so these assets became the property of Kelti, which currently operates these assets, leaving
        MEL in charge of the maintenance of the lines and other installations of these lines. In addition, the SE



                                                        Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                    Page 185


        Kapatur - SE O'Higgins power line was built and is operated and maintained by the company STN, a
        subsidiary of the company SAESA, under a Building, Owner, and Transfer (BOT) contract with MEL.

        Table 15-5:           69-kV High Voltage Electrical Power Transmission Systems with their Origin and
                              Destination Substations

                                                                                               Level of   Length
           No             Origin                 Destination                 Circuit                                  Status
                                                                                               Tension     (km)
          25       S/E Escondida            Camino SPN                   1      Simple      69 kV         19,19    De-energised
          26       S/E OGP1                 S/E Esc. Norte               2      Double      69 kV         18,59    In Use
          27       S/E OGP1                 Monturaqui                   2      Double      69 kV         18,59    De-energised
          28       S/E Escondida            S/E Neurara                  1      Simple      69 kV         18,04    De-energised
          29       S/E Neurara              S/E Monturaqui               1      Simple      69 kV         15,74    De-energised
          30       S/E Sulfuro              S/E Lixiviación              2      Double      69 kV         14,10    In Use
          31       S/E Laguna Seca          S/E Tranque                  1      Simple      69 kV         11,74    In Use
          32       S/E OGP1                 S/E 940                      2      Double      69 kV         6,79     In Use
          33       S/E 401                  S/E Hamburgo Sur             1      Simple      69 kV         6,77     In Use
          34       S/E 940                  S/E Laguna Seca              1      Simple      69 kV         5,91     In Use
          35       LAT OGP1                 S/E Hamburgo Sur             1      Simple      69 kV         5,89     In Use
                                            S/E OLAP 0752-
          36       S/E Sulfuros                                          1      Simple      69 kV         5,21     In Use
                                            ER-051
          37       S/E Escondida            S/E Esc. Norte               1      Simple      69 kV         4,20     In Use
          38       S/E 401                  S/E 402                      1      Simple      69 kV         3,69     In Use
          39       S/E 401                  S/E 940                      1      Simple      69 kV         1,70     In Use
          40       S/E 640                  S/E 401                      1      Simple      69 kV         0,77     In Use
          41       S/E Escondida            S/E 640                      1      Simple      69 kV         0,73     In Use
          42       S/E Lixiviación          S/E Booster Lix              2      Double      69 KV         2,43     In Use
        Note: The above stations allow for the distribution of electrical energy for MEL's processes.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        For the operation of the Electrical Power System there is a specialised Superintendence called Power
        Supply, which has a SCADA system that includes 35 substations and electrical rooms, which have their
        respective communication equipment, data concentrators and operating consoles. In addition, there are
        two groups of SCAD servers or Operation Centre, the main one being located near Pavilion 15 in the
        former Camp 3.5 and another backup centre located in Building H next to the Sulfur SE.

        Water
        Currently, most of the industrial water supply for operational needs comes from seawater, which is
        desalinated in specially designed and purpose-built plants located on the Antofagasta coastline, at a site
        known as Punta Coloso. There, there are two desalination plants, whose production is sent to the mine,
        approximately 170 km away and at a difference in elevation of 3,000 m. The water is carried by three
        pipelines, one of 24-inch diameter and two of 42-inch diameter. Figure 15-9 shows an overview of the
        water lines for MEL.

        Part of the water needs are covered by the water recovered from the tailings dam, which is sent by
        aqueducts to the concentrator plants to be used again in the ore beneficiation processes.

        A smaller amount of industrial water comes from pit drainage and from the area called Hamburgo, where
        MEL's first tailings dam was previously located. The use of these waters is covered by mining legislation
        (Article 110 of the Mining Code) and water legislation (Article 56 of the Water Code), which empowers the
        mining concession holder, by the sole authority of the law, to use these waters found in mining operations
        to the extent necessary to carry out the exploration, exploitation, and benefit of its minerals.


                                                         Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                               June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                    Page 186




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-9:         Water Lines Schematic
        Desalination Plants
        MEL has two seawater desalination plants which, as mentioned above, are located in the Punta Coloso
        sector. These plants are called Plant 0 and EWS Plant. Plant 0 came into operation in 2007 and the EWS
        Plant came into operation in 2017 and an extension of this came into operation in 2019.

        The Plant 0 and EWS Desalination Plants meet the water demand of the following areas:

             •    Rajo Escondida Norte mine area, from which feed is supplied to the crushers, projects, crusher
                  #5, drilling and exploration workings.
             •    Rajo Escondida Mine Area, from which feed is supplied to watering stations, crushers N°2 and
                  N°3, truck workshop and projects.
             •    TK-272 and TK-02 ponds at the Cathode Plant.
             •    Sealing water for areas 640 and Drawer DI-165.
             •    Pond TK-83 for feeding Line N°1 of Laguna Seca Concentrator Plant (L1).
             •    Pond TK-251 for feeding Line N°2 of Laguna Seca Concentrator Plant (L2)
             •    Laguna Seca Concentrator Plant north pool feed, from which line L1 of the same concentrator is
                  fed.
             •    Reverse Osmosis (RO) Plant Cerro Tecno Oxide
             •    Reverse Osmosis Plant (RO) 5300
             •    Reverse Osmosis Plant (RO) 7000




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 187


        Plant P0
        Plant P0 was designed and built for a production capacity of 500 L/s and a transport system that included
        a 24-inch aqueduct. Currently, due to the deterioration of this aqueduct, the product of this Plant is
        transported through the aqueducts of the EWS Plant.

        The main installations and equipment that make up the processes of Plant 0 are as follows:

             •    Seawater collection system, including pipeline and suction pumps.
             •    Filtration system using cartridge and bi-layer filters for the pre-treatment of seawater.
             •    Reverse osmosis plant for seawater desalination.
             •    Reagent addition plant for process conditioning.
             •    Desalinated water impulsion system to the mine, consisting of five (5) electrical ES, impulsion
                  pumps and 24-aqueduct.
             •    Water storage systems in its different stages and processes, consisting of ponds and pools.
             •    Brine water discharge system.

        EWS
        The EWS plant, comprising Desalination Plants 1, 2, and 3, which came into operation in 2017, was
        designed and built for a production capacity of 2,500 l/s and a transport system comprising two 42-inch
        aqueducts each. In turn, Desalination Plant 4 was designed and built for a production capacity of 833 l/s
        and transports its product through the same 42-inch aqueducts already mentioned.

        The main installations and equipment that make up the processes of the EWS Plant are as follows:

             •    Seawater collection system, with tunnels and suction pumps.
             •    Filtration system using cartridge and bi-layer filters for the pre-treatment of seawater.
             •    4 reverse osmosis plants for seawater desalination.
             •    Reagent addition plant for process conditioning.
             •    Desalinated water impulsion system to the mine, consisting of four (4) electrical SE, impulsion
                  pumps and two 42-inch aqueducts.
             •    Water storage systems in its different stages and processes, consisting of ponds and EWS
                  reservoir.
             •    Brine water discharge system.

        Seawater Collection System
        This system is composed of two tunnels of approximately 580 m long, with a nominal useful diameter of
        2,000 mm, designed to capture 8,000 L/s. The intake is located approximately 580 metres from the
        coastline, and consists of two seawater intake structures, at an estimated depth of 26 metres below sea
        level.

        The collected seawater is pumped to the pre-treatment stage by suction pumps located in a start-up pit on
        land.

        Wastewater Discharge System
        The salt water generated in the reverse osmosis process is discharged into the sea through a submarine
        outfall consisting of a submarine tunnel (the project considered building two tunnels), approximately 320 m
        long and 2,000 mm in nominal useful diameter, whose ends are composed of a system of diffusers
        consisting of two pipes of 1,600 mm in diameter and 77 m long, which will be distal to 20 m below sea
        level, on the seabed and outside the coastal protection zone (LPA). Each pipe has a system of 12
        diffusers located in the last 77 m, through which the final discharge of the saltwater rejection into the
        marine environment takes place. It should be noted that the outfall is designed to discharge a maximum
        flow of 8000 L/s, estimated at the time of the start-up of the desalination plant.

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 188


        Considering the aspects indicated in the previous paragraphs, it is possible to specify that all the land
        installations of the plant with its service, administrative and maintenance areas, ponds, machinery,
        equipment, and production systems were installed on the fields owned by MEL, according to the 1994
        inscription in the Real Estate Registry, as indicated in Chapter 3. The beach, seabed, and seabed fields
        were used, given in Maritime Concession and according to the Supreme Decrees, for the construction of
        an access pit to seawater intake and saltwater discharge tunnels.

        In conclusion, the submarine tunnel system consists of two underground intake tunnels of 2,000-mm
        nominal useful diameter, with an approximate length of 580 m and a buried discharge tunnel of 2,000-mm
        nominal useful diameter with an approximate length of 395 m, the last 77 m of which correspond to
        diffusers formed by two 1,600-mm diameter pipes on the surface of the sea.

15.6     Infrastructure Layout Map
        Figure 15-10 shows the high level infrastructure layout map of the MEL complex.




        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 15-10:        Infrastructure Layout Map




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                      June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                           Page 189



16       Market Studies
        The supply and demand for copper is affected by a wide range of factors including changes in the global
        copper consumption due to economic development.

        In CY2021, global copper cathode demand increased by +6% YoY due to rebounding economies and
        continued recovery in China. Prevailing geo-political uncertainty and Covid-19 lockdowns has moderated
        demand growth in CY2022. Growth is likely to remain muted over the medium term (CY2023-25) as the
        stimulus wears off and while the decarbonisation megatrend remains in the early stage. Over the long-
        term, copper still sees promising growth outlook, underpinned by development of emerging economies
        and growth in EVs and renewables.

        The CY2021 cathode balance ended with a deficit due to healthy end-use demand, and as global
        inventories fell significantly throughout the year as a result. A small deficit is expected for CY2022 before
        shifting to a surplus in the medium term following new mine ramp-up. Different from the previous surplus
        period (a demand down-cycle) during CY2015-16, copper consumption is likely to be more resilient
        supported by decarbonisation needs.

        The concentrates balance could turn in CY2022 as global smelting capacity additions have lagged mine
        supply growth over the past few years under low TCRC (Treatment Charge and Refining Charge)
        environment. New mining projects (Tenke Fungurume, Kamoa Phase 2 and Quebrada Blanca) have been
        sanctioned in response to the high prices and promising demand outlook and concentrate balance could
        shift into a surplus in CY2022-2024 after being deficit for several years.

        BHP Marketing AG (BMAG) sells 100% of MEL production on behalf of all shareholders under an Agency
        Agreement. Copper cathodes are directly sold to customers that primarily consist of semi-fabricators and
        trading firms; while copper concentrate is sold to smelters firms.

16.1     Copper

        Copper Long Term Price for Establishing the Economic Viability
        For the resource and reserve estimation processes in accordance with the SEC S-K 1300 Regulations, as
        well as for the economic analysis of the mine plan that supports the reserves, BHP uses a global and
        objective approach for all its assets for defining commodity prices as inputs to establish economic viability.

        This approach employs historical actual monthly prices for the past three financial years (July 2018 to
        June 2021). For the mineral resources estimate the third quartile average value is employed, whereas for
        the mineral reserves estimate and economic evaluation the median average value is employed.

        The source of the actual historical copper data is the official LME cash settlement price, expressed in US
        dollars per pound. Historic prices for the past five calendar years are shown below in Table 16-1.

        The Copper price used for resources and reserves estimation in this report are 3.04 US$/lb and 2.79
        US$/lb, respectively.

        Table 16-1:          Historic Copper Price

          Calendar Year                      2016             2017              2018         2019            2020           2021

          Price (US$/lb, nominal)            2.21             2.80              2.96         2.72            2.80           4.23

        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.


                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 190


        Over the past three Financial Years, we have seen market conditions range from:

             •    Macroeconomic softness in 2019, due to the US-China trade tensions and a cyclical slowdown in
                  autos and electronics
             •    The collapse of demand due to COVID lockdowns in early 2020, followed by a sharp rally on the
                  back of unprecedented levels of fiscal and monetary stimulus
             •    Subsequent supply shortages as global demand recovered in 2021, with copper hitting record
                  prices (on a nominal basis)

        Supply and Demand
        Regarding the supply and demand balance, the two following issues must be considered according to
        Wood Mackenzie “Copper 2021 update to 2040” (Q3 2021):

             •    Current supply tightness to give way to surplus in the near term, as mines under construction
                  come online.
             •    Longer term continued growth in demand and declines in supply from currently-operating mines
                  will require the development of new mines to make up the shortfall.

        Specifically for the supply, it is worth mentioning that many copper mines are subject to grade decline,
        which reduces the productivity of the operation over time. In addition, copper mines on average are
        shorter-lived than iron ore or coal mines, which means the industry requires a steady pipeline of new
        projects to maintain production levels and provide growth.

        From a demand perspective, it is worth mentioning that copper demand growth in the future is expected to
        be underpinned by development in emerging economies, as they electrify, industrialise, and urbanise. The
        global energy transition provides further upside, as copper is widely used in electric vehicles and
        renewables.

        The global supply-demand balance can be seen in Figure 16-1.




        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        (Source: Wood Mackenzie 2021, LME.)

         Figure 16-1:       Global supply-demand balance
        Looking longer term, copper demand is expected to continue to rise on the back of both the global energy
        transition as well as growth in emerging economies. Wood Mackenzie forecasts refined copper demand
        2030 to 2040 will grow at 1.6% p.a. While it is anticipated that demand growth will continue to decelerate



                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 191


        (by comparison the 2020s are expected to grow at around 2.3% p.a.), the QP[s] believes it is reasonable
        to assume that the trend will remain positive.

        New mine supply is expected to be required to not only meet this rising demand, but also to replace
        declining production as currently available ore grades are expected to decline and resources at other
        mines are to be depleted [over what period?]. Wood Mackenzie estimates that production from currently
        operating (or committed) mines will decline at a rate of over 700kt Cu year-to-year during the 2030s. The
        QP[s] believes it is reasonable to assume that this declining trend will continue in [subsequent decades].

        The QP[s] believes the combination of rising demand and declining supply means that, on average, prices
        will need to be sufficiently attractive to induce the construction of new mines and expansions.

        Regarding long term prices, the range of real copper prices moved higher in the mid-2000s, after a
        downward trend throughout the 1980s and 1990s. The real price of copper has averaged nearly US$3.5/lb
        in the past 15 years as shown in Figure 16-2.




        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        (Source; LME, BHP Analysis)

        Figure 16-2:         Historical LME copper price
        Current prices for copper (~US$4.30/lb) are believed to be reflective of a scarcity dynamic at this time and
        as such are not considered sustainable. They are expected to decline in coming years, which is consistent
        with the lower price level indicated by the three-year trailing price.

        However, it should be noted that the three-year trailing price also sits a little low in the range of prices
        seen since 2006, and so could be considered relatively conservative.

        Therefore, regarding the copper price, the QP is confident of the appropriateness of the value used for
        both the estimation and the economic valuation of the reserves, which is supported by Wood Mackenzie’s
        forecast, that expects the long-term price (2032 onwards) to be above 3.50 US$/lb (real$ 2022), which is
        higher than the price used in the current reserves estimation process (2.79 US$/lb).

        Copper concentrates produced at MEL contain gold and silver, which the asset receives by-product credits
        for. Gold and silver are expected to account for less than 10% of revenue for MEL over the life of the mine.
        The price assumptions are set out in this report outlined for clarity. For gold and silver, the three-year



                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 192


        trailing price is taken as the median monthly price for the past three Financial Years: US$1,536/troy oz
        and US$17.2/troy oz; respectively.

        Evaluation of Competitors
        Copper supply is quite fragmented by geographical region and number of operating mines. Based on the
        estimated 2030 C3 costs (Wood Mackenzie) MEL sits in the 3rd quartile.




        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        (Source: Wood Mackenzie, 2021 Q3 Dataset)

        Figure 16-3:         Copper Supply Curve 2030 C3 Costs
        The QP does not view competitors as a material risk to the mineral reserves estimate due to the expected
        long-term structural supply deficit.

16.2     Products and Markets
        By far, the two most-traded forms of copper are cathode (refined copper) and copper concentrates.
        Copper cathode is a 99.99% pure form of the metal and is the product that is traded (and deliverable) on
        the three major exchanges: LME, SHFE and COMEX. Copper Concentrates is the most-traded
        intermediate product that is fed into copper smelters for refining to cathode form. MEL primarily produces
        copper concentrate, which is complemented with the production of LME Grade A copper cathodes (refer to
        LME website for minimum requirements). These products are mainly sold to international markets.

        Cathode
        ‘Cathode’ refers to the copper deposited on the negative terminal of an electrorefining or electrowinning
        plant. They are around one metre square and weigh 50-80kg.

        Copper cathode is usually sold on a CIF or Delivered basis and priced with reference to LME (or SHFE or
        COMEX), with a Quotation Period (average month in which the copper price is based on for a particular
        shipment) of ‘M’ (Month of shipment) or ‘M+1’ (One month after shipment), with an additional physical

                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 193


        premium. This premium value typically ranges between 30 and 120 US$/tonne depending on regional
        specific cathode supply and demand, base price arbitrages (e.g. LME vs COMEX vs SHFE) and logistics
        costs. Generally, this premium represents less than one per cent of the total cathode price.

        A ‘Grade A’ cathode is largely fungible, with only small differences in premium between different brands.
        The main penalty adjustment is for cathode, which is not deliverable to an exchange, which attracts a
        discount to the price achieved by Grade A material. The size of this discount is still insignificant compared
        to the overall price.

        Concentrate
        The copper grade of ore in a mine is low, often <1% Cu. Therefore, the ore is concentrated via a process
        of milling and froth flotation, to a grade of 20-40%, which is more economic to transport.

        Copper Concentrates have greater variability in qualities, since they are more exposed to the geological
        variations of the mine’s ore body.

        Copper Concentrates are typically priced on the content of key metals (Copper, Gold, Silver), with
        discounts for recoverability. The copper content is priced on LME basis, with Quotation Period typically
        ranging from ‘M+1’ (One month after shipment) to ‘M+4’ (Four months after shipment).

        The copper payable is [typically?] determined by the lower between 96.7% of the copper content and the
        copper content less 1.0 unit. For example, if the copper assay is 27%, MEL will get paid for (27 - 1) = 26%
        but if assay is 35% it will get paid for 35 x 96.7% = 33.845%. For gold, the payable terms respond to the
        following content criteria: there is no payment for content below 1 g/dmt; 90% for 1 to 3 g/dmt; 94% for 3 to
        5 g/dmt; 95% for 5 to 7 g/dmt; 96% for 7 to 10 g/dmt; and 97% for above 10 g/dmt. In case of silver, a 90%
        payable factor applies when its content exceeds 30 g/dmt. These payable terms consider Wood
        Mackenzie as standard basis and Asia as primary market.

        The other main component of the copper concentrate pricing is the TCRC which compensates the
        smelter/refinery for the cost of converting the concentrate to refined copper. The value of the TCRC is
        roughly 2-3% of the value of the concentrate. According to Wood Mackenzie, the TCRCs are expected to
        reach a long-term forecast of US$90/t & 9.0c/lb (real$ 2022) by 2027, which would be equivalent to the
        average TCRC over the last 20 years.

        Copper concentrates attract penalties for high levels of Arsenic, Zinc, Lead, plus a list of lesser elements.
        A key rejection level for Arsenic (As) has historically been 0.5%, which is the import limit for China.
        However, in recent years, Chinese smelters have been granted permits to build blending facilities to
        enable them to blend high Arsenic concentrates with cleaner material, so long as the blended material is
        below 0.5% As. Typically, there is no penalties for MEL concentrate, as it is a ‘clean’ product that is low in
        impurities.

16.3     Contracts and Status
        Most production is negotiated for sale in advance with a minor proportion allocated to manage operational
        and market. The terms contained within these contracts are typical and consistent with standard industry
        practice for each product, considering the special characteristics of our products, low impurities in
        concentrates and LME Grade A quality cathodes requirements.

        In the case of concentrates, the contracts include industry benchmark terms for metal payables and
        TCRC. Depending on the specific contract, the terms for the sale are either referenced to benchmark-
        based TCRC or negotiated fixed terms. Treatment charges assumed for estimation of mineral reserves
        are based on forecasts published by third party data providers such as Wood Mackenzie or the CRU
        Group.


                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                    Page 194


        For cathodes, premium negotiations are conducted on a case-by-case basis, considering the chemical
        and physical characteristics of the product and the destination market or region. Annual contracts for sales
        of copper cathodes are completed between Sept and Nov for the calendar year ahead.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 195



17       Environmental Studies, Permitting, Plans and Agreements
        The management of the environmental aspects of MEL’s operations are managed under the company’s
        ISO14001 certified Environmental Management System (EMS). The EMS describes the organisational
        structure, responsibilities, practices, processes and resources for implementing and maintaining
        environmental objectives at all MEL sites. The EMS also outlines a commitment to setting objective and
        targets to achieve sustainable outcomes and to continually improve performance.

        Operational controls for environmental management are guided by BHP’s Charter Values. The Charter
        Values outline a commitment to develop, implement and maintain management systems for sustainable
        development that drive continual improvement and set and achieve targets that promote efficient use of
        resources. To give effect to the Charter Values, a series of Our Requirements (OR) documents have been
        developed, including Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change (OR E&CC). The OR E&CC
        applies to environment-related risks and potential impacts on the physical environment: air, water, land,
        biodiversity, communities, and their interrelationships.

17.1     Environmental Studies and Impact Assessments
        MEL supports its operation upon the Environmental Qualification Resolution (RCA) 398 of 2009, which
        approves the existence of two pits and three concentrator plants with a maximum material processing rate
        of 460 ktpd. For the tailings deposit, it considers the surfaces and locations previously approved in RCA
        001 of 1997. Additionally, it authorizes a height of 3,010 m amsl as the maximum growth for the Laguna
        Seca tailings deposit, with a storage capacity of 4,500 million tons. Its validity is approximately until the
        year 2050. It also considers the existence of the infrastructure of Puerto Coloso, in addition to a
        desalination plant of 525 l/s. In addition, RCA 205 of 2009 approves the operation of a second desalination
        plant, with a production of 3,200 l/s.

        The sulphide leach pad has environmental approval until 2046, while OLAP is authorised to operate until
        2051.

        Current permits that allow MEL operation have validity until FY50. Any project that modifies these
        conditions or/and the level of the environmental impacts currently approved could require an EIA.

17.2     Waste and Tailings Disposal

        Tailings Management
        The plan utilizes the Laguna Seca TSF over the life of the mine.

        The goal will be to achieve safety by design, accelerating the implementation of new technologies to
        reduce tailings management risks, also getting significant benefits on water recovery, reduction of waste
        volumes and impacted areas and physical stability improvements.

        Waste Management and Circular Economy
        In line with ICMM performance and the implementation of the REP Law in Chile, MEL’s focus is on
        delivering improved performance to prevent pollution, manage waste, and address potential impacts on
        human health and the environment. Growing health concern with potentially carcinogen releases and the
        emerging risk related to Per and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (PFAS) release in Australia, has resulted in a
        separation of hazardous and non-hazardous work streams, as different reduction pathways will apply.

        Key actions to implement a waste management system that includes a commitment to the waste hierarchy
        and is applicable to all waste types (hazardous, non-hazardous, and inert, excluding mine waste) are
        being developed. Diagnostic baseline assessments were developed during FY22 and gaps identified are



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 196


        expected to be closed during FY23, aiming for an appropriate understanding of the magnitude and types
        of waste to set reduction targets.

        Water Strategy
        The Strategy was developed based on the following strategic pillars to include; i), operational security; ii),
        cost competitiveness; iii), sustainability & social value; and iv), innovation and water efficiency. These
        pillars act as drivers to identify challenges, opportunities, and water-related risks, considering MEL
        business plans.

        MEL’s short and medium term strategy (to FY27) is focused on:

             •    Increasing Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) at the desalination plant at a competitive cost,
             •    Making efficient use of water through optimisation
             •    Following an appropriate closure process for SPN and MTQ aquifers offsetting the residual
                  impacts, studying and diagnosing the impacts in the catchment where MEL operates
             •    Developing and implementing the dewatering and depressurisation strategy through new and
                  innovative technologies handling geotechnical challenges
             •    Continuing to improve water management through controlling and monitoring water-related risks
             •    Enabling water stewardship action plans
             •    Defining new context-based water targets during FY22 that will apply for FY23 to FY30.

        The long term strategy (FY28 onward) is focused on: increasing the water supply allowance as a
        consequence of the innovative projects that increase the water recovery; ensuring supply to enable future
        growth options; minimising impacts in the catchment from a sustainability standpoint; and managing safety
        challenges through innovation and an effective, sustainable, and flexible implementation of dewatering
        and depressurisation.

        Land Management
        The Antofagasta region contains a large number of projects which require the occupation of vast surfaces.
        This is the reason why it is so important for MEL to keep an appropriate management and optimisation of
        the portfolio and its Land Titles and Rights. In 2022, as part of the improvement strategy in the land
        management process, Planning and Technical at MEL implemented the Landfolio platform which was
        designed to improve the safeguards of the mining concessions portfolio, water rights and superficial land
        rights.

        The strategy for the long term goes along with a territorial availability evaluation and the definition of a
        mine lease for MEL, circumscribing a strategic safeguard area that protects from the current and future
        occupation of the land, the commercial interest areas, the superficial infrastructure protection, and the
        patrimonial and environmental restricted areas. Also, the inclusion of certain territorial prospects without a
        mining direct interest is considered to be offered in the development of social value pathway.
        Regarding those projects that require the soil as construction material, an early characterisation is being
        developed with the required volumes and granulometry with focus on optimising the errands timings and
        contracts assignment. The current areas environmentally authorised for this are destined for the Laguna
        Seca Tailing Storage Facility.

        Biodiversity
        BHP has committed to deliver improved environmental performance in relation to biodiversity conservation
        through a series of actions. These include the implementation of the biodiversity framework in the
        operations, verifying MEL’s performance and measuring MEL’s contribution to conservation and adopting
        a sustainable use and restoration of the marine and terrestrial ecosystems according to the site’s
        operational footprint. In line with the biodiversity mitigation, hierarchy progressive rehabilitation has also
                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 197


        been identified as a deliverable. The key focus area for land theme over the life of the mine is to raise
        performance in relation to the management of cultural heritage. Improved processes and procedures are
        required to ensure MEL’s legal commitments and community obligations are met.

        As part of the work related to biodiversity & land management, during FY22 we have developed a new
        Material Risk, called Biodiversity loss, which aims to consider the risk of potentially affecting biodiversity
        due to MEL’s water extractions from Monturaqui well field, which ended operation in 2019. This is intended
        to allow as to have in place controls to prevent and mitigate those potential future effects

        Air Quality
        Air quality issues related to mining and other activities are increasingly becoming an important area of
        focus for MEL’s employees, communities, environmental authorities, and other external stakeholders. The
        current focus is on continued implementation of an interdisciplinary air quality strategy, which has been
        developed in conjunction with Minerals Americas. As part of that work, the Air Quality Table was
        implemented in FY21, where improvements and projects are expected to be identified, prioritised, and
        followed by the asset leaders, according to hygiene and environmental criteria and based on deeper
        understanding of the problem and its effects in diverse areas.

        A real time monitoring system is being implemented that is designed to provide information to associate
        sources of pollution with workers exposure, as well environmental conditions, which is expected to help to
        take relevant decisions in short- and long-term planning related to air quality issues, reducing impacts in
        MEL’s workforce health conditions.

17.3     Project Permitting
        Projects that MEL is expected to develop over the next five years are located inside the industrial area;
        most such projects are within the environmental scopes of other projects already authorised. As a result, a
        new EIA is not expected to be required in the short term. Nevertheless, the evolution of the following
        environmental context needs to be monitored:

             •    Base case permits compliance
             •    Laguna Seca Tailing Dam infiltration control measures effectiveness
             •    Laguna Seca Tailing Dam Particle mater dispersion behaviour
             •    Hydrogeological stronger characterisation in the infiltration risks zones
             •    Regulatory changes, or community context

        To enable a project, an evaluation and planning of permits is carried out, which must be in line with the
        date of execution of the project, and which is permanently re-evaluated through change management.

        Additionally, during the annual planning process, a detailed evaluation of permits is carried out, which
        allows validating the current strategy and identifying and resolving possible gaps.

        Finally, plausible alternatives to keep improving permits management would consider a Permit Committee
        to identify and track synergy among projects, improve the connection between projects responsible and
        permits management, generate an integrated strategy to approach the authorities and identify from
        different perspectives the possible deviations in terms of schedule and compliance.

17.4     Social Plans and Agreements
        MEL expects to deepen its Social Value Strategy to enable its operation and projects through the
        development of a sustainable relationship with the environment and meaningful engagement with its host
        communities, stakeholders and government.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                           Page 198


        Indigenous Partnerships
        Aligned with the Indigenous Peoples Policy, MEL closed an historical and unprecedented conciliation
        agreement between the State Defence Council, the Peine Atacamanian Indigenous Community, the
        Council of Atacamanian Peoples and MEL, which is expected to guide the implementation of
        compensation and repair actions for the Salar de Punta Negra through an Environmental Management
        Plan. Participatory decision-making mechanisms and instances of dissemination, environmental education
        and transparency were established. The technical measures for compensation, mitigation and restoration
        are aligned with the biodiversity reference framework and responsible water management, long-term
        policies of the company.

        Cultural Heritage
        A stronger Cultural Heritage management approach is expected to be developed, based on a set of
        approved recommendations by the BHP Board. The short-term goal is to articulate the enablement and
        deployment of structure, processes and systems to effectively manage the Cultural Heritage material risk
        at MEL during exploration, construction, operation and closure phases. Leveraging MEL’s global
        framework of cultural heritage as well as MEL’s Regional Indigenous People Plan, the medium term goal
        is to develop a bespoke framework for cultural heritage management that embeds the participatory
        engagement with indigenous people in Chile, reflecting their expectations and rights, the legal obligations
        and current commitments, as well as BHP’s principles regarding future societal expectations.

17.5     Closure Planning
        BHP’s closure objective is to deliver optimised closure outcomes for MEL’s sites. MEL achieves their
        objective by following the closure management process, which produces an optimised closure
        management plan.

        The LOM considered in this closure is until 2066 2. This LOM was determined based on the mining of
        mineral reserves estimated in 2014. However, the closure phase was considered from 2042 to 2066, as
        per how it was defined in the closure plan, approved by SERNAGEOMIN (Res. Ex. N°1149/2009). It is
        relevant to mention that MEL has a closure plan that currently is being assessed by SERNAGEOMIN
        since September 2020.

        Based on the physical and socioeconomic environment of the operation, MEL intends to mitigate
        environment post-closure impacts, through a compatible status with regional ethnographic, ecological, and
        environmental values returned to the environment. In addition, it is intended to preserve the local
        biodiversity and remedying the possible affected area until a status in which they are safe and stable 3.

        Specific objectives have been defined as per the closure vision stated prior that are being constantly
        reviewed based on the current state of the knowledge base for each closure domain. These objectives
        are:

              •    Post-closure site conditions generate minimal health, safety, and environmental risk
              •    Prioritize sustainable economic returns from decommissioning to offset the financial costs of
                   closure
              •    Execute closure in an orderly manner to achieve the established deadline criteria




         2 Mine closure regulation in Chile (Law N°20.551) determines a specific methodology to estimate the remaining mine for financial
         assurances purposes, and it does not define the date of definitive closure.
         3
           LoA22 Closure Management Plan Minera Escondida Ltda, BHP, 2021.

                                                         Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 199


             •      Avoid long-term liabilities for MEL, the government and the community
             •      Demonstrate MEL’s accountability
             •      Migrate socioeconomic impacts
             •      Provide sustainable land use that is consistent with the need of local authorities and communities
                    considering the characteristics of the resource and its environment
             •      Post-mine landform reconstruction (profiling) must be safe, stable and visually compatible with the
                    surrounding landscape
             •      Post mine ground profiling to allow water to run off freely and not be contaminated
             •      Surface materials, such as soils, do not represent a risk to human health or the environment
             •      No unacceptable impacts of closure on MEL’s business
             •      Maintain the employee’s well-being and quality of life after the end of production and mining
                    activities
             •      Maintain communication with the community and stakeholders throughout the closure
             •      Validate compliance with the objectives of the Closure Plan and the project success criteria

        MEL is pursuing, as part of the closure management strategy, progressive closures that have been
        identified and scheduled based on the mine plan.

        Major closure activities (e.g., closure of remaining pits and ramps and infrastructure) are currently
        scheduled to commence rehabilitation when areas become available at the end of the LoM in FY67.

        BHP closure management process considers two different kind of post-closure monitoring activities. The
        first one is based on what is mandated by Chilean closure law, which are related to physical and chemical
        stability of the facilities (reviewed by SERNAGEOMIN authority). The second ones are those activities
        related to aspects beyond or complementary to the ones committed to the regulator, aligned to BHP
        standards.

        Closure strategies are based on the current understanding of the site and legal requirements, and it is
        acknowledged that modifications are likely to occur as additional information is available. Information
        gathered during operations is used to regularly test the validity of closure assumptions and is expected to
        assist in refining closure options and defining completion criteria.

        The closure cost has been estimated based on the current closure provision. This estimate is considered
        as per a scope class 4 and the total closure cost estimated for MEL is US$ 2,653 M as presented in Table
        17-1.

        Table 17-1:          Cost Estimates - SEC SK 1300 Regulations

          Section                                               Cost (US$ M)
          Direct costs                                                1,604
          Indirect costs                                               284
          Others                                                        66
          Contingency                                                  464
          Risk events                                                  235
          Total Cost                                                  2,653
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        As shown, the total closure cost estimate includes direct and indirect costs, other closure related aspects
        (i.e., pre-closure studies, closure opportunity framing, studies and post-closure monitoring, studies, and

                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 200


        closure monitoring), and contingencies associated to the engineering level of the estimate (Class 4). The
        expected costs for the risk events identified for the closure phase of MEL are also included.

17.6     Local Procurement and Hiring

        Local Procurement
        MEL is committed to supporting the local economies and communities in which it operates. One way of
        achieving this is through local procurement practices where we have established internal goals and
        supporting practices and processes for local procurement. In particular, procurement with small local
        businesses is encouraged through the BHP Local Buying Programme, which facilitate more direct
        engagement between MEL’s operations and small local businesses through an online portal (Local Buying
        Programme | Building Our Future Together) In addition, in June 2021, BHP announced it was introducing
        7-day payment terms for all small, local and indigenously owned businesses where it operates globally.

        MEL’s plan is expected to expand the impact we have in the regional economy, the need of labour and
        suppliers for the asset in the long term as well as trained internal and external workers. Diversity,
        inclusion, and local content is planned to be incorporated in this strategy, while strengthening the local
        business ecosystem, local hiring, intensification of employability programme through the collaboration of
        Centro Entrenamiento Industrial y Minero (CEIM) and partnership with local Universities (HEUMA).

        Social Investment
        Social investment is referred to in the plans and negotiations included in the sections above. Social
        investment involves more than supporting local procurement. MEL’s voluntary contribution to invest at
        least 1% of pre-tax profits over a three-year rolling average into the community

        Reconversion and Developing MEL Capabilities
        Developing MEL´s workforce capabilities strategy over the next 25 years will bring challenges and
        opportunities between external recruitment and skills development for current employees in order to
        address skills projected needs in critical capabilities for existing roles, as well as for emerging roles
        through new capability architecture so that every individual has the opportunity to assess their capabilities
        against their current and future roles and develop more meaningful development and career plans that
        prepare them for the future. It is probable that future skill profiles, as digital skills, problem solving and
        analytics skills are more suited to new technologies and to a more automated environment, will need to be
        sourced from other industries or friendlier technology based generations. This will also place a challenge
        to on-board newer workforce with less, or no, traditional operational experience into BHP´s values and
        priorities.

        MEL’s expected plans will require the Antofagasta Region to develop new skills and capacities, capable of
        adapting and embracing the challenges of a mining industry based on technology, renewable energy,
        Artificial Intelligence (AI), and autonomy. MEL intends to leverage operational challenges to collaborate
        with local universities, particularly the HEUMA consortium, working on various lines of technical
        development and advanced research that include digital and data analytics, desalination, non-
        conventional tailings, and new extractive metallurgy. This is expected to help MEL ensure knowledge is
        within the organisation, integrate it into work processes, facilitate access to training, and create local
        capacities in Research and Development (R&D). Employability programmes through CEIM are intended
        to expand their coverage, adding OEMs and large contractors in their practical training process.
        Programmes to generate digital skills and promote STEM careers are also expected to be strengthened.
        The alliances with MEL’s critical educational institutions (CEIM, HEUMA, and partnership with Antofagasta
        and National Universities) are expected to help MEL drive and implement the following initiatives, as
        discussed in the coming subsections, supporting MEL’s agenda of social values.

                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                      Page 201


        Local Procurement Strategy
        The local procurement strategy attempts improve relationships and reputation with local stakeholders,
        building support for the growth of MEL’s local business into the site’s supply chain through the direct and
        indirect supply of goods and services:

             •    In direct spend the focus is expected to be balancing local spend priorities with the need to
                  constantly seek cost productivity; and improving the diversification of spend in appropriate
                  categories of spend that are valued by local stakeholders. The expected proportion of local spend
                  over total spend in contractors should reach 24% by FY25.
             •    For indirect spend, local contribution mechanisms are expected to be implemented in tenders,
                  leveraging in the supply chain to amplify MEL’s contribution in the space of local employment,
                  local subcontracting, and diversity. Expected proportion of local employment in project and
                  contractors should match the BHP internal target of 50% by FY25.

17.7     Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
        In the LOM plan MEL’s strategy is to enable operations and projects based on enhancing sustainable
        relations with the environment and to help to accelerate the decarbonisation of the global economy. A
        series of actions are planned to be developed to reduce emissions along with building climate resilience at
        MEL’s operations to face plausible climate change impacts from the decades to come and are essential to
        meet the expectations of MEL’s stakeholders.

        Every year during the business planning cycle the risks associated with MEL's growth projects are
        reviewed, in order to ensure that they are carried out as scheduled.

        Strategies mentioned in the chapter are based on Environmental Impact Assessment Service (SEIA), in
        compliance with Chilean legislation requirements, Sernageomin standards, and BHP's corporate
        guidelines with the required level of accuracy for each organization

        In the opinion of the qualified persons the plans, processes and strategies briefly described in this chapter
        are adequate in addressing any issues related to environmental compliance, permitting, social plans,
        closure planning, and local procurement.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 202



18       Capital and Operating Costs

18.1     Basis of Cost estimation
        For this report, capital and operating costs are estimated to a PFS-level with a targeted accuracy of +/-
        25% and contingency not exceeding 15%. However, this accuracy level is only applicable to the base case
        operating scenario and forward-looking assumptions outlined in this report. Therefore, changes in these
        forward-looking assumptions can result in capital and operating costs that deviate more than 25% from the
        costs forecast herein.

        Capital cost estimates are included in the LoM plan and are based on the estimates derived from the Pre-
        Feasibility level studies utilising experience from the construction of similar projects at MEL.

        Sustaining capital costs estimates are based on the major equipment rebuild, replacement schedule and
        other capital required to sustain the LoM production level.

        Closure costs have been included for the LoM schedules.

        Therefore in the QPs’ opinion, a timeframe of preceding three years sufficiently covers cycles of price
        variability and the selection of the median price from a data set of month averages over this period is a
        reasonable estimate of the long term cost for this purpose. Inflation could potentially change the cost
        structure and the QP has identify this as an uncertainty. Additionally changes in the exchange rate and
        future diesel and power costs can materially change the accuracy of the cost estimate.

        It should be noted that cost data presented in this section, as discussed in the Note Regarding Forward-
        Looking Statements (see page ii), has been prepared using costs which are different to those that have
        been employed in the preparation of BHP’s production guidance. Therefore cost data included herein may
        differ significantly from costs utilized in determining BHP’s production guidance published in accordance
        with ASX Listing Rules.

18.2     Capital and Operating Cost Estimates

        Capital Costs
        Capital costs at MEL are broken up into four main areas: Mine, Concentrators, Leaching and Non-Process
        Infrastructure (NPI). In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the estimation methodology and resulting
        estimates are a fair representation of the capital costs. Table 18-1 outlines the total capital spend that has
        been included in the life of mine plan.

        Figure 18-1 shows the timings of these costs over the life of the mine.

        Table 18-1:          Total Capital Cost by Area (Life of Mine)

          Area                                    Total estimated capital investment over life (US$ M Real)
          Mine                                                                     9,566
          Concentrators                                                            7,231
          Leaching                                                                 1,724
          NPI                                                                      2,042
          Total                                                                   20,563
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        MEL (2022)




                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 203


        The capital costs are forecast using three approaches. The historical average of the past three years
        capital costs to estimate general capital costs per year. An hourly approach for equipment replacements,
        allowing us to ensure these costs occur in the correct year based on the equipment life. Finally, specific
        projects are schedule based on the year they need to occur based on the schedule.

           (US$M)

           1,200


           1,000


            800


            600


            400


            200


               -




                                                           Mine    Concentrators   Leaching   NPI



        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 18-1:         Annual Capex Breakdown
        Mine
        Capital costs for the mine are divided into two main areas, Mobile Equipment and Pit infrastructure. Mobile
        Equipment includes capital costs associated with the purchase of replacement equipment to sustain
        operations as well as any capital associated with the operations and maintenance of the equipment.
        These costs are based on the required hours of the equipment and total hours. Pit infrastructure is related
        to any costs associated with advancement of pushbacks. These costs are forecast for specific years
        based on when we require each pushback.

        Concentrators
        Capital costs for the concentrators are divided into two main areas, Concentrator Plants and Tailings.
        Concentrator Plant costs include capital costs associated with the operation of the three concentrators and
        the infrastructure at Coloso. Tailings costs are associated with the operation of the Laguna Seca Tailing
        dam. The costs in this area use a mix of historical averages and schedule driven costs.

        Leaching
        Leaching costs cover both the Sulphide Bioleaching and the Acid Leaching as well as the Electrowinning
        infrastructure. The costs in this area use a mix of historical averages and schedule driven costs.

        NPI
        NPI Costs cover the capital for NPI at MEL. Examples of these include, but are not limited to, capex
        associated with desalination plants, and maintenance of the private road to the MEL minesite. The costs in
        this area use a mix of historical averages and schedule driven costs.

        Opex Costs
        The operational costs at MEL are split into the following areas:

                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 204


             •    Mining Costs
             •    Leaching Costs
             •    Concentrator Costs
             •    General and Administration (G&A)
             •    Closure and Rehabilitation

        The mining, leaching, concentrator and G&A costs have been estimated used the historical 3-year
        average costs. An assessment was undertaken to ensure no significant one-off variations were impacting
        these historical rates, and adjustments made if appropriate. The closure and rehabilitation costs have
        been based on the expected timing of the costs on a yearly basis.

        Table 18-2:          Major Components of Capital and Operating Costs (100% Basis)

            Cost Category Level 1                   Cost Category Level 2                            Cost Unit                    Value
          Mining Costs                     Fixed Mining Cost                              Real US$ /t material moved              0.87
                                           Haulage Cost                                                                         Variable
          Concentrator Costs               Processing Costs                               Real US$ /t ore processed               7.10
                                           Selling Costs                                  Real US$/t Cu produced                   359
          Leaching Costs                   Oxide Processing Costs                         Real US$/ton Leached Ore                7.98
                                           Sulphide Processing Costs                      Real US$/ton Leached Ore                1.31
                                           Selling Costs                                  Real US$/t Cu produced                   524
          Closure & Rehabilitation         Closure & Rehabilitation                       Real US$ M Total                        2,653
          Overheads + Other Costs          General and administration costs               Real US$/t Cu produced                   838
                                           (G&A)
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Mining Costs
        Mining costs relate to the cost of extracting material from the pit and delivering it to the final dentation
        onsite. The major components of mining costs are drilling, blasting, loading, and hauling. The historical 3-
        year average costs for these components were used as the basis. An assessment was undertaken to
        ensure no significant one-off variations were impacting these rates. Drilling, blasting, and loading a fixed
        rate was used, while for haulage a variable rate was used.

        Leaching Costs
        Leaching costs relate to the processing of ore sent to either the Oxide leaching or Sulphide Bioleaching
        processes. Leaching costs were estimated for both Oxide and Sulphide Bioleaching and includes
        processing of the ore, crushing costs (if applicable), solvent extraction (SX) and electrowinning (EW). The
        historical 3-year average costs for these components were used as the basis. An assessment was
        undertaken to ensure no significant one-off variations were impacting these rates.

        Concentrator Costs
        Concentrator costs relate to the processing of ore sent to one of the 3 concentrators at MEL. The costs
        are averaged over the 3 concentrators. They include the crusher costs, costs of running the plants- and
        the filter costs at the port, Treatment Charges (TC) and Refining Charges. The historical 3-year average
        costs for these components were used as the basis. An assessment was undertaken to ensure no
        significant one-off variations were impacting these rates.

        General and Administration

                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 205


        The General and Administration (G&A) costs relate to the general running of MEL and include items such
        as utilities, rent and salaries as well as others. The historical 3-year average costs for these components
        were used as the basis. An assessment was undertaken to ensure no significant one-off variations were
        impacting these rates.

        Closure and Rehabilitation
        Closure and Rehabilitation costs relate to any costs to do with the closure and rehabilitation at MEL.
        These costs are irregular and thus have been estimated based on when the costs are expected to be
        incurred in the mine plan (as opposed to the 3-year historical average costs). More detail on these can be
        found in Section 17.5.

        Figure 18-2 shows the estimated annual spending on Opex by area. Opex costs are expected to reduce in
        FY28 when the Los Colorados plant closes, we also see some of the associated closure are rehabilitation
        costs for this in the following years. Between FY28-41 Opex costs are expected to remain steady, and
        then reduce between FY42 and FY52 as the leaching processes finish. Between FY53 and the end of
        mine life we expect to see a steady decrease in Opex costs as the mine movement reduces as we
        approach the end of mine life.


           (US$ M)
           4,500
           4,000
           3,500
           3,000
           2,500
           2,000
           1,500
           1,000
             500
               -



                         Mining       Leaching        Concentrator           Overheads + Others     Closure & rehabilitation


        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 18-2:         Annual Opex Breakdown




                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                                                                        Page 206



19       Economic Analysis

19.1     Key assumptions, parameters and methods used
        The economic analysis presented in this section is based on annual cash flows including sales revenue,
        operating & closure costs, capital expenditure and taxes for the full mineral reserves production schedule,
        reflecting the MEL production system and supply chain to mine, process and transport of copper
        concentrate to the sales point.

        All results are presented in 57.5% BHP economic interest terms, unless otherwise stated.

        Mine Plan Physicals
        Total material movement and mineral reserves tonnages included in the economic analysis are shown in
        Table 19-1.

        Table 19-1:                Mineral Reserves Physicals (100% MEL Terms)

          Physical                                                                                          Tonnage

          Material Movement including waste                                                                 17,137Mt

          Mineral Reserve                                                                                    6,187Mt
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        The mine plan is based on a Mineral reserves estimate supported by mine design and schedule. The
        schedule (shown as Figure 19-1) has been prepared in accordance with the regulations SEC S-K 1300,
        and excludes the use of inferred mineral resources in pit optimisation and mine scheduling. All inferred
        material is treaded as waste.

           Copper (ktpa)
           1,600
           1,400
           1,200
           1,000
            800
            600
            400
            200
              -

                     FY23   FY25   FY27   FY29   FY31    FY33   FY35   FY37   FY39   FY41   FY43   FY45   FY47   FY49   FY51   FY53   FY55   FY57   FY59   FY61   FY63   FY65    FY67

                                                        Concentrator Copper Payable                       Cathode Copper Payable


        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 19-1:               SEC Production Schedule for MEL (100% MEL Terms)

                                                                        Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                                                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 207


        Prices and payable metals
        The median value of the calendar month average Copper product, Gold and Silver subproducts prices for
        the preceding three financial years (July 2018 to June 2021) has been provided by the registrant. The
        prices (rounded to the nearest whole number) are presented in Table 19-2, whilst only the long term
        copper price has been used for the estimation of mineral reserves, gold and silver are included since they
        do generate additional revenue from the copper driven mine plan. Average payable metals are shown in
        the Table 19-3

        Table 19-2:            Long Term Product and Subproduct Prices

                  Inputs                       Units                             Value
               Copper Price                   USD / lb                            2.79
                Gold Price                 USD / troy oz                         1,536
                Silver Price               USD / troy oz                          17.2
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Table 19-3:            Average Payable Metals

           Cu Concentrate*            Cu Cathodes                        Au                    Ag
                 96.2%                   100.0%                        90.0%                 90.0%
        Notes: 1) *Based on the SEC LOM Plan
        2) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)



        Foreign Exchange Rate
        Input operating and capital costs for MEL are Chilean Pesos (CLP). An average foreign exchange rate for
        the preceding three financial years (July 2018 to June 2021) of 730.5 CLP/USD has been provided by the
        registrant to convert and present cash flows in US dollars.

        Capital and Operating Costs
        Capital costs (refer Section 18.2.1) are included in the cash flow to sustain from mine to the port
        production capacity required for the mineral reserves mine plan schedule along with typical mine
        replacement of mining equipment, pit pushbacks, development clear, replacement of plant instrumentation
        and sustaining tailings storage facilities. There are no material individual development expenditures (e.g.,
        new mining hubs) expected to be required above the sustaining capital amounts to produce the mineral
        reserve.

        Operating costs (refer Section 18.2.2) included in the cash flow are representative of operating conditions
        at MEL over the previous three financial years (July 2018 to June 2021) and are applied to the full mineral
        reserves activity schedule from mines to sales point.

        Closure Costs
        Closure and rehabilitation costs throughout the production period and after end of mineral reserves mine
        life in 2067 have been included in the economic analysis (refer Section 17.5).

                                                         Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                        June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                          Page 208


        Taxes
        The following taxes are assumed to be paid in the financial year incurred in the annual cash flow analysis:

             •    Chilean corporate tax rate of 27% based on the current statutory rate of Chile.
             •    Variable Mining Tax gross rate from 5% to 14% depending on the operating margin. Mining tax is
                  deductible for corporate tax purposes.
             •    ~ 8% Withholding Tax rate on dividend remittance (35% Withholding Tax rate less the corporate
                  tax rate of 27%).
             •    Depreciation is estimated using the straight line method

        Valuation Assumptions
        Discounted annual cash flows are calculated using a 6.5% discount rate at a valuation date of 1 July 2022.
        The discount rate is provided by the registrant for utilisation in the economic analysis.

19.2     Results of Economic Analysis
        Results of the economic analysis based on the annual production schedule of MEL mineral reserves is
        summarised at Table 19-4. Total cash flow of US$18.7 billion, discounted to July 2022 at 6.5% results in a
        net present value (NPV) of US$10.5 billion.

        Table 19-4:          Financial Metrics Summary

          Mineral Reserve Cash Flow Summary                                         Value (US$B, real)
          Revenue                                                                         100.9
          Operating costs                                                                 57.3
          Capital expenditures                                                            11.8
          Closure & rehabilitation                                                         1.5
          Taxes                                                                           11.6
          After-tax cash flow                                                             18.7
          Net present value (6.5%, Jul-22)                                                10.5
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        The annual cash flow presented in Figure 19-2 includes all remaining closure and rehabilitation related
        annual cash flows summed after the final year of mineral reserves production, for clarity of presentation.




                                                       Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                            Page 209



         Annual after-tax cashflow
         US$ billion

          4.0

          3.0

          2.0

          1.0

           -

         -1.0

         -2.0




        Note: The sole purpose of the annual cash flow data presented above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral
        reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash
        flow data was prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical
        Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee
        future financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to “Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements” at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)

        Figure 19-2:          Annual Cash Flow
        As there is no initial capital investment to be recovered, the internal rate of return (IRR) and payback
        period are not applicable for this cash flow analysis or economic viability.

        It is the Qualified Person’s opinion that extraction of the mineral reserves is economically viable.

19.3     Sensitivity Analysis
        Economic sensitivity analysis results are presented at Table 19-5 based on variations in significant input
        parameters and assumptions.

        Table 19-5:           Results of Sensitivity Analysis

          NPV US$ billion                                   -25%            Reference        +25%

          Copper price                                        3.7                10.5         17.1
          Foreign exchange rate (CLP / USD)                   9.3                10.5         11.3
          Capex                                              11.4                10.5          9.7
          Opex                                               14.1                10.5          6.8
          Cu Grade                                            5.0                10.5         15.9
        Note: The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
        purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
        prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report
        Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
        financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
        Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
        Source: MEL (2022)


        In the opinion of the Qualified Person the NPV of MEL mineral reserves is robust to variation in significant
        input parameters.




                                                        Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                           June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 210



20       Adjacent Properties
        MEL is located adjacent to Compañía Minera Zaldivar (CMZ), owned by Antofagasta Minerals. MEL and
        CMZ are mining the same mineralization and currently MEL’s Escondida Norte pit and the CMZ main pit
        share a common pit wall (Figure 20-1).

        CMZ and MEL have historic agreements in place with regards to CMZ accessing areas that fall within the
        MEL property, as well as MEL gaining access to portions of the Escondida Norte pit that fall within the
        CMZ mine property.

        In Antofagasta Minerals most recent annual report (“Annual Report 2021”) state that the Zaldivar mine is
        expected to operate until 2036. They also note that 20% of the ore reserves at Zaldivar impact a portion of
        MEL’s mine property, as well as infrastructure owned by third parties (road, railway, powerline and
        pipelines).

        Maps presented in this chapter use UTM projection PSAD56.




        Note: Coloured areas show sections covered by the historic agreements between CMZ and MEL

        Figure 20-1:        CMZ Located Next to Escondida Norte Pit




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                        Page 211



21       Other Relevant Data and Information

21.1     Independent Audits
        An independent audit of the MEL Ore Reserves were carried out during May 2020 undertaken by Golder
        Associates S.A. for the Ore Reserves statement as at June 30, 2020.

        The main conclusions of Golders audit are presented below. Specific technical conclusions are presented
        throughout the report.

             •    The method used to define and estimate Ore Reserves is adequate.
             •    The modifying factors used to convert mineral resources to Ore Reserves were correctly applied.
             •    The economic analysis indicates a positive cash flow based on the production schedule adopted.
             •    The Ore Reserves were reproduced by Golder (tonnes and grades) according to the statement as
                  at June 30, 2020, provided by BHP.
             •    No fatal flaws were identified during the audit.
             •    No recommendations classified as Priority 1 or Priority 2 were identified during the audit.
             •    The Ore Reserves reported by BHP as at June 30, 2020, comply with BHP internal documents
                  Tenement Management and Mineral Reporting (BHP, 2016) and US SEC Mineral Reserves
                  Reporting (BHP, 2018).

        Annual internal Risk Reviews are conducted jointly by MEL and the BHP Resource Centre of Excellence
        to ensure significant and material risks to tenure, mineral resources and mineral reserves are adequately
        managed. The Risk Review process identifies key reporting changes regarding the annual declaration of
        mineral resources and mineral reserves and agreed actions requiring completion prior to BHP’s annual
        reporting. Issues and opportunities identified during the Risk Reviews inform the Annual Assurance Plan
        and scopes for potential Controls Effectiveness Collaborative Assessment reviews and identify good
        practice that can be shared across BHP.

        The risk review conducted in FY22 found no Significant Deficiencies.

21.2     Plan Compliance
        Mine Plan Compliance was estimated for FY22, comparing expit movement per phase to 2YBudget22
        Plan (F11), from July 2021 to April 2022 (March 2022 YTD F11).

        During the fiscal year the delay in the mine sequence is 7Mt (98% volumetric compliance), with delays in
        PL01, N017 and N011 being offset be advances in other pushbacks (Figure 21-1).

             •    PL01 - Delayed zones due to change in sequence compared to F11 & deviation at initial start
                  surface FY22. Actual extraction sequence focused on the north of pushback rather than south.
             •    N017 - Delay due to less expit movement at the beginning of FY22, 2 shovels operated vs 3
                  shovels planned. In the 2nd Half of FY22 with change in sequence between centre of pushback
                  rather than west of pushback.
             •    E007 - Is ahead of plan because F11 considered extraction of the pushback in June FY22
                  (detention from July to May). The advances are due to delays in the removal of the antenna (N11
                  pushback) at the beginning of FY22 and the detention of N568 pushback in September
             •    N011 - Delayed because the antenna was removed in July FY22 and until to February with less
                  movement than planned in F11




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                         Page 212




        Figure 21-1:        In Plan vs Delayed vs Unplanned


   Figure 21-2 shows volumetric YTD delayed and unplanned expit movement per pushback for FY22, referred
   2YBudget22.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022            June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                     Page 213




        Figure 21-2:        Volumetric delay-recover per pushback, from July to March FY22




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                       Page 214



22       Interpretation and Conclusions
        MEL has mineral resources and mineral reserves supported by drilling programmes, all within the
        boundaries of the MEL Special Mining lease and within 15 km radius of existing infrastructure. The
        vertically integrated nature of the mining and processing facilities located close to the ore body provides
        the flexibility to add and optimise growth tonnes to existing infrastructure

        Mineral resources confidence is reflected in the applied resource classifications in accordance with the
        SEC S-K 1300 Regulations with factors influencing mineral resources classification including but not
        limited to data density, data quality, geological continuity and/or complexity, estimation quality and
        weathering zones. Reconciliation data from operating mines supports the confidence of resource
        estimates.

22.1     Mineral Resources
        Geology and mineralisation are well understood through three decades of active mining, and MEL has
        used relevant available data sources to integrate into the modelling effort at the scale of a long term
        resource for public reporting. A 3D implicit geological model informed by drilling and pit mapping to
        constrain and control the shapes of lithology, alteration, and mineralisation of the deposit. Copper grades
        were interpolated into a block model using ordinary kriging methods. Results were validated visually, via
        various statistical comparisons, and against recent reconciliation data. The estimate was depleted for
        current production, categorised in a manner consistent with industry standards. Mineral resources have
        been reported using an optimised pit shape, based on economic and mining assumptions to support the
        reasonable potential for eventual economic extraction of the resource. A cut-off grade has been derived
        from these economic parameters, and the resource has been reported above this cut-off. The above
        process occurs annually in preparation for MEL’s annual business planning cycle.

        In QP’s is of the opinion, that the mineral resources stated herein are appropriate for public disclosure and
        meet the definitions of Indicated and Inferred resources established by the SEC S-K 1300 Regulations and
        industry standards.

22.2     Mineral Reserves
        Mineral reserves have been estimated in consideration of both internal and regulatory requirements.
        Economic assumptions that were applied are consistent with company protocols. An iterative and
        comprehensive planning process is in place whereby final pit phase designs are reviewed by the
        geotechnical department in order to endorse the final pushback designs.

        FY22 statement considered three concentrator plants operating until FY27, Los Colorados ceases
        operation at this year and then two concentrators are expected to remain until the end of this operation
        (Laguna Seca L1 and L2). In terms of the process of cathodes, Sulphide Leach operates until FY56 and
        OLAP until FY34.

        Uncertainties that affect the reliability or confidence in the mineral reserves estimate include but are not
        limited to:

             •    Future macro-economic environment, including product prices and foreign exchange rate;
             •    Changes to operating cost assumptions, including labour costs;
             •    Ability to extend the mine life after FY50 when we are required to renew our surface rights which
                  are expected to require a new Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA);
             •    Ability to maintain environmental and social license to operate;

        Confidence in the mineral reserves is reflected in the applied reserve classifications in accordance with the
        SEC S-K 1300 Regulations with factors influencing classification including but not limited to mining
        methods, processing methods, economic assessment and other life of asset and closure assessments.
                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                          June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 215


        Reconciliation data from the existing operation supports the confidence of reserve estimates. As with the
        generation of the Geological and mineral resources models, mine planning is undertaken on an annual
        basis to inform the MEL business planning process.

        In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the positive project NPV provides confidence in the mineral reserve
        estimates and the supporting mine plan, under the set of assumptions and parameters used in which they
        were developed.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                       June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                   Page 216



23       Recommendations

23.1     Recommended Work Programmes

        Geology and Mineral Resources
        Maintain, according to the MEL standard, target a minimum of 90% of measured resources for the first two
        years of production and a minimum of 80% of measured resources for the following three years. This is
        achieved through the yearly drilling of the deposits focussed upon reducing geological uncertainty in
        required areas. This data gathering activity both informs the long term planning process and also reduces
        risk to the medium term (5 year) operational window. This continuation of the annual activity is the
        fundamental recommendation for geology and mineral resources being the key risk management tool for
        geological uncertainty.

        Better understanding of the geological features will be needed for the deeper portions of the Escondida
        deposit but at this time this part of the mineralisation isn’t mined until after year 2045.

        Mineral Reserves
        Continue the process of annual updates of the mineral reserves in line with the annual planning
        processes. This may be required more frequently if new information becomes available that materially
        impacts one or more of the modifying factors. Continue with the periodical independent review of mineral
        reserves estimation methodology and implementation of any identified recommendations from the review
        outcomes.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                      June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 217



24       References
        Alpers, C.N., and Brimhall, GH., 1988, Middle Miocene climatic change in the Atacama Desert, northern
        Chile: Evidence from supergene mineralization at La Escondida: Geological Society of America Bulletin, v.
        100, pp. 1640–1656.

        Brimhall, G.H., Alpers, C.N., and Cunningham, A.B., 1985, Analysis of supergene ore forming processes
        and ground-water solute transport using mass balance principles: Economic Geology, v. 80, pp. 1227–
        1256.

        Hervé, M., Sillitoe, R. H., Wong, C., Fernández, P., Crignola, F., Ipinza, M., & Urzúa, F. 2012, Geologic
        overview of the Escondida porphyry copper district, northern Chile. Society of Economic Geologists
        Special Publication 16, pp. 55–78.

        Jara, C., Rabbia, O., and Valencia, V., 2009, Petrología y dataciones U-Pb del depósito tipo pórfido Cu
        Zaldívar, II Región de Antofagasta, Chile: Congreso Geológico Chileno, 12th, Santiago, 2009, Actas,
        Pendrive, 4 p.

        Maksaev, V., Marinovic, N., Smoje, I. and Mpodozis, C., 1991, Mapa Geológico de la Hoja Augusta
        Victoria. Servicio Nacional de Geología y Minería. Documento de trabajo 1. 1 mapa escala 1: 100.000.
        Santiago

        Marinovic, N., Smoje, I., Maksaev, V., Hervé, M., and Mpodozis, C., 1995, Hoja Aguas Blancas, Región de
        Antofagasta. Escala 1:250,000: Servicio Nacional de Geología y Minería, Carta Geológica de Chile 70,
        150 p.

        Maturana, M., and Saric, N., 1991, Geología y mineralización del yacimiento tipo pórfido cuprífero
        Zaldívar, en los Andes del norte de Chile: Revista Geológica de Chile, v. 18, pp. 109–120.

        Mpodozis, C., Marinovic, N., and Smoje, I., 1993a, Eocene left lateral strike slip faulting and clockwise
        block rotations in the Cordillera de Domeyko, west of the Salar de Atacama, northern Chile: International
        Symposium on Andean Geodynamics, 2nd, Oxford, U.K., 1993, Proceedings, pp. 225–228.

        Mpodozis, C., Marinovic, N. y Smoje, I., 1993, Estudio geológico-estructural de la Cordillera de Domeyko
        entre Sierra Limón Verde y Sierra Mariposas, Región de Antofagasta. Servicio Nacional de Geología y
        Minería, Chile, Informe Registrado IR-93-04, 282 p.

        Mpodozis, C. and Cornejo, P., 2012, Cenozoic Tectonics and Porphyry Copper Systems of the Chilean
        Andes. Society of Economic Geologists Special Publication 16, pp. 329–360.

        Monroy, C., 2000, Nuevos antecedentes geológicos del pórfido cuprífero Zaldívar, II Región, Chile:
        Congreso Geológico Chileno, 9th, Puerto Varas, 2000, Actas, v. 1, pp. 293–297.

        Morales, P., 2009, Geología y edad de la zone hipógena del yacimiento Zaldívar, II Región, Chile:
        Unpublished Memoria de Título, Antofagasta, Universidad Católica del Norte, 136 p.

        Navarro, M., Monroy, C., Rubio, M., Bustamante, V., Morales, P., Ramírez, C., Osorio, K., Machulás, K.,
        Maldonado, M., Vera, C., Solís, S., and Me rino, R., 2009, Actualización de la geología del yacimiento
        Zaldívar: Con greso Geológico Chileno, 12th, Santiago, 2009, Actas, Pendrive, 4 p.

        Ojeda, J.M., 1986, The Escondida porphyry copper deposit, II Region, Chile: Exploration drilling and
        current geological interpretation, in Mining Latin America: London, Institution of Mining and Metallurgy, pp.
        299–318.

        Ojeda, J.M., 1990, Geology of the Escondida porphyry copper deposit, II Region, Chile: Pacific Rim
        Congress 90, Gold Coast, Queensland, 1990, Proceed ings, v. 2, p. 473–483.



                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                     Page 218


        Padilla-Garza, R.A., Titley, S.R., and Pimentel, F., 2001, Geology of the Escondida porphyry copper
        deposit, Antofagasta Region, Chile: Economic Geology, v. 96, pp. 307–324.

        Padilla-Garza, R.A., Titley, S.R., and Eastoe, C.J., 2004, Hypogene evolution of the Escondida porphyry
        copper deposit, Chile: Society of Economic Geologists Special Publication 11, pp. 141–165.

        Preece, C.K., Williams, M.J., Gilligan, J.M., 2019, Development of partial extraction methods to estimate
        abundance of copper-iron sulphide minerals in the Escondida Norte porphyry copper deposit, Chile:
        Geochemistry: Exploration, Environment, Analysis, v. 18 pp. 13–30.

        Richards, J.P., Noble, S.R., and Pringle, M.S., 1999, A revised late Eocene age for porphyry Cu
        magmatism in the Escondida area, northern Chile: Economic Geology, v. 94, pp. 1231–1248.

        Richards, J.P., Boyce, A.J., and Pringle, M.S., 2001, Geologic evolution of the Escondida area, northern
        Chile: A model for spatial and temporal localization of porphyry copper mineralization: Economic Geology,
        v. 96, pp. 271–305

        Sillitoe, R.H., and Perelló, J., 2005: Andean copper province: Tectonomagmatic settings, deposit types,
        metallogeny, exploration, and discovery: Economic Geology 100th Anniversary Volume, pp. 845–890

        Superintendencia Geología 2021., Pórfido Intramineral, Nota Técnica Interna, Minera Escondida Limitada,
        8 p..

        Urzúa, F., 2009. Geology, geochronology, and structural evolution of La Escondida copper district,
        northern Chile. Ph.D. Thesis, University of Tasmania, Hobart, Australia. 486 p.

        Véliz, W., and Camacho, J., 2003, Antecedentes geológicos del yacimiento La Escondida: Congreso
        Geológico Chileno, 10th, Concepción, 2003, Actas, CD-ROM, 10 p.

        Véliz, W.O., 2004, Relación espacio-temporal del sistema pórfido cuprífero y epitermal en el yacimiento
        Escondida, Provincia de Antofagasta, Segunda Región, Chile: Unpublished Masters thesis, Antofagasta,
        Universidad Católica del Norte, 139 p.

        Williams, M.J., 2003, Geology and resources of the Escondida Norte deposit, Region II, Chile [abs.]:
        Congreso Geológico Chileno, 10th, Concepción, 2003, Actas, CD-ROM, 1 p.

        Wong, C., 2013, Evidencias de Deformación Terciaria en el Distrito Escondida, Nota Interna Gerencia de
        Exploraciones de Minera Escondida Limitada, 32 p.




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                         June 2022
SEC Technical Report Summary – Minera Escondida Limitada                                                                        Page 219



25       Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant
        The qualified persons have relied on information provided by BHP in preparing their findings and
        conclusions regarding certain aspects of modifying factors, which are listed in Table 25-1.

        Table 25-1:          Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant

          Category                  Report        Portion of Technical                 Disclose Why the Qualified Person Considers it
                                    Section/       Report Summary                         Reasonable to Rely upon the Registrant
                                    Portion
          Macro- economic        Section 19.1     Standard                       Matters related to discount rates and interest
          Assumptions                             discount rate and              rates are maintained by financial professionals
                                                  foreign exchange               within BHP and the accounting practices are
                                                  rate                           audited annually by external auditors.

          Governmental           Section 19.1     Royalty and                    These are external factors that BHP has to
          factors                                 taxation                       comply with and data is maintained by financial
                                                                                 professionals within BHP

        Source: MEL (2022)




                                                    Exhibit 96.1 - MEL_TRS_June 2022                                           June 2022
                                                                                                                             Exhibit 96.2




Title: Technical Report Summary - Western
Australia Iron Ore
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary
Stage of Property: Production
Property: Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)
Location: Western Australia, Australia
Report
For the Prepared forended: 30 June 2022
        Fiscal Year

BHP Group Limited
(ABN 49 004 028 077)
171 Collins Street, Melbourne
VICTORIA 3000 AUSTRALIA



Report Prepared by
    Name of         Specific Type of Activity undertaken on behalf      Section(s) of Technical Report Summary each             Signature        Date
 Qualified Person    of the registrant and Area of Accountability            Qualified Person is responsible for
 Fleur Muller       Mineral Resources – All WAIO                     Sections 6, 7 and 11 in full and Sections 1-5, 10,     /s/Fleur Muller   30/06/2022
                                                                     14, 17, 20-25 jointly with Mineral Reserve QPs
 Ashley Grant       Sampling and Analysis                            Sections 8 and 9                                       /s/Ashley Grant   30/06/2022

 Alex Greaves       Mineral Reserves – Newman JV                                                                            /s/Alex Greaves   30/06/2022
                                                                     Sections 12, 13, 15, 16, 18 and 19 in full and
 Anastasia          Mineral Reserves – Mount Goldsworthy JV          Sections 1-5, 10, 14, 17, 20-25 jointly with Mineral   /s/Anastasia      30/06/2022
 Balueva            Mining Area C                                    Resource QP                                            Balueva
 Chris Burke        Mineral Reserves – Jimblebar                                                                            /s/Chris Burke    30/06/2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                       Page ii


                                  Note regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Technical Report Summary (TRS) contains forward-looking statements, including: statements
regarding trends in commodity prices and currency exchange rates; demand for commodities;
resources, reserves and production forecasts; plans, strategies and objectives of management;
operations or facilities (including associated costs); anticipated production or construction
commencement dates; capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and supply of materials and
skilled employees; anticipated productive lives of projects, mines and facilities; provisions and
contingent liabilities; and tax and regulatory developments.
Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology including, but not limited to,
‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘see’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘objective’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘commit’,
‘may’, ‘should’, ‘need’, ‘must’, ‘will’, ‘would’, ‘continue’, ‘forecast’, ‘guidance’, ‘trend’ or similar words.
These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of assets or financial
conditions, or provide other forward-looking information.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and reflect judgments, assumptions,
estimates and other information available as at the date of this TRS. These statements do not
represent guarantees or predictions of future financial or operational performance and involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond BHP’s control and
which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained
in this TRS. Readers are cautioned against reliance on any forward-looking statements or guidance,
including in light of the current economic climate and the significant volatility, uncertainty and
disruption arising in connection with COVID-19. Other factors that may affect actual results are set
out in BHP’s reports that are filed with, and furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, including BHP’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the period ended June 30, 2022.
Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not undertake to publicly update
or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events.
The production schedule data included in Sections 13 and 19 of this TRS has been prepared to
demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves of WAIO only and may differ from
production guidance published by BHP from time to time in accordance with the relevant ASX Listing
Rules. See Sections 11, 12, 16, 17, 18 and 19 for more information on the pricing and cost
assumptions utilised to produce WAIO’s production schedule data in this TRS.
Specifically, the production schedule data for the entire life of mineral reserves included in Sections
13 and 19 of this TRS has been prepared utilising the median of historical monthly average
commodity prices and the average of annual costs for the preceding three financial years (1 July
2018 to 30 June 2021), whereas BHP’s forward production and cost guidance published in
accordance with the ASX Listing Rules are prepared utilising BHP’s internally generated projected
long-term commodity prices and cost assumptions. Therefore, the production schedule data included
in this TRS may differ from BHP’s production guidance published in accordance with the ASX Listing
Rules.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                            Page iii



Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary ................................................................................................... 18
    1.1 Property Description and Ownership ............................................................................... 18
    1.2 Geology and Mineralisation ............................................................................................. 19
    1.3 Status of Exploration, Development and Operations........................................................ 20
    1.4 Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve Estimates .......................................................... 21
           1.4.1 Mineral Resource Estimates ................................................................................. 21
           1.4.2 Mineral Reserve Estimates ................................................................................... 22
    1.5 Mining Method ................................................................................................................. 28
    1.6 Processing and Recovery Methods ................................................................................. 28
    1.7 Infrastructure ................................................................................................................... 29
    1.8 Market Studies ................................................................................................................ 29
    1.9 Capital and Operating Cost Estimates ............................................................................. 30
    1.10 Economic Analysis .......................................................................................................... 31
    1.11 Permitting Requirements ................................................................................................. 31
    1.12 Qualified Person’s conclusions and recommendations .................................................... 32
2 Introduction ................................................................................................................ 34
    2.1 Registrant for Whom the Technical Report Summary was Prepared ............................... 34
    2.2 Terms of Reference and Purpose of the Report .............................................................. 34
    2.3 Sources of Information .................................................................................................... 35
    2.4 Qualified Persons (QP’s) and Details of Personal Inspection........................................... 35
           2.4.1 Details of Qualified Persons .................................................................................. 35
           2.4.2 Details of Personal Inspections ............................................................................. 36
    2.5 Report Version and Updates ........................................................................................... 37
3 Property Description.................................................................................................. 38
    3.1 Location of the Property .................................................................................................. 38
    3.2 Area of the Property ........................................................................................................ 40
    3.3 Mineral Title, Claim, Mineral Right, Lease, or Option Disclosure...................................... 40
           3.3.1 Mineral titles held under State Agreement Acts ..................................................... 40
           3.3.2 Mineral titles with mineral rights held under the Mining Act 1978 .......................... 41
           3.3.3 Licences held under the Mining Act 1978 for infrastructure purposes .................... 43
           3.3.4 Maps showing Location of Various Mineral Titles .................................................. 43
    3.4 Description of Mineral Rights and How They Were Obtained .......................................... 45


                                       Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                            Page iv


           3.4.1 Mineral Rights for the leases held under the State Agreement Acts ...................... 45
           3.4.2 Mineral Rights for the leases / licences held under the Mining Act 1978 ............... 46
    3.5 Significant Encumbrances ............................................................................................... 47
    3.6 Other Significant Factors and Risks................................................................................. 47
    3.7 Royalty or Similar Interest held by Registrant .................................................................. 48
4 Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources, Infrastructure, and Physiography ....... 49
    4.1 Topography, Elevation, and Vegetation ........................................................................... 49
    4.2 Means of Access ............................................................................................................. 49
    4.3 Climate and Length of Operating Season ........................................................................ 49
    4.4 Availability of and Sources of Required Infrastructure...................................................... 50
           4.4.1 Sources of Water .................................................................................................. 50
           4.4.2 Sources of Electricity............................................................................................. 50
           4.4.3 Personnel.............................................................................................................. 50
           4.4.4 Supplies ................................................................................................................ 51
5 History......................................................................................................................... 52
    5.1 Previous Operations ........................................................................................................ 52
    5.2 Exploration and Development by Previous Owners or Operators .................................... 53
6 Geological Setting, Mineralisation, and Deposit ..................................................... 54
    6.1 Regional Geology ............................................................................................................ 54
    6.2 Local Geology and Mineral Deposits ............................................................................... 58
           6.2.1 Eastern Pilbara Region – Deposits in the Newman Area ....................................... 58
           6.2.2 Eastern Pilbara Region – Deposits in the Jimblebar Area ..................................... 63
           6.2.3 Central Pilbara Region – Mining Area C and South Flank ..................................... 66
           6.2.4 Yandi Region – Yandi, Marillana and Ministers North............................................ 71
           6.2.5 Western Pilbara Region – Rocklea........................................................................ 75
    6.3 Mineral Deposit Types and Mineralisation Styles ............................................................. 77
           6.3.1 Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) Deposit/Ore Types ............................. 77
           6.3.2 Channel Iron Deposit (CID) / Ore Type ................................................................. 78
           6.3.3 Detrital Iron Deposit (DID) / Ore Type ................................................................... 79
7 Exploration ................................................................................................................. 80
    7.1 Exploration Work Other Than Drilling .............................................................................. 80
           7.1.1 Geological Mapping .............................................................................................. 80
           7.1.2 Geophysical Surveys ............................................................................................ 81
    7.2 Exploration Drilling .......................................................................................................... 82

                                       Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                        Page v


           7.2.1 Type and Extent of Drilling .................................................................................... 82
           7.2.2 Drilling Procedures ................................................................................................ 84
           7.2.3 Downhole Geophysical and Televiewer Surveys ................................................... 87
           7.2.4 Drilling, Sampling or Recovery Factors ................................................................. 88
           7.2.5 Plan View showing Locations of All Drill Holes and Summary Results .................. 89
    7.3 Characterisation of Hydrogeology.................................................................................... 94
           7.3.1 Nature and Quality of Sampling Methods .............................................................. 94
           7.3.2 Type and Appropriateness of Laboratory Techniques ........................................... 94
           7.3.3 Results of Testing and Material Assumptions ........................................................ 95
           7.3.4 Groundwater Models and Characterisation of Aquifers ......................................... 95
    7.4 Geotechnical Data, Testing and Analysis ........................................................................ 95
           7.4.1 Nature and Quality of Sampling Methods .............................................................. 95
           7.4.2 Type and Appropriateness of Laboratory Techniques ........................................... 96
           7.4.3 Results of Laboratory Testing and Material Assumptions ...................................... 97
    7.5 Exploration Target ........................................................................................................... 97
8 Sample Preparation, Analysis, and Security ........................................................... 98
    8.1 Sample Collection and Preparation Methods – Field Procedure ...................................... 98
           8.1.1 Sample Collection Methods................................................................................... 98
           8.1.2 Sample Security and Chain of Custody ................................................................. 99
    8.2 Sample Preparation, Assaying and Analytical Procedures ............................................ 100
           8.2.1 Name and Location of Laboratory, Relationship and Certification ....................... 100
           8.2.2 Sample Preparation and Analysis Protocol at Laboratory .................................... 100
           8.2.3 Analytical Methods .............................................................................................. 102
    8.3 Quality Control Procedures/Quality Assurance .............................................................. 103
           8.3.1 Sample Collection Controls and Results ............................................................. 105
           8.3.2 Field Duplicate Checks and Results .................................................................... 106
           8.3.3 Sample Preparation Controls and Results........................................................... 106
           8.3.4 Sample Analysis Controls for Laboratory Accuracy ............................................. 108
           8.3.5 Verification of Sampling and Assaying – Downhole Assay Tool .......................... 109
    8.4 Downhole Geophysical Data - Quality Control Measures .............................................. 110
    8.5 Opinion on Adequacy .................................................................................................... 111
    8.6 Non-Conventional Industry Practice .............................................................................. 111
9 Data Verification ....................................................................................................... 112
    9.1 Data Verification Procedures ......................................................................................... 112

                                      Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                 30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                             Page vi


           9.1.1 Drill hole Data Management, Validation and Approval......................................... 112
           9.1.2 Internal and External Reviews on Drill hole Database ......................................... 113
           9.1.3 Downhole Geophysical Data Validation, Verification and Audits ......................... 114
           9.1.4 Verification for Data Quality Issues ..................................................................... 116
    9.2 Limitations on Verifications ............................................................................................ 118
    9.3 Opinion on Data Adequacy ............................................................................................ 118
10 Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing ...................................................... 119
    10.1 Geometallurgical Testing and Analytical Procedures ..................................................... 119
    10.2 Sample Representativeness .......................................................................................... 121
    10.3 Testing Laboratories ...................................................................................................... 123
    10.4 Relevant Results ........................................................................................................... 123
    10.5 Adequacy of Data and Non-Conventional Industry Practice........................................... 125
11 Mineral Resource Estimates ................................................................................... 126
    11.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods Used ........................................................ 126
           11.1.1 Geological Interpretation ..................................................................................... 126
           11.1.2 Geological Modelling ........................................................................................... 127
           11.1.3 Block Modelling ................................................................................................... 130
           11.1.4 Grade Interpolation ............................................................................................. 134
           11.1.5 Density ................................................................................................................ 135
           11.1.6 Geometallurgical Parameters .............................................................................. 135
           11.1.7 Validation Checks ............................................................................................... 135
           11.1.8 Resource Classification Criteria and Uncertainty in the Estimates....................... 139
    11.2 Estimates of Mineral Resources .................................................................................... 144
           11.2.1 Estimate of Cut-Off Grades ................................................................................. 144
           11.2.2 Metallurgical or Processing Recoveries............................................................... 147
           11.2.3 Reference Point for Mineral Resource Estimates ................................................ 147
           11.2.4 Multiple Commodity Mineral Resource ................................................................ 147
           11.2.5 Summary of Mineral Resource Estimates ........................................................... 147
    11.3 Opinion on Influences for Economic Extraction.............................................................. 149
12 Mineral Reserve Estimates...................................................................................... 150
    12.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods Used ........................................................ 151
           12.1.1 Conversion of Resource Models to Mining Models .............................................. 151
           12.1.2 Long-term Price Estimate .................................................................................... 151
           12.1.3 Cost Estimates / Assumptions ............................................................................. 153

                                       Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                    30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                        Page vii


           12.1.4 Pit Optimisation Details ....................................................................................... 153
           12.1.5 Phase (Pushback) Optimisation .......................................................................... 156
           12.1.6 Reserve Classification and Criteria ..................................................................... 157
    12.2 Estimates of Mineral Reserves ...................................................................................... 158
           12.2.1 Estimate of Cut-Off Grades ................................................................................. 158
           12.2.2 Metallurgical or Processing Recoveries............................................................... 159
           12.2.3 Reference Point for Mineral Reserve Estimates .................................................. 160
           12.2.4 Multiple Commodity Mineral Reserve .................................................................. 160
           12.2.5 Summary of Mineral Reserve Estimates ............................................................. 160
           12.2.6 Reconciliation / Relative Confidence of Mineral Reserve Estimates .................... 163
    12.3 Opinion on Risk Factors for Modifying Factors .............................................................. 165
13 Mining Methods ........................................................................................................ 166
    13.1 Mining Method and Reasons for its Selection ................................................................ 166
    13.2 Parameters Relevant to Mine Designs and Plans .......................................................... 167
           13.2.1 Geotechnical Models........................................................................................... 167
           13.2.2 Slope Design Process ......................................................................................... 167
           13.2.3 Design Acceptance Criteria ................................................................................. 168
           13.2.4 Hydrological Models ............................................................................................ 170
           13.2.5 Mine Design ........................................................................................................ 171
           13.2.6 Haul Road Design ............................................................................................... 172
           13.2.7 Overburden Storage Area Design ....................................................................... 174
           13.2.8 Reactive Waste Management ............................................................................. 176
           13.2.9 Final Pit Maps ..................................................................................................... 177
    13.3 Production Rates, Expected Mine Life ........................................................................... 180
           13.3.1 Production Rates and Expected Mine Life........................................................... 180
           13.3.2 Mining Unit Dimensions, Mining Dilution and Recovery Factors .......................... 180
           13.3.3 Production Schedule ........................................................................................... 181
    13.4 Requirements for Overburden Stripping ........................................................................ 182
    13.5 Mining Equipment Fleet and Machinery ......................................................................... 182
14 Processing and Recovery Methods ....................................................................... 183
    14.1 Flow Sheet of Current Process Plants ........................................................................... 183
           14.1.1 Flow Sheet for Plants involving Crushing and Screening only ............................. 183
           14.1.2 Flow Sheet for Whaleback Beneficiation Plant .................................................... 184
    14.2 Processing Hubs – Throughput and Design .................................................................. 185

                                      Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                 30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                           Page viii


           14.2.1 Newman Operations Processing Hub ................................................................. 187
           14.2.2 Yandi Processing Hub......................................................................................... 188
           14.2.3 Mining Area C – South Flank Processing Hub..................................................... 188
           14.2.4 Jimblebar Processing Hub .................................................................................. 189
    14.3 Requirements of Energy, Water etc ............................................................................... 189
           14.3.1 Energy ................................................................................................................ 189
           14.3.2 Water .................................................................................................................. 189
           14.3.3 Process Materials ............................................................................................... 190
           14.3.4 Personnel............................................................................................................ 190
    14.4 Novel Processing Methods ............................................................................................ 190
15 Infrastructure............................................................................................................ 191
    15.1 Roads, Rail and Port Facilities ....................................................................................... 191
    15.2 Dams 193
    15.3 Dumps and Leach Pads ................................................................................................ 193
    15.4 Tailings Disposal ........................................................................................................... 194
    15.5 Power, Water, and Pipelines ......................................................................................... 194
    15.6 Infrastructure Layout Maps for Mines ............................................................................ 195
16 Market Studies ......................................................................................................... 200
    16.1 Markets for the Property’s Production ............................................................................ 200
           16.1.1 Historical Pricing ................................................................................................. 200
           16.1.2 Demand Profile ................................................................................................... 201
           16.1.3 Supply Profile ...................................................................................................... 202
           16.1.4 Iron Ore Cost Curve ............................................................................................ 203
           16.1.5 Commodity Price Projections .............................................................................. 204
           16.1.6 Long-term Prices for Establishing the Economic Viability .................................... 206
    16.2 Contracts and Status ..................................................................................................... 207
17 Environmental Studies, Permitting and Plans ....................................................... 208
    17.1 Environmental Studies and Impact Assessments .......................................................... 208
           17.1.1 Environmental Impact Assessments (EIA) .......................................................... 209
    17.2 Waste and Tailings Disposal, Site Monitoring and Water Management ......................... 209
           17.2.1 Waste and Tailings Disposal ............................................................................... 209
           17.2.2 Acid and Metalliferous Drainage ......................................................................... 210
           17.2.3 Tailings Management .......................................................................................... 210
           17.2.4 Site Monitoring .................................................................................................... 210

                                       Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                    30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                           Page ix


           17.2.5 Water Management............................................................................................. 211
           17.2.6 Land Management .............................................................................................. 212
    17.3 Project Permitting Requirements ................................................................................... 212
           17.3.1 Environmental Operating Licences...................................................................... 212
           17.3.2 Strategic Environmental Assessments ................................................................ 212
           17.3.3 Environmental Management Plans...................................................................... 213
           17.3.4 Mining Proposals ................................................................................................ 213
           17.3.5 Ministerial Statements ......................................................................................... 213
           17.3.6 Water Licences ................................................................................................... 214
           17.3.7 Native Vegetation Clearing Permits and Programme of Works ........................... 214
           17.3.8 Referrals under EPBC Act................................................................................... 214
           17.3.9 Works Approvals ................................................................................................. 215
           17.3.10 Status of Current Applications ........................................................................ 215
           17.3.11 Performance or Reclamation Bonds ............................................................... 215
    17.4 Social Plans and Agreements with Local Groups .......................................................... 215
           17.4.1 Native Title Processes ........................................................................................ 216
           17.4.2 Indigenous Land Use Agreements ...................................................................... 217
           17.4.3 Cultural Heritage Management ........................................................................... 217
           17.4.4 Cultural Heritage Management Plans for Exclusion Zones .................................. 219
           17.4.5 Compulsory Training of Personnel Employed...................................................... 220
    17.5 Mine Closure Plans and Associated Costs .................................................................... 220
           17.5.1 Mine Closure Plans ............................................................................................. 220
           17.5.2 Stakeholders ....................................................................................................... 223
           17.5.3 Closure Cost Estimation ...................................................................................... 223
           17.5.4 Ongoing studies and forward works .................................................................... 225
           17.5.5 Summary and Conclusions ................................................................................. 225
    17.6 QP Opinion on the Adequacy of the Current Plans ........................................................ 226
    17.7 Local procurement and hiring ........................................................................................ 226
           17.7.1 Local and Indigenous Procurement ..................................................................... 226
           17.7.2 Local and Indigenous Hiring ................................................................................ 226
18 Capital and Operating Costs ................................................................................... 227
    18.1 Capital Costs ................................................................................................................. 227
    18.2 Operating Costs ............................................................................................................ 228
           18.2.1 Mining Costs ....................................................................................................... 229

                                       Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                  30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                              Page x


            18.2.2 Processing Costs ................................................................................................ 229
            18.2.3 Logistics .............................................................................................................. 230
            18.2.4 Overheads .......................................................................................................... 230
     18.3 Basis and Accuracy Level of Cost Estimates ................................................................. 230
19 Economic Analysis .................................................................................................. 232
     19.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods Used ........................................................ 232
            19.1.1 Mine Physicals .................................................................................................... 232
            19.1.2 Iron Ore Price...................................................................................................... 233
            19.1.3 Foreign Exchange Rate ...................................................................................... 233
            19.1.4 Capital and Operating Costs ............................................................................... 234
            19.1.5 Closure Costs ..................................................................................................... 234
            19.1.6 Royalties and Taxes............................................................................................ 234
            19.1.7 Valuation Assumptions........................................................................................ 234
     19.2 Results of Economic Analysis ........................................................................................ 235
     19.3 Sensitivity Analysis ........................................................................................................ 236
20 Adjacent Properties ................................................................................................. 238
21 Other Relevant Data and Information ..................................................................... 239
22 Interpretation and Conclusions .............................................................................. 240
     22.1 Mineral Resources ........................................................................................................ 240
     22.2 Mineral Reserves .......................................................................................................... 241
23 Recommendations ................................................................................................... 242
     23.1 Recommended Work Programs .................................................................................... 242
24 References................................................................................................................ 244
25 Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant ............................................ 246




List of Tables
Table 1-1: List of WAIO Joint Ventures, Mining and Processing Hubs ........................................... 19
Table 1-2: Summary of Mineral Resources at the end of the Fiscal Year 2022.............................. 24
Table 1-3: Summary of Mineral Reserves at the end of the Fiscal Year 2022................................ 26
Table 2-1: List of WAIO JVs, Mining and Processing Hubs ........................................................... 34
Table 2-2: List of Qualified Persons............................................................................................... 36
Table 2-3: Details of Sections each Qualified Person is Responsible for ....................................... 36

                                        Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                    30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                   Page xi


Table 3-1: Details of leases held under State Agreement Acts ...................................................... 41
Table 3-2: List of leases/licences with mineral rights held under the Mining Act 1978 ................... 42
Table 5-1: Production history of WAIO for the last 10 years .......................................................... 52
Table 7-1: Summary of Metres Drilled by Main Drill Types ............................................................ 83
Table 8-1: Routine XRF assay reporting requirements for XRF Fused Disc Method.................... 103
Table 8-2: QAQC Controls for Sample Preparation at the Laboratory ......................................... 103
Table 8-3: WAIO Controls for RC and Diamond Drilling Samples ................................................ 104
Table 8-4: Summary of field duplicate results .............................................................................. 106
Table 8-5: Summary of Duplicate Results after Crushing and after Milling .................................. 107
Table 8-6: Global bias results for Bureau Veritas ........................................................................ 109
Table 8-7: Absolute Error for RC Samples against DHAT data .................................................... 110
Table 9-1: Database export validations ....................................................................................... 117
Table 11-1: Typical Quantitative criteria for Mineral Resource Classification ............................... 140
Table 11-2: Typical Qualitative criteria for Mineral Resource Classification ................................. 141
Table 11-3: Acceptable uncertainty tolerances for Mineral Resource class ................................. 144
Table 11-4: CY2021 F1 Reconciliation Factor by Resource Classification ................................... 144
Table 11-5: Mineral Resource Reporting Cut-off Grade per Ore Type ......................................... 145
Table 11-6: Summary of Mineral Resources at the end of the Fiscal Year 2022 ......................... 148
Table 12-1: Ore Recovery Factor between Unregularised and Regularised Resource Model ...... 150
Table 12-2: Long-term Iron Ore Price used to Estimate Mineral Reserves .................................. 152
Table 12-3: Pit Optimisation Selection ......................................................................................... 155
Table 12-4: List of High-grade Fe Cut-Off Grades Currently in Use ............................................. 159
Table 12-5: Summary of Mineral Reserves at the end of the Fiscal Year 2022............................ 161
Table 12-6: Last 3 Calendar Year Reconciliation Results for Ore Tonnes and Fe grade ............. 164
Table 12-7: Last 3-Yr Reconciliation Results for Measured and Indicated Resource Classes ..... 164
Table 13-1: Design Acceptance Criteria ...................................................................................... 168
Table 13-2: Optimised Inter-ramp Angles (IRA) and Factor of Safety (FoS) ................................ 170
Table 13-3: Key Design Parameters for Pits ................................................................................ 172
Table 13-4: Factors for Life Expectancy ...................................................................................... 172
Table 13-5: Factors for Usage Intensity ....................................................................................... 172
Table 13-6: Road Classification Matrix ........................................................................................ 173
Table 13-7: General Design Criteria for As-Dumped Ex-Pit OSAs ............................................... 174
Table 13-8: Guidelines for Potentially Acid Forming (PAF) Waste Management ......................... 177
Table 13-9: Mining Areas and their respective Joint Venture Ownership ..................................... 180

                                     Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3             30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                    Page xii


Table 13-10: Production Mining Fleet used Across WAIO ........................................................... 182
Table 14-1: Summary and Nominal Capacity of the Process Plants ............................................ 186
Table 14-2: Equipment Summary for the Process Plants ............................................................ 186
Table 14-3: Make and Model of Crushers and Screens ............................................................... 187
Table 15-1: Water usage at various WAIO sites in FY2021 ......................................................... 195
Table 16-1: Sinter Fines 62% Fe FOB Dampier Nominal Prices (source Wood Mackenzie) ........ 201
Table 16-2: Iron Ore Exports by Key Company (source Wood Mackenzie) ................................. 203
Table 17-1: List of Indigenous Land Use Agreements ................................................................. 217
Table 17-2: Estimated Total Closure Costs (on 100% basis) for each Hub .................................. 224
Table 18-1 Capital Cost Estimate ................................................................................................ 227
Table 18-2 Operating Cost Estimate ........................................................................................... 228
Table 18-3 Total Operating Costs (85% BHP economic share) ................................................... 229
Table 19-1: Mineral Reserve Physicals ....................................................................................... 232
Table 19-2: WAIO Cash Flow Summary ...................................................................................... 235
Table 19-3: Results of Sensitivity Analysis .................................................................................. 237
Table 25-1: Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant ................................................. 246



List of Figures
Figure 3-1: Location Map of the Property ...................................................................................... 39
Figure 3-2: Main Deposits within the Mining Hubs ......................................................................... 39
Figure 3-3: Location Map of leases held in Eastern Pilbara Region ............................................... 43
Figure 3-4: Location Map of leases held in Central Pilbara and Yandi Regions ............................. 44
Figure 3-5: Location Map of leases held in Western and North East Pilbara Regions.................... 44
Figure 6-1: Regional Geology Map of the Pilbara Craton showing the Hamersley Province .......... 55
Figure 6-2: Hamersley Province Stratigraphic Column including that for Local Geology ................ 56
Figure 6-3: Schematic Structural Relationship of Various Ore Types of South East Pilbara .......... 57
Figure 6-4: Marillana Formation – Stratigraphic Column and Schematic Long Section .................. 57
Figure 6-5: Index Map showing Geographical Regions and Operating Mining Hubs...................... 58
Figure 6-6: Geology Map for Eastern Pilbara Region – Newman Deposits .................................... 59
Figure 6-7: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Mount Whaleback (a BKM deposit) ................. 60
Figure 6-8: Geological cross-section B-B’ through Western Ridge (a MM deposit) ........................ 61
Figure 6-9: Geological cross-section C-C’ through Eastern Ridge (a BKM deposit) ....................... 62
Figure 6-10: Geological cross-section D-D’ through Shovelanna (a BKM deposit)......................... 63


                                      Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3             30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                     Page xiii


Figure 6-11: Geology Map for Eastern Pilbara Region – Jimblebar Deposits................................. 64
Figure 6-12: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Wheelarra (a BKM deposit) ........................... 65
Figure 6-13: Geological cross-section B-B’ through Hashimoto (a BKM deposit) ........................... 65
Figure 6-14: Geological cross-section C-C’ through South Jimblebar (a MM deposit) ................... 66
Figure 6-15: Geology Map of Central Pilbara Region .................................................................... 67
Figure 6-16: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Packsaddle (a BKM deposit) ......................... 68
Figure 6-17: Geological cross-section B-B’ through North Flank (a MM deposit) ........................... 69
Figure 6-18: Geological Cross-section C-C’ through South Flank (a MM deposit) ......................... 70
Figure 6-19: Geological Cross-section D-D’ through Jinidi (a BKM deposit) .................................. 70
Figure 6-20: Geological Cross-section E-E’ through Mudlark Well (a MM deposit) ........................ 71
Figure 6-21: Geology Map for Yandi Region.................................................................................. 72
Figure 6-22: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Yandi (a CID deposit) .................................... 73
Figure 6-23: Geological cross-section B-B’ through Marillana (a BKM deposit) ............................. 74
Figure 6-24: Geological cross-section C-C’ through Ministers North (a BKM deposit) ................... 75
Figure 6-25: Geological Map of Rocklea........................................................................................ 76
Figure 6-26: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Rocklea (a BKM deposit) ............................... 76
Figure 7-1: WAIO Exploration Drilling Strategy .............................................................................. 85
Figure 7-2: Map showing Typical Stages of Strategic Drilling for resource evaluation ................... 86
Figure 7-3: Plan showing Location and Summary Result of All Drill Holes – Newman Area .......... 90
Figure 7-4: Plan Showing Location and Summary Result of All Drill Holes – Jimblebar Area ........ 91
Figure 7-5: Plan View Showing Location of All Drill Holes – MAC and South Flank Area .............. 92
Figure 7-6: Plan Showing Location and Summary Result of All Drill Holes – Yandi Area ............... 93
Figure 8-1: WAIO Chain of Custody .............................................................................................. 99
Figure 8-2: Turn-around Time from Drill-stop to Data Approved in Database for FY2022 ............ 100
Figure 8-3: WAIO Sampling and Analysis Protocol ...................................................................... 102
Figure 8-4: Field Duplicate Weight Data for FY2022.................................................................... 106
Figure 8-5: Test for Contamination .............................................................................................. 108
Figure 8-6: Laboratory Trends ..................................................................................................... 109
Figure 9-1: A Schematic Flowsheet of WAIO Drill Hole Logging and Database Model ................ 113
Figure 10-1: Geometallurgical Characterisation Process Flow .................................................... 120
Figure 10-2: Illustration of Geometallurgical Sample Representativity by Stratigraphy ................ 122
Figure 11-1: Illustration of Typical Downhole Interpretation based on Gamma and Assays ......... 127
Figure 11-2: Illustration of a Cross-section through a 3D Implicit Model ...................................... 128
Figure 11-3: Illustration of a Weathering Model ........................................................................... 128

                                      Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3               30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                             Page xiv


Figure 11-4: Illustration of a Mineralisation Model ....................................................................... 129
Figure 11-5: Illustration of a Plan View of Implicit Geological Model and Fault Blocks ................. 129
Figure 11-6: Fe Frequency Plot Demonstrating Natural Break in Mineralisation at 50% Fe ......... 130
Figure 11-7: Illustration of a Box Plot of Fe in Mineralised Brockman and Detrital Units .............. 132
Figure 11-8: Example of Probability Plots Identifying Silica Outliers ............................................ 133
Figure 11-9: Example of Scatterplots Identifying Outliers (in red) ................................................ 133
Figure 11-10: Illustration of Typical Visual Validation................................................................... 136
Figure 11-11: Typical Global Statistical Comparison – Block grades vs Samples ........................ 137
Figure 11-12: Illustration of Typical Swath Plots for Mineralised Transitional MacLeod ............... 138
Figure 11-13: Example of Graphical Comparison of Samples and Estimates .............................. 139
Figure 11-14: Measured Resource Classification – Plan view and cross-section ......................... 142
Figure 11-15: Indicated Resource Classification – Plan view and cross-section .......................... 143
Figure 11-16: Inferred Resource Classification – Plan view and cross-section ............................ 143
Figure 11-17: Ore vs Waste Contribution per Fe bin (normalised to 100%) for BKM ore type ...... 146
Figure 12-1: Process flow with Key Steps for Mineral Reserve Estimates ................................... 150
Figure 12-2: Comparison of Mineralised Material and Value ....................................................... 156
Figure 12-3: Plan showing Phase Optimisation ........................................................................... 157
Figure 12-4: Grade Tonnage Relationship ................................................................................... 159
Figure 12-5: Conceptual Process Map of F1, F2 and F3 Reconciliations at WAIO ...................... 163
Figure 13-1: Typical Open-cut Mining Method Activity Flowchart................................................. 166
Figure 13-2: Sections for Inter-ramp Stability Analysis ................................................................ 169
Figure 13-3: CAT 793F Pit Wall (Haul Road Parameters LV/SME Separation) ............................ 173
Figure 13-4: Komatsu 930E Pit Wall (Haul Road Parameters LV/SME Separation)..................... 173
Figure 13-5: Schematic OSA Final Landform Slope Options ....................................................... 175
Figure 13-6: OSA Final Landform – Concave versus Stacked Linear Slope Profiles ................... 176
Figure 13-7: Final Pit Maps – Jimblebar example ........................................................................ 179
Figure 13-8: Production Schedule for WAIO ................................................................................ 181
Figure 14-1: Mining Area C Ore Handling Plant 2 Process Flow.................................................. 184
Figure 14-2: Schematic of the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant Process Overview ....................... 185
Figure 15-1: Basic Value Chain for WAIO ................................................................................... 191
Figure 15-2: Simplified Map of WAIO Operations and Infrastructure ........................................... 192
Figure 15-3: Simplified Map of Port Hedland Port Infrastructure .................................................. 193
Figure 15-4: Infrastructure Layout Map – Newman Area ............................................................. 196
Figure 15-5: Infrastructure Layout Map – Jimblebar Area ............................................................ 197

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3          30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                    Page xv


Figure 15-6: Infrastructure Layout Map – Mining Area C and South Flank Areas ........................ 198
Figure 15-7: Infrastructure Layout Map – Yandi Areas ................................................................ 199
Figure 16-1: CY2021 VIU Adjusted1 Iron Ore Cost Curve (CFR China, 62% Fe equivalent) ........ 204
Figure 16-2: Price and Cash Cost, by Percentile Contestable Market (CFR China) ..................... 205
Figure 16-3: Lump premium ........................................................................................................ 206
Figure 19-1: Production Schedule for WAIO ................................................................................ 233
Figure 19-2: Annual Cash Flow ................................................................................................... 236




                                      Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3              30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                         Page xvi



List of Abbreviations
         The metric system has been used throughout this report. Tonnes are metric of 1,000kg, or
         2,204.6 lb. All currency is in U.S. dollars (US$) unless otherwise stated.
             Abbreviation                              Unit or Term
            %                                          percent
            °                                          degree (degrees)
            °C                                         Degree(s) Celsius
            µm                                         micron(s)
            2D                                         Two dimensional
            3D                                         Three dimensional
            ACH                                        Aboriginal Cultural Heritage
            AH                                         Aboriginal Heritage
            AMD                                        Acid and Metalliferous Drainage
            AusIMM                                     Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy
            BHP                                        BHP Group Limited
            BHPIOJ                                     BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Limited
            BHPM                                       BHP Minerals Pty Limited
            BID                                        Bedded Iron Deposit
            BIF                                        Banded Iron Formation
            BKM                                        Brockman (a type of iron ore deposit)
            BWT                                        Below Water Table
            CFR                                        Cost and freight
            CHMP                                       Cultural heritage management plans
            CID                                        Channel Iron Deposits
            cm                                         centimeter
            CRM                                        Certified Reference Materials
            CY                                         Calendar Year (12-month period from 1 January to 31 December)
            DD                                         Diamond Drilling
            DHAT                                       Down Hole Assay Tool
            DID                                        Detrital Iron Deposits
            DMIRS                                      Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety
            dmt                                        Dry Metric Tonne
            dmtu                                       Dry Metric Tonne Unit
            DSO                                        Direct shipping ore
            DWER                                       Department of Water and Environmental Regulation
            EDA                                        Exploratory Data Analysis
            EIA                                        Environmental Impact Assessment
            EMP                                        Environmental Management Plan
            EMS                                        Environmental Management System
            EPA                                        Environmental Protection Authority
            EPBC                                       Environmental Protection and Biodiversity Conservation
            E-W                                        East-West
            FIFO                                       Fly-in-fly-out
            FOB                                        Free On Board
            FSE                                        Fundamental sampling error
            FY                                         Financial Year (12-month period from 1 July to 30 June)
            g                                          gram(s)
            GDA94                                      Geocentric Datum of Australia 1994
            GPS                                        Geographic Positioning System
            ha                                         hectares
            HSE                                        Health Safety Environment
            IDW                                        inverse-distance weighted
            IF                                         Iron Formation
            IJV                                        Incorporated Joint Venture
            ILUA                                       Indigenous Land Use Agreement


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3      30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                         Page xvii


              Abbreviation                             Unit or Term
            ISO                                        International Standards Organisation
            Itochu                                     Itochu Minerals and Energy of Australia Pty Limited
            JV                                         Joint venture
            kg                                         kilogram(s)
            km                                         kilometer(s)
            km2                                        square kilometer(s)
            kv                                         kilovolt
            LoA                                        Life of Asset
            LOI                                        Loss on Ignition
            LoM                                        Life of Mine
            m                                          meter(s)
            m2                                         square meter(s)
            m3                                         cubic meter(s)
            MAC                                        Mining Area C
            MCP                                        Mine Closure Plan
            M-G                                        Martite-Goethite
            Mitsui                                     Mitsui Iron Ore Pty Limited
            mm                                         millimetre(s)
            MM                                         Marra Mamba (a type of iron ore deposit)
            MNES                                       Matters of National Environmental Significance
            mplH                                       Microplaty hematite
            MS                                         Ministerial Statement
            Mt                                         Million tonnes
            Mtpa                                       Million tonnes per annum
            MW                                         Million watts
            NATA                                       National Association of Testing Authorities
            NPV                                        Net Present Value
            N-S                                        North-South
            NVCP                                       Native Vegetation Clearing Permits
            OHP                                        Ore handling plant
            OSA                                        Overburden Storage Areas
            PAF                                        Potentially Acid Forming
            PEAHR                                      Project Environmental and Aboriginal Heritage Review
            ppb                                        parts per billion
            ppm                                        parts per million
            QAQC                                       Quality Assurance/Quality Control
            QP                                         Qualified Person
            RC                                         Reverse Circulation
            RIWI                                       Rights in Water and Irrigation
            ROM                                        Run-of-mine
            RQD                                        Rock Quality Description
            SA Act                                     State Agreement Act
            SEC                                        United States Securities and Exchange Commission
            SMU                                        Selective Mining Unit
            t                                          tonne (metric ton) (1000 kilograms or 2,204.6 pounds)
            TGA                                        Thermo-Gravimetric Analysis
            TLO                                        Train Load-Out
            TR                                         Temporary Reserve
            TRS                                        Technical Report Summary
            TSF                                        Tailings Storage Facility
            WA                                         Western Australia
            WAIO                                       Western Australia Iron Ore
            wmt                                        Wet Metric Tonne
            XRF                                        X-ray fluorescence




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3       30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 18



1        Executive Summary
         This Technical Report Summary was prepared at a Pre-Feasibility Study-level, in accordance
         with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-K (Title 17, Part 229,
         Items 601(b)(96) and S-K 1300), for BHP Group Limited (BHP), to support its disclosure of
         Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves on its production-stage Western Australia Iron Ore
         (WAIO) property, Western Australia, Australia.
         BHP is a leading mining and resources company. Its WAIO property is a large integrated
         direct shipping iron ore producer exporting iron ore in the form of fines (sinter plant feed) and
         lump (direct blast furnace feed), which are essential raw materials for the iron and steel-
         making industry. WAIO has been continuously producing iron ore since the late 1960’s. The
         annual iron ore production rate of WAIO has increased gradually from about 20 Mt in the
         1990’s to 283 Mt (249 Mt on BHP’s equity ownership basis) in FY2022 to meet rising global
         demand for iron ore.

1.1      Property Description and Ownership
         The WAIO property is situated in the Pilbara iron ore province in the north-west of Western
         Australia (WA) and is centred on the small regional town of Newman located at approximately
         1,000km north of the capital city Perth of WA. WAIO is an integrated operation consisting of
         five mining hubs and four processing hubs, all connected to its port facilities at Port Hedland
         by a network of more than 1,000km of its own rail infrastructure.
         WAIO comprises four main joint ventures (JVs): Mount Newman, Yandi, Mount Goldsworthy
         and Jimblebar. BHP’s economic interest in each of these JVs is 85%, with Mitsui Iron Ore
         Corporation Pty Ltd and Itochu Minerals and Energy of Australia Pty Ltd owning the remaining
         15%. The JVs are unincorporated, except Jimblebar. BHP, Mitsui, Itochu and POSCO are
         also participants in the POSMAC JV, in which BHP’s interest is 65%. The POSMAC JV only
         has a sublease over a part of Mount Goldsworthy JV and sells ore to the main JV.
         WAIO’s joint ventures, processing hubs, mining hubs and main mineral deposits are listed in
         Table 1-1. Regionally, Newman and Jimblebar mining and processing hubs fall within
         Eastern Pilbara region, Mining Area C and South Flank within Central Pilbara region and
         Yandi within Yandi region as shown in Figure 3-2 (Section 3.1).




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                          Page 19


         Table 1-1: List of WAIO Joint Ventures, Mining and Processing Hubs
                Joint Venture                Processing                Mining Hub                          Main Mineral Deposits
                                                Hub
                                                                                               Mount Whaleback, Eastern Ridge,
               Mount Newman                    Newman
                                                                         Newman                Shovelanna
                                              Operations
                                                                                               Western Ridge
                                                                                               South Jimblebar, Wheelarra,
                   Jimblebar                   Jimblebar                 Jimblebar
                                                                                               Hashimoto
                                                                                               Yandi (end-of-life ramp down
                     Yandi                        Yandi                     Yandi
                                                                                               started in July 2021)
             Mount Goldsworthy                                       Mining Area C             North Flank, Packsaddle
            (POSMAC JV holds a
                                            Mining Area C                                      South Flank (new mine, first
              sublease over the                                        South Flank
                                                                                               production started in May 2021)
             Mining Area C mine)



         Mines, processing facilities, railways and port facilities comprising WAIO are spread over a
         geographical area of 350km N-S and 250km E-W between Port Hedland and Newman towns.
         Newman (Latitude: 23°21'15" S, Longitude: 119°43'55" E) and Port Hedland (Latitude:
         20°18'45" S, Longitude: 118°34'50" E) are accessible by road via public highways (Great
         Northern Highway and North West Coastal Highway) and by air via commercial flights to
         Newman and Port Hedland. A number of WAIO-owned roads and airports provide access to
         individual mining hubs. Iron ore produced from various mines is transported via WAIO-owned
         rail lines to the port facilities at Port Hedland in WA.
         Mineral rights are held pursuant to five State Agreement (SA) Acts of WA (acts relating to
         mining rights held by BHP and its WAIO JV partners only) and the Mining Act, 1978 (WA)
         (act relating to mining rights for any party that obtains mineral titles in WA). WAIO currently
         holds 8 mineral titles pursuant to the SA Acts (covering a total area of approximately
         2,678km2) and 46 tenements pursuant to the Mining Act (totalling to 1,845km2). BHP and its
         JV partners are the registered holders for 38 tenements and BHP is the sole registered holder
         for 16 tenements. The total area held under all these 54 titles is approximately 4,523km2.

1.2      Geology and Mineralisation
         The majority of WAIO’s iron ore deposits are hosted in the late Archaean to early Proterozoic-
         age banded iron formations of the Hamersley Group in the Pilbara region of WA. Brockman
         (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) Iron Formations (IF) of the Hamersley Group are the two
         main hosts for bedrock mineralisation.
         Fresh BKM IF tends to have higher phosphorous and alumina (both deleterious elements)
         and lower loss-on-ignition than fresh MM IF and this characteristic is carried through into the
         composition of the bedrock ores derived from these two different stratigraphic units. For this


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                    30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 20


         reason, the primary division of bedrock ore types is based on stratigraphy (BKM versus MM).
         The BIF-hosted iron ores can then be further subdivided in terms of their genesis and current
         mineralogy into (i) hypogene martite-microplaty hematite ores and (ii) supergene martite-
         goethite ores.
         In addition to these two BIF hosted mineralisation types, economic mineralisation is also
         found in the fluviatile channel iron deposits (CID) of late Eocene to early Miocene age. The
         iron content in the CIDs is less than the bedrock mineralisation, but they tend to have much
         lower phosphorus and alumina contents that still make them attractive raw material.
         Younger detrital sequences form colluvial-alluvial fans adjacent to some bedded iron
         deposits, which are called Detrital Iron Deposits (DID). Despite their widespread occurrence,
         mining of these DIDs is very limited and mostly opportunistic, occurring where they are
         mineralised and situated above bedrock mineralisation.
         As such, the BKM, MM and CID are the three main ore types in the Pilbara. At WAIO, mined
         BKM and MM ore types (as well small quantities of DID) are blended together to produce the
         final lump and fines products. CID is mined separately and sold as a fines only product.
         WAIO’s reported Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are a combination of these ore
         types.
         Hematite (~70% Fe) and goethite (~63% Fe) are the primary iron bearing minerals and occur
         in different proportions in the deposits of various ore types. The run-of-mine is direct shipping
         ore (DSO).
         Mineralisation extends more or less continuously over strike lengths of 5-10km for the
         majority of deposits, but may extend for up to 50-60km. The width of mineralisation at surface
         typically ranges from about 200m up to 1500m. Mineralisation extends to depths of between
         100 and 400m and deposits typically have some form of surface expression, making them
         accessible to surface mining.

1.3      Status of Exploration, Development and Operations
         WAIO is an operating stage property and has been producing continuously since the late
         1960’s. The required exploration and development activities are planned and executed
         internally.
         Drilling is the primary method of exploration and undertaken on an on-going basis. The
         exploration activities are carried out in areas adjacent to operating mines (brownfield areas)
         in order to replenish Mineral Resources depleted due to mine production. In addition, some
         exploration activities are undertaken in strategic areas (greenfields areas) to increase
         confidence in the Mineral Resources that are scheduled for potential future development in
         the life of asset plan.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 21


         From the 1950’s to end of calendar year 2021, WAIO completed over 145,000 exploration
         drill holes for a total of 11.4 million metres (or 11,400km, including 8,312km of Reverse
         Circulation drilling and 773km of Diamond Drilling) for the purpose of resource identification
         and definition, resource characterisation, modelling of geotechnical and hydrogeological
         parameters, and geometallurgical test work. Since 2008, between 400km and 600km of
         exploration drilling have been completed annually. Drillhole lengths range from 30m to
         ~280m, with the majority of drill holes between 60m and 120m in length.
         WAIO is an integrated system comprising four operational processing hubs (Newman
         Operations, Jimblebar, Mining Area C and Yandi) with associated open-pit mines and ore
         handling / processing plants. WAIO has its own rail network and port facilities, for transporting
         iron ore products to the coast and shipping them to its customers. All other WAIO
         infrastructure, including roads, airports, fly-in-fly out camps, sources of water and electricity,
         have been established by BHP over the last 50 years.
         The growth of WAIO’s iron ore production from the early 2000’s has been mainly driven by
         the increased demand resulting from the industrial expansion in mainland China during this
         period, where steel production and consumption increased significantly.
         All WAIO mines are open-pits and the run-of-mine (ROM) ore is dry crushed and screened
         to produce the two standard marketable DSO products, namely lump and fines.
         WAIO is a long-life, large-scale, low-cost, export-oriented, high-quality, hematite-type, DSO
         producer with over 50 years of experience developing and operating mining assets. Currently,
         WAIO is the third largest iron ore producer in the world.

1.4      Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve Estimates

1.4.1    Mineral Resource Estimates
         The resource estimation process followed by WAIO is well established and is consistent with
         standard industry practice. A set of procedures governs geological interpretation, estimation
         and reporting of Mineral Resources, including peer reviews and independent auditing.
         Estimation was performed by BHP personnel, using VulcanTM and IsatisTM Neo software.
         Block models are constructed with geological, mineralisation and weathering domains, and
         above/below water table domains, based on the wireframed 3D geological interpretation.
         Estimation parent blocks (within mineralisation) are usually half the drill hole spacing in the
         easting/northing direction with a 3m cell height, creating a possible range from 25mE x 25mN
         x 3mRL up to 600mE x 300mN x 12mRL.
         Sub-blocks are used to ensure robust representation of geological boundaries and domain
         volumes, and usually comprise 5mE x 5mN x 1mRL cells. Grade interpolation into parent
         cells is typically achieved by Ordinary Kriging (OK) for mineralised domains and Inverse
         Distance Weighted (IDW) for waste domains, where data is generally more limited. Some

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 22


         deposits which have wider drill spacing have been interpolated wholly using IDW. Ordinary
         kriging is used in preference to IDW where possible, as it takes the spatial correlation
         between samples into account during the estimation process. IDW is based on the inverse
         of the distance of the sample from the estimation location, with no allowance for the spatial
         relationship of the samples. In domains where samples are limited, and a spatial relationship
         cannot thus be determined, IDW is used for estimation.
         Mineral resources are reported using the Mineral Resource definitions set out in S–K 1300
         and are reported exclusive of those Mineral Resources converted into Mineral Reserves.
         The reported Mineral Resource tonnages are presented in million wet metric tonnes in-situ
         (point of reference) and attributable to BHP’s economic interest. The quality of iron ore is
         shown by the iron (Fe) grade along with the content of main contaminants, which are
         phosphorous (P), silica (SiO2), alumina (Al2O3) and loss on ignition (LOI).
         Summary Mineral Resource estimates for WAIO at the end of the Fiscal Year Ended 30 June
         2022 are provided in Table 1-2.

1.4.2    Mineral Reserve Estimates
         Mineral Reserve estimates are derived from WAIO’s current Life of Asset (LoA) mine plan.
         The process flow, with key steps in the mine planning process to convert the Mineral
         Resource estimates to the Mineral Reserve estimates, is shown below.




         The WAIO mine plans are regularly (at least annually) optimised using the open-pit designs
         together with Mining Models (internal term for Reserve Models), cost, revenue and production
         rate factors to generate LoA schedules.
         Ore loss (mining recovery) and dilution are inherent in the process of regularising the
         Resource Models to the Selective Mining Unit (SMU) size to generate the Mining Models.
         Iron ore deposits are bulk deposits and while some ore loss and dilution may occur along the
         edges, this is accounted for in the model regularisation process. No additional ore loss factor
         and dilution have been applied. The net recovery after regularising the resource models is
         between 95% and 90%. The long-term reconciliation factor between Mining Models and
         shipped product demonstrates that the regularisation process reasonably accounts for ore
         loss and dilution.
         Optimised pit shells are imported into industry standard mine design software to generate
         pushback and final pit design limits with crest and toe strings, haul road access and
         incorporating minimum mining widths.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 23


         The material contained within the final pit designs is then used as input for the mine
         scheduling process. WAIO’s mine plans are run at annual increments with a target of
         maximising the Ore for Rail (OFR) production to the current capacity of approximately 290
         Mtpa.
         Mineral Reserves contain only that part of Mineral Resources which are scheduled as
         economic ore in the mine plan. Inferred Mineral Resources are allowed to contribute to the
         pit optimisation and the mine schedules but treated as waste for Mineral Reserve estimates
         (i.e., no positive revenue contribution is assigned to the Inferred Mineral Resources).
         Summary of Mineral Reserve estimates for WAIO at the end of the Fiscal Year Ended 30
         June 2022 are provided in Table 1-3. Yandi mine (CID ore type) started its end-of-life ramp
         down in July 2021 and therefore no Mineral Reserves have been estimated at Yandi for the
         purposes of this report.
         The reported Mineral Reserve tonnages are presented in million wet metric tonnes delivered
         to the process or ore handling plant (point of reference) and attributable to BHP’s economic
         interest.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                                                                                  Page 24


         Table 1-2: Summary of Mineral Resources at the end of the Fiscal Year 2022
         Mineral Resources reported in this table are exclusive of Mineral Reserves and attributable to BHP’s economic interest. See notes
         below for commodity price, cut-off grade, point of reference and metallurgical recovery.
          Name of Joint      Measured Mineral Resources               Indicated Mineral Resources               Measured + Indicated Mineral Resources            Inferred Mineral Resources
            Venture         Mt    %Fe    %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI        Mt   %Fe     %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI                 Mt   %Fe      %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI        Mt    %Fe    %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI
         Mt Newman          250   61.0   0.11   3.5   2.3   6.2     770   59.7   0.13     4.8      2.8    6.3      1,020    60.0     0.12   4.5   2.7   6.3    2,240   59.7   0.12   4.8    2.6   6.4
         Goldsworthy        100   56.7   0.13   7.9   3.6   6.8     490   58.8   0.08     6.0      3.0    6.0        590    58.4     0.09   6.4   3.1   6.2    3,900   59.9   0.10   5.2    2.3   6.2
         Yandi              360   58.3   0.11   4.7   2.4   8.9   1,300   59.4   0.14     4.5      2.3    7.6      1,660    59.2     0.13   4.5   2.3   7.8    1,930   57.9   0.13   5.5    2.6   8.3
         Jimblebar          210   60.1   0.10   5.1   2.9   5.2     560   59.5   0.14     5.3      3.1    5.7        760    59.7     0.13   5.2   3.0   5.6      280   58.6   0.10   5.7    3.4   6.2
         BHP (Non-JV)       170   60.5   0.13   4.8   2.5   5.6     200   59.3   0.13     6.1      2.5    6.0        370    59.9     0.13   5.5   2.5   5.8    2,050   59.0   0.13   4.9    2.8   7.1
         WAIO Total       1,090   59.5   0.11   4.8   2.6   6.8   3,320   59.4   0.13     5.0      2.7    6.6      4,400    59.4     0.12   5.0   2.6   6.7   10,410   59.3   0.12   5.1    2.6   6.8

           (1) Qualified Person: Fleur Muller (MAusIMM). She is a full-time employee of BHP.
           (2) For estimation of cut-off grades and Mineral Resources, a long-term iron ore price of US $86 per dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index and
               unit operating cost of US $17.4 per wmt were used for the purpose of this report, both on FOB Port Hedland basis. The price used represents
               the median of the 3-year trailing calendar monthly averages over the timeframe from July 2018 to June 2021. The unit operating cost is the
               average of the actual yearly operating cost of WAIO for the last three years from FY2019 to FY2021.
           (3) All Mineral Resources were reported on in-situ basis as the point of reference and were exclusive of those parts of Mineral Resources
               which had already been converted to Mineral Reserves. The current practice of open-cut mining method has been assumed for all the
               Mineral Resource estimates.
           (4) The Mineral Resources have an effective date of 30 June 2022 and are reported on the basis of BHP’s economic interest. BHP has a 85%
               economic interest in Newman, Jimblebar, Goldsworthy MAC and Yandi joint ventures and 100% in BHP (Non-JV). POSMAC joint venture,
               in which BHP has 65% interest, holds only 2 Mt Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources and 3 Mt Inferred Mineral Resources and is
               shown as part of Goldsworthy MAC in this table.
           (5) Mineral Resources shown in the table comprise mostly Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) ore types with minor amounts of Detrital
               Iron Deposits (DID) for all joint ventures, except Yandi which additionally include some Channel Iron Deposits (CID). Cut-off grades used
               for estimating the Mineral Resources are: BKM – 54% Fe, MM – 54% Fe, CID – 52% Fe and DID – 58% Fe and <= 6% Al2O3.
           (6) Mineral Resource classification is based on drill spacing, assessments of geostatistical parameters, geological confidence and data quality
               considerations as appropriate.
           (7) The grades listed above (Fe – iron, P – phosphorous, SiO2 – silica and Al2O3 – alumina) refer to in situ mass percentage on a dry weight
               basis. LOI (loss on ignition) refers to loss of mass (dry basis) during the assaying process. Tonnages are reported as wet tonnes for all ore
               types, including approximate moisture contents: BKM – 3%, CID – 8%, DID – 4% and MM – 4%.
           (8) WAIO produces a single commodity (Fe). Additional deleterious elements are reported for quality purposes.
           (9) WAIO is predominantly a producer of direct shipping ore and based on design of process plants and historical performance the metallurgical
               recovery has been assumed as 100% for the purpose of reporting all Mineral Resources.
           (10)Tonnes are shown in million metric tonnes (Mt) and are rounded to nearest 10 million tonnes to reflect order of accuracy of the estimates.
               As a result, some figures may not add up to totals shown in the table.



                                                              Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                                                   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                              Page 25


The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based
upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to
change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front
of this Technical Report Summary.




                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                                                                     Page 26


         Table 1-3: Summary of Mineral Reserves at the end of the Fiscal Year 2022
         Mineral Reserves reported in this table are attributable to BHP’s economic interest. See notes below for commodity price, cut-off
         grade, point of reference and metallurgical recovery.
          Name of Joint             Proven Mineral Reserves                                 Probable Mineral Reserves                               Total Mineral Reserves
            Venture            Mt    %Fe      %P    %SiO2 %Al2O3       %LOI            Mt      %Fe        %P     %SiO2 %Al2O3        %LOI     Mt    %Fe    %P     %SiO2 %Al2O3    %LOI
         Mt Newman            240    63.7    0.10     2.9      1.8       3.3         510      61.9       0.11        3.4       2.1    5.3     750   62.5   0.11     3.3     2.0    4.6
         Goldsworthy          910    62.0    0.09     3.2      1.8       5.8       1,030      61.0       0.08        3.9       1.9    6.4   1,940   61.5   0.08     3.6     1.8    6.1
         Jimblebar            480    61.8    0.12     3.4      2.5       5.1         410      61.4       0.11        4.1       2.7    4.7     900   61.6   0.12     3.7     2.6    4.9
         WAIO Total         1,630    62.2    0.10     3.2      2.0       5.2       1,960      61.3       0.09        3.8       2.1    5.7   3,590   61.7   0.10     3.6     2.1    5.5

           (1) Qualified Persons: Alex Greaves for Mt Newman, Anastasia Balueva for Goldsworthy and Chris Burke for Jimblebar. They are all full-time
               employees of BHP.
           (2) For estimation of cut-off grades and Mineral Reserves, unit operating cost of US$17.4 per wmt and long-term iron ore price of US $86 per
               dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index for fines and US $103 per dmt for lump were used for the purpose of this report, all on FOB Port Hedland
               basis. The price used represents the median of the 3-year trailing calendar monthly averages over the timeframe from July 2018 to June
               2021. The unit operating cost is the average of the actual yearly operating cost of WAIO for the last three years from FY2019 to FY2021.
           (3) The point of reference for Mineral Reserves is as delivered to the process or ore handling plant. The current practice of surface mining
               method was assumed for estimating all Mineral Reserves.
           (4) The Mineral Reserves have an effective date of 30 June 2022 and are reported on the basis of BHP’s economic interest. BHP has a 85%
               economic interest in Mt Newman, Goldsworthy and Jimblebar joint ventures. POSMAC joint venture, in which BHP has 65% interest, held
               only 11 Mt Proven and 4 Mt Probable Mineral Reserves which are included as part of Goldsworthy in this table.
           (5) Mineral Reserves shown in the table comprise Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) ore types for all joint ventures. The cut-off grade
               used for estimating the Mineral Reserves for both BKM and MM ore types is typically Fe ≥ 58% with minor exceptions.
           (6) The grades listed above (Fe – iron, P – phosphorous, SiO2 – silica and Al2O3 – alumina) refer to in situ mass percentage on a dry weight
               basis. LOI (loss on ignition) refers to loss of mass (dry basis) during the assaying process. Tonnages are reported as wet tonnes for all ore
               types, including approximate moisture contents: BKM – 3% and MM – 4%.
           (7) WAIO produces a single commodity (Fe). Additional deleterious elements are reported for quality purposes.
           (8) WAIO is predominantly a producer of direct shipping ore and based on design of process plants and historical performance the metallurgical
               recovery has been assumed as 100% for Goldsworthy and Jimblebar JVs and 99% for Mt Newman JV for the purpose of reporting Mineral
               Reserves.
           (9) Tonnes are shown in million metric tonnes (Mt) and are rounded to nearest 10 million tonnes to reflect order of accuracy of the estimates.
               As a result, some figures may not add up to totals shown in the table.
         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
         purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
         prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report


                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                                          30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                              Page 27


         Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
         financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.




                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 28



1.5      Mining Method
         The method of mining at all WAIO mines is open-cut. Iron ore is a bulk commodity and the
         deposits are wide, generally shallow dipping and with most parts occurring within depths of
         200 to 300m from the surface under a relatively thin overburden, thus leading to low strip
         ratios. These characteristics make open-cut mining the natural choice.
         WAIO open-cut mining uses face shovels, front-end loaders or backhoe excavators. The full
         bench is drilled and blasted for a 12 m height, sampled at three times in 4 m increments and
         three 4 m flitches are mined.
         Pit and pushback designs are completed using the recommended geotechnical slope angles
         based on studies. The geotechnical parameters are developed after comprehensive studies
         at least of pre-feasibility level for each deposit, assessing the geological conditions and
         factors of safety. The pit slope angles are based on the outcomes and recommendations
         from these studies.
         The ultimate pit designs are guided by the selected economic pit. Overall pit and pushback
         designs are created using industry standard mine design software (VulcanTM or DatamineTM)
         with crest and toe lines, haul road accesses and incorporating minimum mining widths. The
         minimum mining width is determined by the equipment to be used for the mining operation.

1.6      Processing and Recovery Methods
         The run-of-mine (ROM) ore is direct shipping ore (DSO) with average iron content not less
         than 60% for Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) ore types and not less than 56.5%
         for the Channel Iron Deposit (CID) ore type. The ore is also higher quality, with deleterious
         contents within acceptable limits, and is capable of being fed to the blast furnace for iron and
         steel making, without the need for any concentration or beneficiation.
         The ROM is crushed and screened to produce the two industry-standard DSO marketable
         ore types, namely lump (with nominal particle size >6.3mm) and fines (with size <6.3mm).
         This processing method is simple and well understood and widely used by most DSO
         producers in the Pilbara. The ROM ore is first crushed in a primary crusher set up near the
         mine. The crushed ore is then transported via an overland conveyor to an Ore Handling Plant
         (OHP) housing secondary and/or tertiary crushers and screens for further crushing and
         screening. The OHPs are located close to a train load-out (TLO) station. For larger mines,
         two or more OHP’s are centrally located around the TLO station(s) and form a processing
         hub. Currently there are four processing hubs in WAIO, Newman Operations, Jimblebar,
         Mining Area C - South Flank and Yandi.
         In WAIO, only one OHP (Whaleback Beneficiation Plant, located in Newman Operations)
         uses heavy-media separation to beneficiate a select part of BKM ore from the Mount



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 29


         Whaleback deposit. The production from this plant was 4.7 Mt in FY2022, contributing less
         than 2% of WAIO’s total production.
         All dry OHP’s recover typically 100% mass of the ROM feed in the form of either lump or
         fines, whereas the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant typically recovers approximately 95% wet
         mass of the plant feed.

1.7      Infrastructure
         Most of the infrastructure required for WAIO to support current mining operations and develop
         the Mineral Reserves stated in this report is already in existence. This has been developed
         by BHP gradually over the last six decades in pace with staged expansion of production
         capacity to meet increasing global iron ore demand.
         WAIO is a fully integrated system of four processing and five mining hubs, all connected by
         more than 1,000 kilometres of BHP-owned rail infrastructure to its two port facilities at Port
         Hedland.
         WAIO owns and operates a natural gas fired power plant (Yarnima Power Station, in Newman
         town), with an installed generators’ capacity of 190 megawatts. The plant supplies the entire
         power requirement for all its mining and processing facilities as well as mine camps. WAIO
         mines and Newman township typically consume about 80 – 100 MW of power on average,
         with peak demand reaching 130 to 140 MW.
         Power consumed for WAIO’s port operations at Port Hedland is purchased via a power
         purchase agreement with Alinta Energy, a large energy supplier in Australia. The port
         operations typically consume about 37 MW on average, peaking at 70 MW.
         Groundwater is the primary freshwater source for WAIO and is extracted from production and
         dewatering bores with abstraction volumes as per licence requirements for use in all mining
         and processing operations. The water is supplied to various sites through a network of
         overground and underground water pipelines along with associated tanks and control
         infrastructure. Water consumption is linked to mining rates, and water supply and
         infrastructure capacity is included in development plans accordingly.
         WAIO relies mainly on a fly-in-fly-out (FIFO) workforce sourced primarily from within WA
         (Perth and other regional towns) and to a lesser extent from other eastern states in Australia.
         Personnel work on rosters on a fly-in-fly-out basis and WAIO operates charter flights from
         Perth to ferry personnel to various mine sites. While on mine site, personnel reside in the fully
         serviced WAIO-owned FIFO camps.

1.8      Market Studies
         WAIO produces direct shipping iron ore, which is sold as two ore types, namely lump and
         fines. The realised price for iron ore (both lump and fines) is dependent on the iron content
         as well as the contents of deleterious elements like phosphorus, silica, alumina and loss-on-

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 30


         ignition. Most of the WAIO ore types is considered higher quality based on assessments of
         these impurities.
         Iron ore is the primary raw material for iron and steel-making, which is an important building
         block for construction, transportation, energy infrastructure and household appliances.
         Therefore the demand for iron ore is expected to continue over the length of cash flow for
         WAIO currently projected to 2052.
         Global crude steel production has more than doubled over the past two decades, from 0.85
         billion tonnes in 2000 to 1.95 billion tonnes in 2021 (source: World Steel Association), to fuel
         the global economic growth, urbanisation and industrialisation. During the same period,
         China’s production has increased from 131 Mt in 2000 to 1033 Mt in 2021 (source: World
         Steel Association), contributing the bulk of the global increase.
         Out of the 2.3 billion tonnes total iron ore consumption in 2021 globally, 1.5 billion tonnes are
         traded on the seaborne market. Asia is the largest customer location, accounting for ~90%
         of the seaborne iron ore demand, with most of the seaborne iron ore going to China, Japan
         and South Korea. China is the single largest customer location, accounting for more than
         70% of the seaborne iron ore demand (source: Iron ore market service – Q3 2021 outlook to
         2035).
         On the supply side, Australia, Brazil and South Africa are the major seaborne iron ore supply
         countries supplying over 80% of the market in 2021. Notably, Australia is the single largest
         iron ore producing country, supplying close to 60% in CY2021 of the seaborne trade (source:
         Iron ore market service – Q3 2021 outlook to 2025).
         Iron ore is a bulk commodity and the commodity price of iron ore types varies depending on
         the supply and demand situation at the time. Since the late 2000’s and with introduction of
         spot pricing, the commodity price has seen greater variability over both short (week/month)
         and long (year) time horizons. During this period at least two cycles of price variation have
         been observed with monthly average Platts 62% Fe Fines Index prices swinging between
         US$210 per dmt and US$40 per dmt.
         A long-term iron ore price of US$86 per dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index has been used for
         the purpose of this report to establish the reasonable prospect of economic extraction for
         Mineral Resources and economic viability of Mineral Reserves. This price represents the
         median value of the historical calendar month average nominal prices over a timeframe of
         the preceding three financial years from July 2018 to June 2021.

1.9      Capital and Operating Cost Estimates
         WAIO is an operating stage property and has been actively producing for a number of
         decades. No new mining production hub is required for the estimated Mineral Reserves as
         of the effect date of this report. Therefore both capital and operating cost estimates for the


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 31


         purpose of this report have been estimated based on WAIO’s actual operating performance
         over the last three financial years (July 2018 to June 2021).
         As an operating asset, the sustaining capital costs are only the capital costs required to
         sustain the current production rate. The sustaining capital has been estimated at US$3.81
         per wmt of Mineral Reserves.
         The average of the previous three financial years of actual operating costs has been used for
         the purpose of this report to estimate Mineral Reserves. The overall unit operating cost has
         been estimated at US$17.4 per wmt of Mineral Reserves.
         Since the cost estimates are based on actual operating performance, these estimates are
         expected to be within the accuracy level of ±25%.

1.10     Economic Analysis
         Economic analysis demonstrates economic viability of the Mineral Reserve using
         assumptions described in this report. The net present value of future cash flows is US$88.3
         billion (based on the assumptions and methodology set out in Section 19, including as
         discounted to July 2022 using a discount rate of 6.5%) and robust to variations in significant
         input assumptions, such as commodity price, foreign exchange rate, operating and capital
         costs.

1.11     Permitting Requirements
         WAIO operations are regulated through a combination of Part IV Ministerial Statements and
         Part V Prescribed Premises Licences under the Environmental Protection Act 1986 and their
         associated requirements. Other environmental legislation under which BHP operates
         includes but is not limited to the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act
         1999 (EPBC Act), the Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016 (BC Act), the Mining Act 1978 and
         the Environmental Protection (Clearing of Native Vegetation) Regulations 2004.
         To meet its current operational requirements, BHP holds a multitude of approved
         environmental permits, some of which are listed below.
         -    18 Ministerial Statements
         -    31 Mining Proposals
         -    14 Environmental Operating Licences
         -    40 Environmental Management Plans
         -    60 Water Licences
         -    72 Native Vegetation Clearing Permits (NVCP) and 36 Programmes of Works
         -    6 Works approvals



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 32


         In addition to the approved environmental permits, BHP currently (as of 1 May 2022) has six
         applications for environmental permits currently under assessment with government. These
         include two NVCP amendments to allow for changes in the NVCP conditions; one Mining
         Proposal to lift the wall of the Mount Whaleback tailings storage facility; and three licence
         amendments to allow for changes in licence conditions.

1.12     Qualified Person’s conclusions and recommendations
         WAIO has a substantial Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves base supported by
         extensive sampling through exploration drilling and other geological information. The majority
         of the deposits are located within an area 250km long by 100km wide, close to existing
         infrastructure. This concentration of deposits provides the flexibility to add growth tonnes to
         existing hub infrastructure and link greenfields developments to an existing mainline rail. The
         large resource base is capable of supporting the current rate of production for several
         decades.
         WAIO has over 50 years of exploration and extraction experience on the property, which has
         been used to validate and calibrate the resource and reserve estimates. The high proportion
         of Indicated and Measured Resources and the reconciliation results give high confidence in
         the estimation and reporting of the Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves. As such, in the
         QP’s opinion, the estimates of WAIO Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are duly
         supported by adequate technical data and reasonable assumptions as stated in this report.
         WAIO has been undertaking some 450 to 500km of exploration drilling annually for the past
         few years to define resources and improve confidence in resource estimates. Similar
         amounts of annual exploration drilling are proposed in coming years, which the QP’s expect
         may mitigate risks associated with resource estimates.
         Mineral Resource confidence is reflected in the applied resource classification in accordance
         with the SEC S-K 1300, with factors influencing resource classification including but not
         limited to data density, data quality, geological continuity and/or complexity, estimation quality
         and weathering zones. Reconciliation data from operating mines supports the confidence of
         resource estimates.
         The generation and classification of Mineral Resource estimates, and their associated risks
         have been described in sufficient detail in this report. It is the QP’s opinion that any significant
         risks and uncertainties are addressed appropriately in the identification and compilation of
         Mineral Resources within BHP’s property portfolio. Conclusions are summarised as follows:

              •   Exploration drilling, sampling and QAQC of sample data follow standard industry
                  practice, with extensive data validations at each step of the data collection process.

              •   Geological models are generated and peer reviewed extensively, with models verified
                  by senior field and modelling geologists.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 33



              •   Resource estimates follow a rigorous process, with an ultimate extensive review by
                  the QP. Classification documentation is provided to describe all factors contributing
                  to the confidence in a resource estimate and the level of uncertainty present.
         Regular audits have upheld the quality of work performed in defining WAIO’s Mineral
         Resources and Mineral Reserves. Some minor recommendations are made to improve these
         works and address uncertainties as follows:

              •    Refinement of domain practices to fit geology, geometallurgy and grade continuity
                   purposes.

              •    Consideration of conditional simulation to identify areas of uncertainty and support
                   resource classification.
         The Mineral Reserves are classified in accordance with definitions set-out in S-K 1300 and
         were converted from Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources after application of
         modifying factors. No Mineral Reserves are derived from the Inferred Mineral Resources.
         Based on the high confidence in the modifying factors and the information presented in this
         report, the QPs are of opinion that the Mineral Reserves estimate is supported by adequate
         technical data and assumptions.
         Conclusions are summarised below:

              •   Historical demonstrated performance and robust reconciliation underpin the high
                  confidence technical modifying factors for Mineral Reserves.

              •   The mining method, assumptions and application of modifying factors are aligned to
                  the industry standard and appropriate for estimation and classification of Mineral
                  Reserves.

              •   Any significant risks or uncertainties are addressed appropriately in estimation of the
                  Mineral Reserves.
         For continuous improvement, the following recommendations should be implemented for
         future work:

              •   Continue to review and update the Mineral Reserve estimate at least on a yearly basis
                  or when new information becomes available that may materially impact the modifying
                  factors.

              •   Continuous review of the technical modifying factors considering emerging
                  technology, carbon emission control and technical studies outcomes.

              •   Periodical independent review of Mineral Reserves estimation methodology and
                  implementation of any identified recommendations from the review outcomes.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                          Page 34


2        Introduction

2.1      Registrant for Whom the Technical Report Summary was Prepared
         This Technical Report Summary was prepared for BHP Group Limited (BHP) (the registrant)
         to support its disclosure of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves on its production stage
         Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) property, located in the Pilbara region of the State of
         Western Australia (WA), Australia.
         WAIO comprises four main joint ventures (JV), namely Mount Newman, Jimblebar, Yandi
         and Mount Goldsworthy. BHP’s economic interest in each of these JVs is 85%, with Mitsui
         (Mitsui Iron Ore Corporation Pty Limited) and ITOCHU (Itochu Minerals and Energy of
         Australia Pty Limited) owning the remaining 15%. The JVs are unincorporated, except
         Jimblebar. In addition to these JVs, WAIO has a registered sublease in favour of a POSMAC
         JV (of which BHP and its JV partners along with a subsidiary of POSCO are participants).
         BHP’s economic interest in the POSMAC JV is 65%.
         WAIO is an integrated system of five open-cut mining hubs and four processing hubs as listed
         in Table 2-1. Location of the mining hubs and the main deposits within each hub are shown
         in Figure 3-2 (Section 3.1).
         Table 2-1: List of WAIO JVs, Mining and Processing Hubs
                Joint Venture               Processing                Mining Hub                           Main Mineral Deposits
                                               Hub
                                                                                               Mount Whaleback, Eastern Ridge,
               Mount Newman                   Newman
                                                                        Newman                 Shovelanna
                                             Operations
                                                                                               Western Ridge
                                                                                               South Jimblebar, Wheelarra,
                   Jimblebar                  Jimblebar                 Jimblebar
                                                                                               Hashimoto
                                                                                               Yandi (end-of-life ramp down
                     Yandi                       Yandi                     Yandi
                                                                                               started in July 2021)
             Mount Goldsworthy                                      Mining Area C              North Flank, Packsaddle
            (POSMAC JV holds a              Mining Area
                                                                                               South Flank (new mine, first
              sublease over the                  C                    South Flank
                                                                                               production started in May 2021)
             Mining Area C mine)



2.2      Terms of Reference and Purpose of the Report
         This Technical Report Summary was prepared in accordance with the Securities and
         Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-K (Title 17, Part 229, Items 601 and 1300 until
         1305) for the purpose of reporting WAIO’s iron ore Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves
         for the fiscal year ending on 30 June 2022. This report does not include any exploration
         results that are not part of WAIO’s Mineral Resources or Mineral Reserves.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                    30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 35


         WAIO is a large, long-life asset and has been producing direct shipping iron ore for export
         purposes since the late 1960’s. Based on an indicative life of asset plan which considers
         current Mineral Reserves as well as Mineral Resources yet to be converted to Mineral
         Reserves, WAIO is likely to continue production beyond 2050’s. Keeping such a long asset
         life in view, Mineral Reserves and associated cost assumptions stated in this report were
         estimated at the level of a Pre-Feasibility Study.
         Until the financial year ended 30 June 2021, BHP was reporting Ore (Mineral) Reserves for
         WAIO to the SEC under the Industry Guide 7 for inclusion in its Annual Report Form 20-F.
         This Technical Report Summary is submitted herewith to comply with Regulation S-K 1300,
         which came into effect on 1 January 2021.
         The effective date of this Technical Report Summary is 30 June 2022.

2.3      Sources of Information
         The information used in this report is obtained from sources available to WAIO and the
         broader BHP. Over the past 50 years of continuous iron ore mining operations in the Pilbara,
         WAIO has developed its systems, processes and standards for all aspects of mining
         internally, keeping pace with changing technologies for data collection, analysis,
         interpretation, geology / resource modelling and Mineral Resource / Mineral Reserve
         determination.
         All exploration information and data collection, geological interpretations and resource
         modelling supporting the estimation of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves contained
         in the report was undertaken internally by WAIO.
         Although several specialised teams and subject matter experts within WAIO and BHP have
         supplied information for the preparation of this report, relating to tenure / mineral rights, legal,
         mineral processing, marketing, environmental permitting and finance, the QP’s have
         reviewed the information and provided their opinion, where required, on the adequacy or
         reasonableness of such information.
         The QP’s have relied upon certain information related to legal, environmental, governmental,
         marketing and social engagements which were provided by BHP (details in Section 25).

2.4      Qualified Persons (QP’s) and Details of Personal Inspection

2.4.1    Details of Qualified Persons
         BHP has relied on the QP’s listed in Table 2-2 to estimate Mineral Resources and Mineral
         Reserves for this disclosure as well as prepare the supporting Technical Summary Report.
         All of them are full-time employees of BHP WAIO. The responsibility of each qualified person
         in preparation of this report is provided in Table 2-3.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                         Page 36


         Table 2-2: List of Qualified Persons
          Name of       Relation to           Qualification             Professional                No of years of        Responsible
          Qualified     registrant and                                  Organisation                Relevant              for the
          Person        their Role                                      and Membership              Experience            disclosure of
                        Full-time             Bachelor of                                                                 Mineral
                                                                                                    8 years in iron ore
                        employee /            Science (Hons)                                                              Resources –
          Fleur                                                         AusIMM / Member             out of total 31
                        Superintendent        Geology                                                                     All WAIO
          Muller                                                        (#204578)                   years in mineral
                        Strategic             (Australia)
                                                                                                    industry
                        Modelling
                        Full-time             B.Sc. Hons                                                                  Sections on
                        employee /            (Geology and                                          12 years in iron      Sampling and
          Ashley        Superintendent        Geophysics)               AusIMM / Member             ore out of total 28   Analysis and
          Grant         Geophysics and        and M. Phil               (# 3054201)                 years in mineral      Data
                        Geochemistry          (Geophysics)                                          industry              Verification
                                              (Australia)
                        Full-time             B.A.Sc. Mining                                                              Mineral
                                                                                                    10 years in iron
                        employee /            and Mineral                                                                 Reserves –
          Alex                                                          AusIMM / Member             ore out of total 24
                        Superintendent        Processing                                                                  Newman
          Greaves                                                       (#212009)                   years in mineral
                        Mine Planning         Engineering                                                                 Operations
                                                                                                    industry
                                              (Canada)
                        Full-time             Degree Mining                                                               Mineral
                                                                                                    8 years in iron ore
                        employee /            Engineering                                                                 Reserves –
          Anastasia                                                     AusIMM / Member             out of total 15
                        Superintendent        (Russia)                                                                    Mining Area C
          Balueva                                                       (#3049794)                  years in mineral
                        Mine Planning                                                                                     Hub including
                                                                                                    industry
                                                                                                                          South Flank
                        Full-time             Graduate                                                                    Mineral
                                                                        AusIMM /                    10 years in iron
                        employee /            Diploma Mining                                                              Reserves –
          Chris                                                         Chartered                   ore out of total 22
                        Superintendent        and Bachelor of                                                             Jimblebar Hub
          Burke                                                         Professional                years in mineral
                        Mine Planning         Surveying
                                                                        (#309508)                   industry
                                              (Australia)


         Table 2-3: Details of Sections each Qualified Person is Responsible for
          Qualified Person        List of Sections in the Technical Report Summary responsible for
          Fleur Muller            Sections 6, 7 and 11 in full and Sections 1-5, 10, 14, 17, 20-25 jointly with Mineral
                                  Reserve QPs
          Ashley Grant            Sections 8 and 9
          Alex Greaves            Sections 12, 13, 15, 16, 18 and 19 in full and Sections 1-5, 10, 14, 17, 20-25 jointly with
                                  Mineral Resource QP
          Anastasia Balueva       Sections 12, 13, 15, 16, 18 and 19 in full and Sections 1-5, 10, 14, 17, 20-25 jointly with
                                  Mineral Resource QP
          Chris Burke             Sections 12, 13, 15, 16, 18 and 19 in full and Sections 1-5, 10, 14, 17, 20-25 jointly with
                                  Mineral Resource QP




2.4.2    Details of Personal Inspections
         The QP’s are full-time employees of BHP and have inspected the sites under their
         responsibility regularly in the past years. COVID-19 restrictions permitting, each QP has
         visited the site at least once during FY2022.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                      30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 37


2.5      Report Version and Updates
         This is the first Technical Report Summary filed for the property and as such is not an update
         of a previous Technical Report Summary filed pursuant to SEC Regulation S-K (Title 17, Part
         229, Items 601 and 1300 until 1305). As already stated under Section 2.2 this report was
         prepared to report Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 38


3        Property Description

3.1      Location of the Property
         The WAIO property is an integrated system of five open-pit mining hubs and four processing
         hubs along with railways and port facilities, which spread over a geographical area 350km
         north-south and 250km east-west between the towns of Port Hedland and Newman in the
         Pilbara region of the State of Western Australia, Australia (Figure 3-1). Newman (Latitude:
         23°21'15" S, Longitude: 119°43'55" E) and Port Hedland (Latitude: 20°18'45" S, Longitude:
         118°34'50" E) are accessible by road via public highways and by air via commercial flights.
         Newman, established initially as a mining town in the 1960’s to service the Mount Whaleback
         mine, has grown since then and is currently the largest town in the Shire of East Pilbara.
         Newman and Port Hedland are located, respectively, at distances of approximately 1,000km
         north and 1,300km north of Perth, the capital city of WA.
         The central point location of the individual mining hubs is provided below.

              •   Newman:            Latitude: 23°21'40" South, Longitude: 119°40'15" East

              •   Jimblebar:         Latitude: 23°22'40" South, Longitude: 120°07'45" East

              •   Mining Area C: Latitude: 22°55'30" South, Longitude: 118°58'55" East

              •   South Flank: Latitude: 22°59'35" South, Longitude: 118°59'45" East

              •   Yandi:             Latitude: 22°43'15" South, Longitude: 119°05'15" East
         The WAIO operational areas are divided into six tenure regions as shown in Figure 3-1.
         Newman and Jimblebar mining hubs fall within the Eastern Pilbara region, Mining Area C and
         South Flank fall within the Central Pilbara region and Yandi falls within the Yandi region. The
         main deposits in each of the mining hubs are shown in Figure 3-2.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 39




         Figure 3-1: Location Map of the Property




         Figure 3-2: Main Deposits within the Mining Hubs



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 40


3.2      Area of the Property
         As of 30 June 2022, the total area with mineral rights held by WAIO is approximately
         4,523km2 in 54 mineral titles. Of this 2,678km2 is held in 8 mineral titles pursuant to 5 SA Acts
         of the State of Western Australia (WA) and the remaining area (1,845km2) is held in 46
         mineral titles regulated by the Mining Act, 1978 (WA) (Mining Act). All mining and mineral
         leases are granted with legal area in hectares, whereas some exploration licences are
         granted with legal area in square kilometers and others in graticular blocks (1 minute of
         latitude by 1 minute of longitude). Therefore, total areas stated above are an approximate
         calculation of individual titles in square kilometers.

3.3      Mineral Title, Claim, Mineral Right, Lease, or Option Disclosure
         As stated in the section above, BHP and its JV partners hold 54 mineral titles – 8 pursuant
         to the SA Acts and 46 pursuant to the Mining Act. These titles provide BHP and its JV
         partners, as the registered owners, the right to hold and operate the property.
         The number of each title and other required details are provided in Section 3.3.1 and 3.3.2.
         In addition to land held for mineral rights, BHP and its joint venture partners also hold several
         parcels of land for various infrastructure developments in connection with the WAIO mining
         operation. These are described in Section 3.3.3.

3.3.1    Mineral titles held under State Agreement Acts
         WAIO holds eight leases and operates under five SA Acts with respect to its operations.
         Between 1964 and 1991, these SA Acts were enacted by the Parliament of Western Australia
         to set out terms and conditions specifically for the long term and orderly development of iron
         ore in the eight mineral titles held by BHP and its JV partners in the Pilbara. The SA Acts and
         associated mineral titles (granted in the form of mining leases or mineral leases) are listed
         below.
              1. Iron Ore (Mount Newman) Agreement Act 1964 (WA) - ML244SA held by the Mount
                 Newman Joint Venture
              2. Iron Ore (Mount Goldsworthy) Agreement Act 1964 (WA) - ML235SA and ML249SA held by
                 the Mount Goldsworthy (Northern Areas) Joint Venture and ML281SA held by the Mount
                 Goldsworthy (Area C) Joint Venture
              3. Iron Ore (Goldsworthy-Nimingarra) Agreement Act 1972 (WA) - M263SA and ML251SA held
                 by the Mount Goldsworthy (Northern Areas) Joint Venture
              4. Iron Ore (McCamey’s Monster) Agreement Authorisation Act 1972 (WA) - M266SA held by
                 BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd
              5. Iron Ore (Marillana Creek) Agreement Act 1991 (WA) - M270SA held by the Yandi Joint
                 Venture

         Title number, name of registered holder(s) along with their interest, expiry date, legal area
         and associated annual payments (rent and rate) of each of these eight leases are provided


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                   Page 41


         in Table 3-1 and maps showing their location are provided in Figure 3-3, Figure 3-4 and
         Figure 3-5 in Section 3.3.4.
         Table 3-1: Details of leases held under State Agreement Acts
           Lease                                                                                           Legal area Annual Rent
                                                             (1)                                           (2)
          Number        Registered Tenement Holders / interest                    Start date Expiry date      (ha)     and Rate 4
         ML235SA     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                  5/08/1965     4/08/2028      4,142        $4,818
         ML244SA     BHP (85/100), Mitsui-Itochu (10/100), Itochu (5/100)          7/04/1967     6/04/2030     78,934     $116,342
         ML251SA     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                 22/09/1972   21/09/2035       1,300        $7,433
         ML249SA     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                  8/05/1974     4/08/2028     30,647       $36,618
         M266SA      BHP (100/100)3                                               11/10/1988   10/10/2030      51,756     $123,468
         M263SA      BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                 22/01/1989   21/09/2035      14,323     $325,346
         M270SA      BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                  4/09/1991     3/09/2033     30,344    $1,571,645
         ML281SA     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)                 26/04/2002     4/08/2028     56,335     $157,882

         Notes –
         (1) Full legal entity names of the registered tenement holders are: (i) BHP: BHP Minerals Pty Ltd, (ii)
             Mitsui-Itochu: Mitsui-Itochu Iron Pty Ltd, (iii) Itochu: Itochu Minerals & Energy of Australia Pty Ltd
             and (iv) Mitsui: Mitsui Iron Ore Corporation Pty Ltd.
         (2) All SA Act leases, except M270SA, have right to successive renewals of 21 years each. M270SA
             has right to only two renewals, each for 21 years ultimately expiring in 2054. The lease will then
             revert to Mining Act and BHP will need to engage with the State Government before the expiry to
             renegotiate the terms of the SA Act. The QPs have assumed that WAIO will continue to have
             mineral rights in M270SA after 2054.
         (3) BHP Iron Ore (Jimblebar) Pty Ltd (BHPIOJ), a subsidiary of BHP Minerals Pty Ltd (BHPM), is the
             sole registered holder of M266SA. In 2013, BHPM entered into an incorporated Joint Venture
             (Jimblebar IJV) with Itochu and Mitsui in respect of the Jimblebar mining hub, owned by BHPIOJ.
             The Jimblebar IJV is structured so that BHPM, Itochu and Mitsui hold A Class Shares in BHPIOJ,
             which confer an 85:8:7 economic interest, respectively in the “Jimblebar Assets”, being certain
             assets of BHPIOJ including the Jimblebar mine. BHPIOJ also owns other assets, called “Excluded
             Assets”, in which BHPM alone holds a 100% economic interest through B Class Shares in
             BHPIOJ. In 2021, one of these Excluded Assets, namely Western Ridge, was also transferred
             from BHP Class Shares to A Class Shares.
         (4) Statutory Rents and Rates are paid annually to the State Government and the Local
             Government/Shire respectively. These have been paid for the year ending 30 June 2022.

3.3.2    Mineral titles with mineral rights held under the Mining Act 1978
         As of 30 June 2022, BHP and its joint venture partners held a total of 46 mineral titles granted
         pursuant to the Mining Act, 1978 (WA). Of these, 18 are mining leases (M leases) with mining
         rights and 28 are exploration / prospecting licences (E/P licences) with exploration rights. The
         Mining Act allows the holder to apply to the State Government for the conversion of an E/P
         licence to one or more M Lease(s) with a mining proposal supported by mineralisation.
         Accordingly, BHP has made 102 Mining Lease applications to convert some of the granted
         E licences, which are all pending with the State Government.
         Of these 46 titles, BHP and its JV partners are the registered holders for 31 and BHP is the
         sole registered holder for the remaining 15.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3               30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                                         Page 42


         Title number, name of registered holder(s) along with their interest, expiry date, legal area,
         associated annual payments (applicable rent and rate) and minimum annual expenditure of
         each of these titles are provided in Table 3-2 and maps showing their location are provided
         in Figure 3-3, Figure 3-4 and Figure 3-5 (see Section 3.3.4).
         Table 3-2: List of leases/licences with mineral rights held under the Mining Act 1978
          Tenement                                                                                        Legal      Unit of   Annual Rent Minimum Annual
           Number         Registered Tenement holders(1) / interest          Start date Expiry date (2)   area      measure     and Rate 3  Expenditure
         E47/13-I     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             4/10/1982   3/10/2022       128.50     km2          $33,414        $100,000
         E47/14-I     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             4/10/1982   3/10/2022       129.50     km2          $29,603        $100,000
         E47/15-I     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             4/10/1982   3/10/2022       129.50     km2          $35,473        $100,000
         E47/16-I     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             4/10/1982   3/10/2022        75.15     km2          $19,121        $100,000
         E47/17-I     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             4/10/1982   3/10/2022        56.98     km2          $15,559        $100,000
         E52/21-I     BHP (100/100)                                           20/08/1984  19/08/2022        22.20     km2            $5,685       $100,000
         E52/23-I     BHP (100/100)                                           20/08/1984  19/08/2022        30.00     km2            $6,658       $100,000
         E45/1072-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            29/05/1991  28/05/2023       137.22     km2          $32,985        $100,000
         E45/1073-I   BHP (100/100)                                           26/09/1991  25/09/2022       131.60     km2          $36,033        $100,000
         E45/1074-I   BHP (100/100)                                           26/09/1991  25/09/2022       132.70     km2          $36,305        $100,000
         E47/628-I    BHP (100/100)                                            4/05/1993   3/05/2023            6   BLOCK            $4,777        $70,000
         M45/558      BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            24/06/1993  23/06/2035       193.20      ha            $9,789        $19,400
         M45/573      BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            24/06/1993  23/06/2035        74.46      ha            $3,839        $10,000
         M45/592      BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            20/09/1993  19/09/2035        35.00      ha            $1,838        $10,000
         M45/594      BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            20/09/1993  19/09/2035        53.49      ha            $2,788        $10,000
         E47/1222-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            11/06/2003  10/06/2023           70   BLOCK          $56,457        $210,000
         E47/1239-I   BHP (100/100)                                           17/02/2004  16/02/2023           11   BLOCK            $8,710        $70,000
         M45/1015-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            14/06/2005  13/06/2026       660.00      ha          $33,093         $66,000
         M45/1016-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            14/06/2005  13/06/2026       976.80      ha          $48,945         $97,700
         M45/1017-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            14/06/2005  13/06/2026       724.00      ha          $36,293         $72,400
         M45/1018-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            14/06/2005  13/06/2026       102.55      ha            $5,239        $10,300
         M45/1019-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            14/06/2005  13/06/2026       535.65      ha          $26,892         $53,600
         E52/1776-I   BHP (100/100)                                            7/10/2005   6/10/2022            8   BLOCK            $6,196        $70,000
         E47/1429-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            29/01/2007  28/01/2023           70   BLOCK          $56,509        $210,000
         E47/1540-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            21/04/2007  20/04/2023           38   BLOCK          $29,435        $114,000
         E47/1870-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            20/11/2009  19/11/2023            1   BLOCK            $1,669        $20,000
         E52/2591-I   BHP (100/100)                                           14/03/2011  13/03/2023            3   BLOCK            $2,746        $50,000
         P47/1611-I   BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            21/12/2011  20/12/2023        56.17      ha              $903         $2,280
         E52/2009-I   BHP (85/100), Mitsui-Itochu (10/100), Itochu (5/100)    27/05/2013  26/05/2023            8   BLOCK            $5,701        $70,000
         E47/1587-I   BHP (100/100)                                            1/05/2014  30/04/2023           35   BLOCK          $27,111        $105,000
         M47/683-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035       945.69      ha          $55,861         $94,600
         M47/684-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035       886.33      ha          $52,383         $88,700
         M47/685-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035       990.08      ha          $58,514         $99,100
         M47/686-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035       630.23      ha          $37,290         $63,100
         M47/687-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035       821.67      ha          $48,551         $82,200
         M47/688-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035       703.11      ha          $41,594         $70,400
         M47/689-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035       139.38      ha            $8,342        $14,000
         M47/690-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035        40.20      ha            $2,505        $10,000
         M47/691-I    BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)             6/06/2014   5/06/2035       287.64      ha          $17,068         $28,800
         E47/3238-I   BHP (100/100)                                           16/11/2015  15/11/2025           32   BLOCK          $26,367        $108,000
         E47/3275-I   BHP (100/100)                                           17/12/2015  16/12/2025            6   BLOCK            $3,411        $50,000
         E52/3360-I   BHP (100/100)                                           22/04/2016  21/04/2026            1   BLOCK            $1,121        $15,000
         E52/3361-I   BHP (100/100)                                           22/04/2016  21/04/2026            5   BLOCK            $2,505        $30,000
         E52/3448-I   BHP (100/100)                                           20/12/2016  19/12/2026            4   BLOCK            $2,147        $30,000
         E52/3456-I   BHP (100/100)                                           24/01/2017  23/01/2027            6   BLOCK            $2,863        $50,000
         E47/4245     BHP (85/100), Itochu (8/100), Mitsui (7/100)            15/12/2020  14/12/2025            1   BLOCK              $639        $10,000


         Notes –
         (1) Full legal entity names for the registered tenement holders are: (i) BHP: BHP Minerals Pty Ltd, (ii)
             Itochu: Itochu Minerals and Energy of Australia Pty Ltd and (iii) Mitsui: Mitsui Iron Ore Corporation
             Pty Ltd.
         (2) All M leases have one right of renewal for 21 years each, but subsequent renewals are subject to
             Ministerial discretion. The E/P licences can be renewed for one year at a time at the discretion of
             the State Government. The QP’s have assumed WAIO will lodge the renewal applications to the
             State Government as per the timeframe specified under the Mining Act. The State Government
             has renewed the term in all cases of renewal applications by WAIO in the past.


                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                            30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 43


         (3) Statutory Rents and Rates are paid annually to the State Government and the Local
              Government/Shire respectively. These have been paid for the year ending 30 June 2022.

3.3.3    Licences held under the Mining Act 1978 for infrastructure purposes
         In addition to land held for mineral rights as detailed in Sections 3.3.2 and 3.3.3, BHP and its
         joint venture partners also hold a large number of Miscellaneous Licences and General
         Purpose Leases pursuant to the applicable SA Act for other mining related purposes. The
         Miscellaneous Licences are mainly granted for various infrastructure purposes for continued
         mining operations under the SA Acts (e.g., power lines, groundwater monitoring, aerodromes
         and access roads), whereas the General Purpose Leases are granted for uses such as
         accommodation, plant sites, stock piles and overburden storage. These tenure types are
         granted for purposes in connection with the iron ore mining operations and ore extraction
         pursuant to the applicable SA Acts.

3.3.4    Maps showing Location of Various Mineral Titles
         The maps showing location of mineral titles held under the SA Acts and the Mining Act in
         each region are provided Figure 3-3, Figure 3-4 and Figure 3-5 below.




         Figure 3-3: Location Map of leases held in Eastern Pilbara Region




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 44




         Figure 3-4: Location Map of leases held in Central Pilbara and Yandi Regions




         Figure 3-5: Location Map of leases held in Western and North East Pilbara Regions



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 45


3.4      Description of Mineral Rights and How They Were Obtained

3.4.1    Mineral Rights for the leases held under the State Agreement Acts
         As mentioned earlier, five SA Acts were enacted by the Parliament of Western Australia
         between 1964 and 1991 to set out terms and conditions specifically for the long term and
         orderly development of iron ore in eight leases held by BHP and its JV partners in the Pilbara.
         There are well-defined processes for exercising mineral rights and operating within the leases
         that comprise each of the SA Acts. These processes include the requirement for approval of
         an initial Proposal before mining, processing and transport of iron ore can commence.
         Likewise, any significant modification, expansion or variation in such activities requires
         approval by way of an Additional Proposal.
         Proposals approved under the SA Acts are a binding commitment between the State and the
         relevant lease holders and provide long-term security to the tenure and thereby the rights to
         mine. The approvals are granted by the Government Minister responsible for SA Acts and
         will remain current whilst operations are actively conducted. The SA Acts, which are ratified
         by the relevant Act, provide security for the renewal of tenure for the life of the operations.
         The only exception to this is M270SA, under the Iron Ore (Marillana Creek) Agreement Act
         1991, which has the right to only two renewals, each for 21 years, ultimately expiring in 2054.
         The lease will then revert to the Mining Act and BHP will need to engage with the State
         Government before the expiry to renegotiate the terms of the SA Act. For the purpose of this
         report, the QPs have assumed that WAIO would renegotiate and continue to have mineral
         rights in M270SA after 2054.
         In addition to approvals under the relevant SA Act, WAIO requires a range of approvals under
         Western Australian and Commonwealth environmental and other legislation to enable the
         ongoing operation and further development of its mineral rights (for details see Section 17).
         The QPs have assumed that WAIO would obtain these approvals aligned with the business
         development strategy in a timely manner.
         Mineral rights for the SA Act leases were obtained initially as Temporary Reserves (TR’s)
         through application under the Mining Act 1904 (WA) (Repealed) to the State Government
         dating back to the 1960’s, long before the enactment of the Mining Act, 1978 (WA). BHP was
         first in time to apply for the TR’s and was granted these tenements following lifting of an
         export embargo on iron ore by the Australian Federal Government in late 1960, and the
         decision of the Western Australian Government in early 1961 to grant iron ore tenements (in
         the form of TRs).
         The area that can be held pursuant to each SA Act Mineral / Mining Lease is limited to
         777km2, with the ability to increase the size to 1,000km2 subject to consent of the Government
         of Western Australia. This gives BHP the ability to apply for inclusion of exploration and



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 46


         mining tenements previously held under the Mining Act into SA Act leases (subject to the
         area limit) providing long-term tenure security and right to mine.
         WAIO has a large Mineral Reserve and Mineral Resource (exclusive of Mineral Reserves)
         base as at 30 June 2022 as detailed in Section 12.2.5 and 11.2.5. All Mineral Reserves and
         86% of Mineral Resources are located on these eight leases held pursuant to the SA Acts
         (and the remaining 14% are located on the 46 tenements held pursuant to the Mining Act).
         Based on an indicative life of asset plan which considers current Mineral Reserves as well
         as Mineral Resources yet to be converted to Mineral Reserves, WAIO is likely to continue
         production beyond 2050’s.

3.4.2    Mineral Rights for the leases / licences held under the Mining Act 1978
         As stated in Section 3.3.2, as at 30 June 2022 BHP and its JV partners held 46 tenements
         granted pursuant to the Mining Act – 18 M leases, 27 E licences and 1 P licence. In WA,
         exploration / prospecting licences (i.e E/P licences) and mining leases (i.e M leases) are
         applied for and granted to the applicant(s) under the process set out in the Mining Act 1978
         (WA) and Mining Regulations 1981. Under provisions of these, the tenement holder is
         required to meet terms and conditions of the grant including payment of applicable rents and
         rates as well as annual minimum expenditure and exploration reporting.
         The exploration licences entitle the holder to explore for minerals for a period of five years
         initially, which can be renewed for one year at a time at the discretion of the State
         Government. If sufficient mineralisation is found on an exploration licence, the holder has the
         right to apply to the State for grant of its conversion to a mining lease under the Mining Act
         1978 (WA).
         The mining leases are granted for an initial period of 21 years and entitle the holder to work
         and mine the land, take and remove minerals, and do all of the things necessary to effectively
         carry out mining operations in, on or under the land, subject to the conditions of title. The
         mining leases have one right of renewal for 21 years but subsequent renewals are subject to
         Ministerial discretion.
         Retention of these licences / leases under the Mining Act 1978 (WA) is subject to payment
         of annual rents/rates, lodgment of prescribed annual exploration reports detailing work
         completed over the 12-month anniversary period and meeting prescribed annual minimum
         expenditure commitments (unless granted exemption from all or part of the commitment).
         WAIO has met these requirements for the year ended on 30 June 2022.
         In BHP’s case it also has the right to make application to roll in the ground covered by an
         exploration licence, mining lease or any mining tenement under the Mining Act, to one of the
         8 leases held under BHP’s SA Acts for long-term tenure security. Roll-ins are subject to
         Ministerial approval and there are limits on the land area which can be held under each SA



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 47


         Act. Mining leases must be held by BHP pursuant to SA Acts prior to approval of a Proposal
         for commencement of any iron ore mining development and ore extraction.
         Out of 46 exploration licences and mining leases currently held by WAIO (Table 3-2 in
         Section 3.3.2), 21 were a result of conversion of land initially held as Temporary Reserves
         granted to BHP and its joint ventures under the Mining Act 1904 (WA)(Repealed). The
         introduction of the Mining Act, 1978 provided for the holders of Temporary Reserves to apply
         to transition to new tenure granted under the Mining Act, 1978. The remaining 25 tenements,
         mostly E licences with start dates after 2000, were obtained either through application over
         vacant land or outright purchase from previous tenement holders.
         As at 30 June 2022, only 14% of WAIO’s total Mineral Resources (exclusive of Mineral
         Reserves) were situated on all 46 mineral titles held pursuant to the Mining Act. Although
         exploration activities are continuing on these tenements, these resources are scheduled
         towards the back end of the life of asset plan. BHP intends to include eligible tenements into
         leases held under the SA Acts for long-term tenure security and prior to approval for
         undertaking any iron ore mining operations and ore extraction. As such in the QPs’ opinion
         this small amount of Mineral Resource located in tenure held under the Mining Act does not
         pose any material risk to WAIO’s life of asset plan.

3.5      Significant Encumbrances
         The QPs are not aware of any significant encumbrances to the property, including current
         and future permitting requirements and associated timelines or permit conditions.

3.6      Other Significant Factors and Risks
         In order to extract the entire Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources on the BHP leases
         BHP will be required to renew or obtain new or additional permits and approvals for certain
         extraction activities that will occur in future. While there is no guarantee that those approvals
         will be obtained, or that they will be obtained on commercially acceptable terms, based on
         past practice, the QPs have assumed for the purpose of this report that all material approvals
         will be sought and obtained in a timely manner as part of the normal course of business.
         However, if there are any significant unforeseen delays in obtaining these approvals, this
         could potentially impact the production schedule and therefore the cash flow presented with
         associated costs contained in this report could change.
         The QPs have also assumed that BHP will renew material leases, permits and licenses as
         required from time to time.
         Pursuant to the new Aboriginal Cultural Heritage Act 2021 (WA), BHP cannot rely solely on
         the consents to BHP’s operations, provided under the existing comprehensive and project
         agreements, as authorising impacts on aboriginal cultural heritage. The Act will require on-
         going consultations between BHP and the traditional owners as new information on heritage


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 48


         becomes available through ethnological and archaeological surveys. BHP’s relationships
         with the traditional owner groups established and maintained through the existing
         agreements should facilitate these on-going consultations, however there is no guarantee
         that all land with mineral rights will be accessible for mining and extraction of ore and there
         is no way to quantify in advance how much ore will be inaccessible. Based on BHP’s existing
         relationships with the traditional owner groups and recent experience in dealing with similar
         situations, in the QP’s opinion WAIO should be in a position to make changes to the mine
         plans to mitigate any impacts.
         Many of WAIO’s current and future mining areas involve mining below water table (BWT) in
         order to fully realise the reserves/resources. This requires the water table to be lowered prior
         to mining through a dewatering process which generates a volume of surplus water which
         needs to be disposed of. If any environmental constraints related to future dewatering
         operations are identified, this may lead to restrictive licence conditions and impact the ability
         to conduct below water table mining.

3.7      Royalty or Similar Interest held by Registrant
         In addition to being the majority owner of the property, BHP holds one royalty stream which
         entitles BHP to earn royalty income in relation to ore produced only from Mining Area C and
         South Flank. This royalty stream contributed 0.1% of FOB revenue in FY2022.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 49


4        Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources, Infrastructure, and Physiography

4.1      Topography, Elevation, and Vegetation
         WAIO’s mining operations are all located in the eastern Hamersley Ranges of the Pilbara
         region of WA. This area is marked mostly by gentle undulating topography with several
         narrow ranges and isolated hills representing the resistant units of the banded iron
         formations. The elevation above ground level averages around 300m for most areas. The
         general ground level varies between 550m and 650m above sea level, whereas the highest
         points on the ranges and hills reach up to 850 to 900m above sea level.
         Several networks of creeks and smaller tributaries traverse WAIO tenement areas and drain
         north-eastwards, ultimately joining the Fortescue River at different points. Most of these
         drainages are ephemeral and carry water only during short periods of heavy rainfall. A few of
         the creeks are also spring-fed and flow for relatively longer periods.
         Arid grasses and shrubs are found widely throughout the Pilbara. Hummock grasslands are
         the most extensive vegetation type with some significant areas of tussock grassland, acacia
         woodland and open woodland. Smaller areas of chenopod shrub land and eucalypt woodland
         occur primarily on floodplains and along drainage lines.

4.2      Means of Access
         The Great Northern Highway runs through the Newman town and parts of WAIO tenure and
         provides road access to the property from Perth and other regional towns, as shown in
         Figure 3-1. Newman town, located within 5km of the Newman mine, also has a commercial
         airport. Other mining hubs are accessible from the Great Northern Highway mainly through
         WAIO’s own service roads, which were built over time as part of mine development work. In
         addition to road access and commercial flight access to Newman, WAIO has its own private
         airports at Mining Area C and Yandi and operates regular charter flights to transport fly-in fly-
         out mine personnel and supplies.
         WAIO also has an existing network of railway lines for transporting iron ore from its
         processing hubs to its own port facilities located at Port Hedland (details in Section 15.1).
         The town of Port Hedland is accessible by road from Perth, via the Northwest Coastal
         Highway, and it also has a commercial airport.

4.3      Climate and Length of Operating Season
         The Pilbara region is marked by an arid and tropical climate, with two very distinct seasons
         – summer (November to April) and winter (May to October). Temperatures range from below
         5°C in winter to over 40°C in summer. During the summer months, maximum temperatures
         exceed 32°C almost every day and temperatures in excess of 45°C are not uncommon.
         Winter minimum temperatures in the Pilbara drop below 10°C on most days and occasionally
         to as low as 0°C, but with no impact on the operations.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 50


         The average annual rainfall range is between 200 and 350 millimeters. Almost all the rainfall
         occurs between December and May, usually as occasional heavy downpours associated with
         thunderstorms or tropical cyclones and mainly affecting the coastal areas of the Pilbara. The
         June to November period is usually dry, with warm to very hot and sunny conditions.
         However, water for mining operations and other activities is mostly extracted from ground
         water sources.
         Various parts of the Pilbara are subject to tropical cyclones, mainly during the period of
         October to April. Depending on their intensity and location of impact, cyclones may lead, and
         in the past have at times led, to temporary closures of mining, railway and port operations. A
         total of seven days has been built into the annual production plan to account for such
         interruptions due to extreme weather conditions.

4.4      Availability of and Sources of Required Infrastructure
         Reliable sources of water, electricity, personnel and supplies are already established by
         WAIO for its operations, as currently planned.

4.4.1    Sources of Water
         The source of water for all WAIO mines, process plants and mine camps is ground water.
         Water supply is drawn from BHP-managed bore fields around mine sites established by
         WAIO under license for its operations and mine camps. For mines and plants, operational
         water supply comes primarily from dewatering borefields with separate supply borefields and
         infrastructure used for drinking water. Standalone water supply bores are used to support
         exploration and construction projects away from mines, including a network of supply bores
         along the rail network. Port Hedland operations are supplied with water under contract from
         the municipal provider, and this water is sourced from nearby coastal aquifers.

4.4.2    Sources of Electricity
         WAIO owns and operates a natural gas fired power plant (Yarnima Power Station, in Newman
         town), with an installed generator capacity of 190 megawatts. The plant supplies the entire
         power requirement for all its mining and processing facilities as well as mine camps. WAIO
         mines and Newman township typically consume about 80 – 100 MW of power on average,
         with peak demand reaching 130 to 140 MW.
         Power consumed for WAIO’s port operations at Port Hedland is purchased via a power
         purchase agreement with Alinta Energy, a large energy supplier in Australia. WAIO’s port
         operations typically consume about 37 MW on average, peaking at 70 MW.

4.4.3    Personnel
         WAIO relies mainly on a fly-in-fly-out (FIFO) workforce sourced primarily from within WA
         (Perth and other regional towns) and to a lesser extent from other eastern states in Australia.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 51


         The Newman town is capable of housing a small number of workers with most of those
         employed at the Newman Operations. All fly-in-fly-out personnel work on rosters. WAIO
         operates charters flights from Perth to ferry personnel to various mine sites. Personnel also
         use commercial flights to Newman and Port Hedland. While on mine site, personnel reside
         in the fully serviced FIFO camps.

4.4.4    Supplies
         BHP encourages local buying where possible, however supplies from the Newman town are
         very limited. Most supplies are sourced from Perth or the eastern States and transported to
         mine sites by road or by air.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 52


5        History

5.1      Previous Operations
         BHP and its joint ventures / associates were first movers into the Pilbara and have been
         operating this property from the very beginning of the Pilbara iron ore mining industry in the
         1960’s.
         In 1966, BHP’s joint venture partner, Goldsworthy Mining Limited (GML), was the first
         company to develop an iron ore mine in the Pilbara. This mine, Mount Goldsworthy (closed
         in 1982), was located relatively close to the port at the Port Hedland (about 100km to the
         west) and production was for export. This iron ore deposit was located in the North East
         Pilbara region (see Figure 3-1). BHP was initially a joint venture partner in GML but acquired
         full ownership in 1990. Since the 1960’s, BHP has been exploring, developing and extracting
         iron ore at gradually increasing rates of production to keep pace with global sea-borne market
         demands.
         In 1969, BHP developed the Mount Whaleback deposit at Newman, for export purposes, as
         a part of the Mount Newman Mining Joint Venture (NJV). The majority ownership of NJV was
         acquired by BHP in 1986. In the 1960’s and 1970’s, generally, Japanese contracts
         underwrote the development of the BHP iron ore mines. Later on, BHP entered into similar
         contracts with other growing Asian countries like South Korea.
         The next major mine development by BHP was at Yandi in 1991, and this led to a growth
         phase for BHP. In 1992, BHP acquired the Jimblebar deposits located approximately 40km
         east of Newman. In the 1990’s, subleases tied to ore purchase agreements by a Chinese
         consortium over part of the Jimblebar deposits and by South Korea’s POSCO for the C
         Deposit at Mining Area C helped boost BHP’s annual production rates.
         The growth of BHP’s iron ore production from early 2000’s has been mainly driven by
         increase demand resulting from the industrial expansion in mainland China, where steel
         production and consumption have increased significantly.
         BHP’s iron ore production has increased from about the 20 Mtpa rate in the 1990’s to
         approximately 249 Mtpa (283 Mtpa on 100% basis) in FY2022. The production history for the
         last 10 years is shown in Table 5-1.
         Table 5-1: Production history of WAIO for the last 10 years
                                                      Financial Year-wise Production (in million tonnes)
          Financial Year               2013       2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021                     2022
          On Ownership basis            159        193    218    221    231    238      238     248    252     249
          On 100% basis                 187        225    253    257    268    275      270     281    249     283

         BHP’s current production comes from five mining hubs, Newman and Jimblebar located in
         the Eastern Pilbara region; and Mining Area C, South Flank and Yandi located in the Central


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 53


         Pilbara and Yandi regions (see Figure 3-1). The first production from South Flank started in
         May 2021 and it is currently in a ramp-up stage to reach its expected full capacity of 80 Mtpa.
         After producing more than 1.3 billion tonnes of CID ore since the Yandi operations
         commenced in 1991, its end-of-life production ramp down, closure and decommissioning of
         associated infrastructure started in July 2021 and has continued in 2022. A lower level of
         production from Yandi is expected to continue for a few more years. Once the Yandi mine is
         fully exhausted, some of the Yandi processing facilities are likely to be used to process feed
         from nearby deposits. The new South Flank mine is expected to gradually replace the Yandi
         production volume in the coming years.

5.2      Exploration and Development by Previous Owners or Operators
         Although the Pilbara’s potential as a source of iron ore was known in the late 19th century,
         its true potential was recognised only in the late 1950’s, following the initial discoveries by
         A.S. (Stan) Hilditch (discoverer of the BHP-owned Mount Whaleback and surrounding
         satellite deposits in 1957) and the activities of L.G. (Lang) Hancock. The lifting of an export
         embargo on iron ore by the Federal Government in late 1960, and the decision of the Western
         Australian Government in early 1961 to grant iron ore tenements (in the form of Temporary
         Reserves) led to an upsurge in exploration which subsequently established the Pilbara as
         one of the world's major iron ore provinces, due to development and mining operations by
         BHP and others.
         All the exploration and development work on the property, starting in the 1960’s has been
         undertaken by BHP and details are presented in Section 7.2.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 54


6        Geological Setting, Mineralisation, and Deposit

6.1      Regional Geology
         The WAIO property is located in the Hamersley Province of the Pilbara craton, situated in the
         northwest of Western Australia, and is one of the world’s premier iron ore regions. It covers
         an area of 80,000km2 and contains late Archaean to early Proterozoic-age (2,800-2,300
         million years) sediments of the Mount Bruce Supergroup (Figure 6-1).
         The Hamersley Group forms the central part of the Mount Bruce Supergroup and is
         conformable with both the underlying Fortescue Group and overlying Turee Creek Group
         (Harmsworth et al., 1990). It is a 2.5km thick sequence of dominantly deep-water chemical
         sediments, with subordinate turbiditic sediments and various intrusive and extrusive rocks.
         Sediments include (in approximate order of decreasing abundance) banded iron formation
         (BIF), shale, dolomite derived from peri-platformal ooze, chert, pyroclastic shale and tuff,
         turbiditic carbonate and turbiditic volcanics. The stratigraphic column for the Hamersley
         Province is shown in Figure 6-2. The banded iron formations in the Hamersley Group mostly
         stand out as topographic highs of the Hamersley Ranges of the Pilbara.
         The Hamersley Province overall can be considered as two structurally distinct regions:

              •   a northern / northwest region of mild deformation typified by shallow, open folds with
                  a west to northwest trend;
              •   a southern region displaying more intense deformation where the major iron deposits
                  occur; this latter area can be further subdivided into a southwestern area dominated
                  by en echelon type open folds, and a south-eastern area dominated by recumbent E-
                  W trending folds.
         Within the BIFs of the Hamersley Group there are two main iron-bearing stratigraphic
         sequences (Figure 6-2) which host the major bedded ore deposits: Brockman Iron Formation
         (BKM IF) and Marra Mamba Iron Formation (MM IF) (Trendall and Blockley, 1970). The BKM
         IF varies considerably in thickness from about 500m at Paraburdoo and in the Newman area,
         to about 620m at Mt Tom Price. The thickness of MM IF also varies and can be up to 220m
         thick. The majority of the mines in the Pilbara extract iron ore from deposits hosted by either
         BKM IF or MM IF.
         On the northern margin of the Archaean Pilbara Craton, in the North East Pilbara (Figure 6-1),
         the Nimingarra (NIM) Iron Formation hosts the Yarrie-Nimingarra iron ore deposits, now
         mostly mined out.
         Another important iron bearing sequence is the Marillana Formation (Figure 6-4). This hosts
         the fluviatile Channel Iron Deposits (CID) of late Eocene to early Miocene age, with their
         distinctive pisolitic structures and fossilised wood fragments (Ramanaidou et al., 2003). The
         CID mineralisation at Yandi was a major source of WAIO’s iron ore production for the last 30
         years but has now been mostly mined out.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 55


         In addition to the CIDs, younger detrital sequences form colluvial-alluvial fans adjacent to
         some bedded iron deposits, with the chemical composition of the fans reflecting that of the
         source material. These are termed Detrital Iron Deposits (DID) (Kneeshaw and Morris, 2014).
         Despite their widespread occurrence, mining of these DIDs is very limited and mostly
         opportunistic where they are mineralised.
         A schematic structural relationship of the various ore types in the southeast Pilbara is
         presented in Figure 6-3.




         Figure 6-1: Regional Geology Map of the Pilbara Craton showing the Hamersley Province




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 56




         Figure 6-2: Hamersley Province Stratigraphic Column including that for Local Geology


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 57




         Figure 6-3: Schematic Structural Relationship of Various Ore Types of South East Pilbara




         Figure 6-4: Marillana Formation – Stratigraphic Column and Schematic Long Section



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 58


6.2      Local Geology and Mineral Deposits
         Most of WAIO’s iron ore deposits, including all those which are currently under active mining,
         are spread over an area of approximately 200km E-W x 100km N-S in the eastern part of the
         vast Hamersley Province (Figure 6-1). This area has been broadly sub-divided into three
         geographical regions, namely Eastern Pilbara, Central Pilbara and Yandi as shown in
         Figure 6-5. Footprints of the main mineral deposits in the five active mining hubs are also
         shown in Figure 6-5 and the local geology of each of the deposits is described in the following
         sections.




         Figure 6-5: Index Map showing Geographical Regions and Operating Mining Hubs

6.2.1    Eastern Pilbara Region – Deposits in the Newman Area
         WAIO’s Newman tenure extends approximately 60km E-W and 15km N-S and is located
         close to the eastern end of the Hamersley Province near the town of Newman (Figure 6-1).
         This area hosts the world-class Mount Whaleback BKM deposit which was the first major iron
         ore mine for BHP and has been in production since 1969. The Eastern Ridge, Western Ridge
         and Shovelanna deposits located in the Newman area are also currently under active mining
         and feed into the Newman processing hub.
         The outcrop in the Newman area is dominated by iron formations, with the BKM IF forming
         prominent ranges of hills and the MM IF having a more subdued topographic expression. The
         intervening Wittenoom Formation is typically deeply eroded and overlain by a mix of
         Mesozoic to Cenozoic sedimentary rocks.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 59


         The BKM IF crops out more or less continuously, with a west northwesterly strike, over the
         entire 60km length of WAIO tenure (the Ophthalmia Range). Apparent sinistral offset on a
         subvertical, NNE-trending fault (called Fortescue River Fault) divides the range into two
         geologically coherent blocks (Figure 6-6). At the western end of the range, late normal
         movement on WNW-trending, moderately S-dipping faults (e.g., Homestead and Pika Faults)
         has resulted in duplication of the BKM IF and MM IF within the Ophthalmia Range. A further
         belt of BKM IF and MM IF stratigraphy strikes northwest through the town of Newman, and
         BKM IF dominates the remaining hilly areas, known as the Western Ridge and the Eastern
         Ridge. This entire block has been downthrown, relative to the Ophthalmia Range
         stratigraphy, by late normal movement on the NE-trending, moderately SE-dipping
         Whaleback Fault.
         While the fault architecture controls the distribution of BIFs, the outcrop pattern is dominated
         by regional-scale, north-verging to recumbent folds that plunge gently to the west northwest.
         These are superimposed on an earlier generation of meso-scale folds, also consistently
         north-verging and WNW-plunging, that are particularly clear in outcrop in the Eastern Ridge
         area. The youngest generation of folds are upright, open folds with axes that trend NW to
         NE.




         Figure 6-6: Geology Map for Eastern Pilbara Region – Newman Deposits



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 60


         Mount Whaleback – The Mount Whaleback deposit is in production, and is located
         approximately 5km west of Newman (Figure 6-6). This is the only deposit in the WAIO
         portfolio to be dominated by the hypogene martite-microplaty hematite (M-mplH) style of
         mineralisation (see Section 6.3) and as a result the resource is particularly high-grade and
         ‘clean’. Mineralisation is hosted by a doubly-plunging pair of synclines of BKM IF and extends
         for approximately 5.5km E-W, 1.7km N-S and to a depth of 470m (Figure 6-7). The BIF has
         been down-faulted against the Jeerinah Formation by late normal movement on the NE-
         trending Whaleback Fault. Low-angle faults, such as the Central Fault and Eastern Footwall
         Fault, appear to have acted as local feeder conduits for the hydrothermal fluids. The upper
         surface of the hypogene mineralisation is subhorizontal and transgressive to the stratigraphy
         (Dales Gorge and Joffre Members, Whaleback Shale). The Mount McRae Shale forms the
         stratigraphic base of the orebody. A thin blanket of M-G mineralisation (see Section 6.3) was
         originally present and mantled the top of Mount Whaleback, but this has long since been
         mined out. Overall, this deposit is high-grade and the mineralisation has a natural cut-off of
         50% Fe.




         Figure 6-7: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Mount Whaleback (a BKM deposit)



         Western Ridge – The Western Ridge deposit is under development as a sustaining mine.
         The Hamersley Group rocks of the Whaleback-Western Ridge belt extend for 17km to the
         southwest of Newman (Figure 6-6). The outcrop pattern is dominated by two regional-scale
         synclinal keels of BKM IF. The synclines plunge gently to the west northwest and are
         truncated against the Whaleback Fault. The MM IF crops out to the southeast of the BKM IF
         and, in addition to the regional-scale folds, a number of N-verging, recumbent meso-scale
         folds are evident from the outcrop pattern and from drilling.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 61


         Mineralisation (excluding Mount Whaleback) is semi-continuous in both BKM and MM IF, with
         individual orebodies having the following range of dimensions: 1.5-9.5km in strike length,
         500-1000m in width and extending to depths of 100-400m. Some of these orebodies contain
         cores of hypogene M-mplH mineralisation which have been overprinted by the supergene
         ore-forming event. Steeply-dipping faults, including the Whaleback Fault, appear to have
         acted as fluid conduits for the hypogene ore fluids. The other orebodies in this group are all
         supergene martite-goethite (M-G) types (both BKM and MM). The better thicknesses of
         supergene mineralisation are localised in the hinge zones or short limbs (occasionally thrust-
         thickened) of asymmetric, N-verging, meso-scale folds. Mineralisation also occurs in the
         synclinal keels of the later regional-scale folds and the limbs of these folds, where they have
         a moderate dip. The natural cut-off grade that separates unmineralised BIF from
         mineralisation in this area is 48% Fe. A representative cross-section Western Ridge is shown
         in Figure 6-8.




         Figure 6-8: Geological cross-section B-B’ through Western Ridge (a MM deposit)



         Eastern Ridge – The Eastern Ridge deposit is in production. It is located to the northeast of
         Newman (Figure 6-6) and the stratigraphy is duplicated by late normal movement on the
         moderately S-dipping Homestead Fault.
         A regional-scale overturned syncline dominates the structure to the south of the Homestead
         Fault. To the north of the Homestead Fault, mineralisation occurs within the steeply N-dipping
         limb of a regional anticline. Some of the better thicknesses of mineralisation throughout this
         area are associated with an earlier generation of meso-scale folds, clearly visible in outcrop,
         that plunge gently to the west northwest and verge towards the north.
         Mineralisation occurs in both the BKM IF and the MM IF. It is semi-continuous in both BKM
         and MM IF, with individual orebodies having the following range of dimensions: 4-10km in
         strike length, 200-700m in width and extending to depths of 100-400m. The majority of the


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 62


         mineralisation in this area is of the M-G type but there are small localised patches of
         hypogene M-mplH mineralisation in the west and more extensive M-mplH mineralisation in
         places (some of it clearly associated with the steeply-dipping, NE-trending Central Fault).
         The natural cut-off grade that separates unmineralised BIF from mineralisation in this area is
         48% Fe. A representative cross-section through Eastern Ridge shown in Figure 6-9.




         Figure 6-9: Geological cross-section C-C’ through Eastern Ridge (a BKM deposit)



         Shovelanna – The Shovelanna deposit is in production. It is located about 40km east of
         Newman (Figure 6-6). Mineralisation occurs in the Dales Gorge and Joffre Members of the
         BKM IF and is semi-continuous along strike with the following dimensions: 6km in strike
         length, 200-800m in width and extending to depths of 100-200m. The majority of the
         mineralisation is M-G type ore, with occasional patches of M-mplH. A representative cross-
         section through Shovelanna is shown in Figure 6-10.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 63




         Figure 6-10: Geological cross-section D-D’ through Shovelanna (a BKM deposit)



6.2.2    Eastern Pilbara Region – Deposits in the Jimblebar Area
         Mineralisation in the Jimblebar area extends approximately 50km E-W and 10km N-S and is
         located at the eastern extreme of the Hamersley Province, approximately 40km east of the
         town of Newman (Figure 6-1). Although some small-scale mining started in the early 1990’s,
         its main phase of development and production began in 2013.
         The outcrops in the area are dominated by the BKM and MM IFs, with the BKM IF forming
         prominent ranges of hills (Wheelarra-Hashimoto) and the MM IF having a more subdued
         topographic expression to the south (South Jimblebar) (Figure 6-11). The intervening
         Wittenoom Formation is deeply eroded and overlain by a mix of Mesozoic to Cenozoic
         sedimentary rocks.
         The BKM IF crops out, with an easterly strike, for approximately 30km over the central part
         of the Jimblebar tenements. There is one major structural offset due to an apparent dextral
         offset on the NE-trending and moderately SW-dipping Wheelarra Fault. This fault divides the
         Ophthalmia Range to the west from Wheelarra Hill to the east.
         While, like Newman, the fault architecture controls the distribution of BIFs, regional-scale
         folding is less evident in the outcrop pattern, though still present. An earlier generation of
         meso-scale folds, consistently north-verging and WNW-plunging, can be mapped in outcrop
         and the youngest generation of folds are upright, open folds with axes that trend to the
         northwest.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 64




         Figure 6-11: Geology Map for Eastern Pilbara Region – Jimblebar Deposits



         Mineralisation is semi-continuous in both BKM and MM IF over a strike length of 30km
         (Figure 6-11). Individual deposits have the following range of dimensions: 1.5-9.0km in strike
         length, 200-2500m in width and extending to depths of 50-400m. Recognisable nuclei of
         supergene M-mplH mineralisation are preserved at Wheelarra and Hashimoto (BKM) and,
         more rarely, at South Jimblebar (MM). Supergene M-G mineralisation overprints all these
         hypogene centres and is the dominant form of mineralisation in all deposits in this area. All
         these deposits are in production. The natural cut-off grade that separates unmineralised BIF
         from mineralisation in this area is 48% Fe. Representative cross-sections of these deposits
         are shown in Figure 6-12, Figure 6-13 and Figure 6-14.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 65




         Figure 6-12: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Wheelarra (a BKM deposit)




         Figure 6-13: Geological cross-section B-B’ through Hashimoto (a BKM deposit)




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 66




         Figure 6-14: Geological cross-section C-C’ through South Jimblebar (a MM deposit)



6.2.3    Central Pilbara Region – Mining Area C and South Flank
         The Central Pilbara area extends over an area of 70km E-W by 30km N-S, surrounding the
         Mining Area C (MAC) processing hub. It comprises three grouped deposits under active
         mining (namely North Flank, Packsaddle and South Flank) and two exploration stage
         deposits (namely Jinidi, and Mudlark Well) (Figure 6-15). The North Flank and South Flank
         deposits are located on MM IF that crops out on the northern and southern limbs of the
         doubly-plunging Weeli Wolli anticline. The Packsaddle deposit covers BKM IF on the northern
         limb of the Weeli Wolli anticline, whereas the Jinidi deposit covers BKM IF in the eastern
         nose of the same anticline. The Mudlark Well deposit is located west of the Weeli Wolli
         anticline. Mineralisation is hosted by both the BRK IF and the MM IF and is associated with
         the moderately-dipping limbs and gently W-plunging synclinal keels of a series of regional-
         scale folds. Mining Area C is located approximately 90km northwest of Newman (Figure 6-1).
         BHP’s first MM deposit came into production here in 2003 and the new South Flank mine,
         immediately to the south, is also developed around a MM resource.
         The outcrop pattern is dominated by a series of large-scale, open, upright folds with
         wavelengths of the order of 20km. These are typically E-W-trending and doubly-plunging,
         forming a series of domes of which the Weeli Wolli anticline at Mining Area C is a typical
         example (Figure 6-15). The cores of domes form low ridges composed of MM IF and shales
         of the uppermost Jeerinah Formation. The intervening synclines outcrop as ranges of the
         more resistant BKM IF. The Wittenoom Formation appears to have undergone significant
         karstic erosion and is rarely exposed in outcrop. It forms the subcrop to a series of E-W-
         trending valleys filled with a variety of Mesozoic to Cenozoic sedimentary rocks.
         The effects of at least three fold generations are preserved at MAC. In addition to the regional-
         scale fold generation (Weeli Wolli anticline), an older generation of second-order, meso-scale


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 67


         folds have sinuous hinge-lines and are uniformly north-verging. These folds are overturned
         to recumbent and a series of sub-horizontal thrusts have developed locally in response to
         over-tightening of these asymmetric folds (e.g., North Flank and South Flank). The third and
         youngest generation of folds consists of N-S-trending, open, upright folds with broad
         wavelengths. The combined effect of the fold generations results in a complex outcrop pattern
         which reveals a number of smaller domes superimposed on the broader anticline/syncline
         pattern.
         In addition to the sinuous thrusts that thicken fold limbs within the MM IF, a major, steeply S-
         dipping, normal fault (Neale’s Fault) strikes ENE-WSW through the Packsaddle Range. A
         break in the eastern part of the Packsaddle Range reflects the position of the NE-trending
         Weeli Wolli Fault corridor and corresponds with the location of the Weeli Wolli spring and its
         associated drainage.




         Figure 6-15: Geology Map of Central Pilbara Region



         Packsaddle – The Packsaddle Range deposits are in production. At Packsaddle, supergene
         M-G mineralisation is developed in BKM IF over a strike length of almost 50km, with widths
         of up 1.5km and extending to depths of up to 300m. A representative cross-section is
         presented in Figure 6-16. The Packsaddle Range is located on the northern flank of the

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 68


         regional-scale, EW-trending Weeli Wolli anticline and the Brockman IF stratigraphy dips
         moderately to gently to the north. Refolded, meso-scale, WNW-trending folds are asymmetric
         and verge to the north. These play a major role in localising the supergene enrichment. Deep
         pockets of mineralisation are controlled by a major ENE-WSW-trending normal fault (Neale’s
         Fault).

         The detrital mineralisation at Packsaddle is located at the base of the south-facing scarp of
         the Packsaddle Range. It consists of scree fans, fed by deeply incised N-S-trending gullies
         and shedding off the scarp of mineralised BKM IF (Packsaddle Range) to the north.




         Figure 6-16: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Packsaddle (a BKM deposit)



         North Flank – The North Flank series of deposits is in production. North Flank is located on
         the northern flank of the Weeli Wolli anticline Figure 6-15. Mineralisation is continuous over
         a strike length of 25km, with widths up to 1km and extending to depths of 270m. North Flank
         comprises supergene M-G mineralisation hosted by N-dipping members of the MM IF and
         the BIF-bearing West Angela Member of the Wittenoom Formation. The majority of the
         Wittenoom Formation has been deeply eroded, particularly in the area immediately adjacent
         to the North Flank mineralisation, and the EW-trending valley between North Flank and the
         Packsaddle Range has been infilled with thick sequences of Phanerozoic detrital material.

         The thicker intercepts of mineralisation are associated with the thrust-thickened, steeply N-
         dipping to overturned limbs of north-verging meso-scale folds and with the synclinal keels of
         these folds, particularly where they lie within 150m of surface. A representative cross-section
         is shown in Figure 6-17.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 69




         Figure 6-17: Geological cross-section B-B’ through North Flank (a MM deposit)



         South Flank – The South Flank series of deposits is in production. South Flank is located on
         the southern flank of the Weeli Wolli anticline (Figure 6-15). Supergene M-G mineralisation
         is hosted by MM IF and the West Angela Member of the Wittenoom Formation. Phanerozoic
         sediments infill the EW-trending valley, underlain by the dolomitic Wittenoom Formation,
         between South Flank and the Governor Range to the south (the latter is made of BKM IF).
         Bedrock mineralisation extends continuously over a strike length of 27km. Mineralised widths
         range up to 1.3km and mineralisation extends to 300m vertical depth in places. Although the
         regional dip of the bedrock is moderately to the south, there are a number of meso-scale
         folds with sinuous hinge lines which result in a network of synclinal keels and an
         anastomosing pattern of mineralisation. The synclinal keels tend to be intensely mineralised
         and typically have thrust-thickened, steep to overturned, N-facing limbs which are also well
         mineralised, thanks to the combination of steep bedding dip and structurally-enhanced
         permeability. Some mineralisation is also developed on moderately S-dipping portions of the
         southern flank of the Weeli Wolli anticline in the absence of meso-scale folding.
         A representative cross-section of the South Flank deposit is shown in Figure 6-18.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 70




         Figure 6-18: Geological Cross-section C-C’ through South Flank (a MM deposit)



         Jinidi – The Jinidi deposit is at the exploration stage and will sustain future production at
         some stage in time. It is located at the eastern end of the doubly-plunging Weeli Wolli anticline
         (Figure 6-15). Mineralisation occurs mainly in the Dales Gorge Member, it is of the supergene
         M-G type and is virtually continuous throughout the entire deposit. Mineralised widths range
         from 500-1500m and mineralisation extends to depths of 100-250m. It is associated with E-
         plunging synclines, some of which are asymmetric and N-verging. A representative cross-
         section is shown in Figure 6-19.




         Figure 6-19: Geological Cross-section D-D’ through Jinidi (a BKM deposit)

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 71


         Mudlark Well – The Mudlark Well deposits are at the exploration stage and will sustain future
         production at some stage in time. These are located to the northwest and southwest of the
         Weeli Wolli anticline and represent sinuous belts of Marra Mamba and Brockman IF cropping
         out on the flanks of regional-scale, E-plunging folds (Figure 6-15). The intervening Wittenoom
         Formation is blanketed by detrital valley fill of various ages.
         The deposits located in this area are hosted within BRK IF and MM IF, and all are of the
         supergene M-G type. Individual orebodies have the following range of dimensions: 2-16km
         in strike length, 500-2000m in width and extending to depths of 100-250m. The majority of
         the bedding dips are generally shallower in the north than in the south. Synclinal keels or
         hinge zones are important ore controls in several deposits. A representative cross-section is
         shown in Figure 6-20.




         Figure 6-20: Geological Cross-section E-E’ through Mudlark Well (a MM deposit)



6.2.4    Yandi Region – Yandi, Marillana and Ministers North
         The Yandi region covers an area of approximately 70km E-W and 30km N-S and includes
         the Yandi deposit (CID), which is in production, as well as the Marillana (BKM) and Ministers
         North (BKM) deposits, which are at exploration stage (Figure 6-21). Yandi is situated
         approximately 90km northwest of Newman and has been producing CID ore since 1991
         (Figure 6-1).
         The main topographic feature of the area is a broad open plateau, dominated by BIFs, shales
         and dolerites of the uppermost BKM IF and overlying Weeli Wolli Formation, which terminates
         in a steep NW-SE-trending scarp. To the northeast of the scarp lies the Fortescue Valley,
         filled with Mesozoic to Cenozoic detrital rocks. Cenozoic rocks also occur on the main
         plateau, within a major palaeochannel system.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 72




         Figure 6-21: Geology Map for Yandi Region



         Yandi – The Yandi mineralisation is of the CID type and occurs within a 27km stretch of the
         Cenozoic Marillana Formation. This formation infills the meandering palaeochannels of
         Marillana Creek and its tributary creeks (Figure 6-21). The total length of the Marillana Creek
         palaeochannel is at least 80km and the Munjina and Upper Marillana deposits are located at
         the upstream end of the palaeochannel, to the west of Yandi.
         The palaeochannel was eroded in the core of the broad, NNW-trending Yandicoogina
         syncline, which plunges shallowly to the east. The palaeochannel is flanked by shales,
         dolerites and BIFs of the Weeli Wolli Formation. The channels incised into the basement
         lithologies are some 450 to 750m wide and up to 100m deep. The overall gradient is around
         2 m/km. At Yandi, the deposits outcrop as a series of low mesas beside the present-day
         creek.
         The mineralisation at Yandi is of the CID type and extends continuously for the entire length
         of that portion of the palaeochannel covered by WAIO tenements (approximately 35km). The
         mineralised width of the channel ranges from 300 to 800m and the depth ranges from 70 to
         100m.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 73


         A cross-section through a typical Yandi mesa is shown in Figure 6-22. Mineralisation
         comprises goethite-hematite pelletoids in the upper part of the Marillana Formation
         (Barimunya and Iowa Members), with peloid contents increasing towards the base and
         margins of the channel in the Western deposits at Yandi. The base of the palaeochannel is
         lined with conglomerates and clays of the basal Munjina Member. Alluvial material,
         associated with the course of the present day Marillana Creek, flanks the mesa.




         Figure 6-22: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Yandi (a CID deposit)



         Marillana – The Marillana and Mindy deposits are at exploration stage and will sustain future
         production at some stage in time. These deposits have mineralisation hosted within BKM IF
         along the face of the Hamersley Range scarp. The deposits are approximately 40km long in
         a NW-SE direction, 5km across, and located about 15km NE of Yandi mine (Figure 6-21).
         Brockman IF (capped by the Joffre Member) outcrops 1 to 2km southwest of a prominent
         fault (called Poonda Fault). This fault is a probable growth fault (south-block-down offset)
         separating shallow-water platformal facies of the Wittenoom Formation (Carawine Dolomite,
         also known as the ‘Fortescue Reef’) to the north from deep-water carbonates and BIFs to the
         south (Figure 6-1) (Simonson et al., 1993). It marks the southwestern margin of the
         Fortescue Valley which is underlain by Carawine Dolomite. Small turbidite units are common
         and reflect proximity to the original Fortescue Reef to the north and there are some other
         distinctive stratigraphic variations, including a lower shale content in the BIF units.
         At Marillana the bedding is undulating with a regional dip gently to the southeast
         (Figure 6-23). A lower range of hills at the foot of the main scarp at Marillana represents the
         Dales Gorge Member, which in places crops out near to the Poonda Fault. An extensive and
         deep hardcap is seen across the entire area, extending to depths in excess of 50m in some

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 74


         areas. There is evidence for at least 3 styles of hydrothermal alteration: silicic (‘quartz
         breccia’), sideritic and manganiferous. The prominent NNE- to NE-trending faults and joint
         sets and proximity to the Poonda Fault appear to have played a role in controlling the
         distribution of the alteration.
         Supergene mineralisation is hosted by the Dales Gorge Member with limited enrichment in
         the basal part of the Joffre Member. The effects of hydrothermal alteration of the bedrock
         have led to some atypical features, including significant mineralised intercepts composed
         either of massive hematite or enriched but vuggy goethite and a higher-than-normal
         phosphorous content.
         The Mindy deposit is located southeast of Marillana, to the east of the Weeli Wolli Creek. The
         majority of the outcrop comprises Joffre Member capped by Weeli Wolli Formation, with low
         hills of Dales Gorge Member restricted to the far northern area of Mindy.




         Figure 6-23: Geological cross-section B-B’ through Marillana (a BKM deposit)



         Ministers North – The Ministers North deposit is at exploration stage and will sustain future
         production at some stage in time. It extends approximately 10km E-W by 5km N-S, and is
         located 10km south of Yandi (Figure 6-21). The deposit covers an E-W-trending, doubly
         plunging anticline of BKM IF (the Wirriba Anticline), which is cored by Mount McRae Shale.
         Mineralisation occurs predominantly in the Dales Gorge Member of the BKM IF. It extends
         for 6km N-S and 2km E-W and to depths of 300m. A representative cross-section is shown
         in Figure 6-24.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 75




         Figure 6-24: Geological cross-section C-C’ through Ministers North (a BKM deposit)

6.2.5    Western Pilbara Region – Rocklea
         The Rocklea (BKM) deposit is at exploration stage. Its location is remote with respect to
         WAIO’s current mining operations in the Eastern Pilbara, Central Pilbara and Yandi regions
         as shown in Figure 6-1.
         This deposit (15km E-W and 8km N-S) is located in the Western Pilbara some 50km NW of
         Paraburdoo. Mineralisation occurs in both the Dales Gorge and Joffre Members of the BRK
         IF, in the keel and limb areas of the westerly-plunging Hardey Syncline (Figure 6-25). The
         keel area locally shows development of tight, meso-scale, upright folds. Mineralisation is
         semi-continuous over a strike length of 29km; it extends to widths of up to 1km and to depths
         of 250m. On the steeply-dipping northern limb, mineralisation is sporadic within the Dales
         Gorge Member, with only minimal enrichment in the Joffre Member. The majority of the
         mineralisation intersected to date is in the more gently-dipping southern limb, where
         enrichment occurs in both BRK IF members. A representative cross-section is shown in
         Figure 6-26.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 76




         Figure 6-25: Geological Map of Rocklea




         Figure 6-26: Geological cross-section A-A’ through Rocklea (a BKM deposit)




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 77


6.3      Mineral Deposit Types and Mineralisation Styles
         Fresh iron formations of the Hamersley Group have subtle but consistent differences in
         mineralogy and chemical composition and these differences are carried through into the
         respective BIF-hosted Fe ores. For this reason, bedrock deposits and the associated
         mineralisation are classified as being of Brockman (BKM) or Marra Mamba (MM) types.
         In addition to these bedrock deposit types, two types of detrital mineralisation are also found
         in the Hamersley Province. These are the pisolitic channel iron deposits (CID) and a variety
         of iron-rich detrital materials collectively referred to as detrital iron deposits (DID).
         A brief description of these deposit / ore types is provided below.

6.3.1    Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) Deposit/Ore Types
         Fresh BKM IF tends to have higher P and Al2O3 contents and lower loss-on-ignition than fresh
         MM IF and this characteristic is carried through into the composition of the bedrock ores
         derived from these two different stratigraphic units. There are also mineralogical differences
         that can affect the physical properties of the derived ores: fresh BKM IF tends to contain
         hematite in addition to magnetite, and fresh MM IF tends to have a higher content of Fe
         silicate and Fe carbonate phases. For this reason, the primary division of bedrock ore types
         is based on stratigraphy (BKM versus MM). The BIF-hosted iron ores can then be further
         subdivided in terms of their genesis and current mineralogy into (i) hypogene martite-
         microplaty hematite (M-mplH) ores and (ii) supergene martite-goethite (M-G) ores.
         Hypogene ores are typically hematite-rich and are Proterozoic in age (Rasmussen et al.,
         2007). These ores are characterised by extreme stratigraphic thinning, as a result of volume
         reduction during the ore-forming process. Despite this, the original sedimentary layering is
         largely preserved: magnetite layers are pseudomorphed by hematite (= ‘martite’, these
         martite grains have an annealed internal texture) and the form of the intervening gangue
         layers is preserved by a porous, interlocking framework of microplaty (<150 µm) hematite
         crystals which commonly nucleate on the martite grains (Morris, 2012).
         These massive, high-quality orebodies can extend to great depths (>400m vertical depth).
         They occur more commonly in the BKM IF (e.g., Mount Whaleback) but can occur in the MM
         IF (e.g., Western Ridge). Hypogene M-mplH mineralisation is associated with complex
         structural settings generally close to one or more regional-scale structures and to the original
         margins of the Hamersley Basin (Taylor et al., 2001; Thorne et al., 2014).
         Supergene ores are characterised by the presence of significant goethite in addition to
         martite. The process of M-G mineralisation is clearly one of replacement: magnetite is
         converted to martite (with a characteristic ‘woven’ or mesh-like internal texture) and the chert-
         silicate-carbonate bands are pseudomorphed by goethite (Morris, 1980). An episode of
         leaching removes any remaining gangue material, resulting locally in high porosities, before



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 78


         a final episode of further goethite growth re-cements the rock, reducing porosity and
         increasing hardness (Perring, 2021).
         Preliminary dating indicates that the supergene event is Eocene in age and is thus much
         younger than the hypogene event. Many deposits in the Eastern Pilbara Hub have patches
         of hypogene mineralisation that have been overprinted to variable degrees by supergene
         mineralisation, thus producing a hybrid style.
         Geological factors favourable to the development of supergene mineral systems include
         moderately- to steeply-dipping bedding, synclinal keels and subvertical structural
         permeability (e.g., faults, joints, cleavage planes) (Perring et al., 2020). Together, these
         elements produce particularly favourable sites for supergene enrichment which can extend
         to depths in excess of 300m.
         The superimposed effects of lateritic weathering affect all BIF-hosted ores. Duricrust zones
         (‘hardcap’) mark the presence of paleosurfaces within the Hamersley Province. The process
         of hardcap development tends to extend to between 30 and 80m depth. Intense leaching of
         SiO2 is accompanied by alternating dissolution and reprecipitation of kaolinite, gibbsite,
         goethite and hematite in the vadose zone. Vugs and cavities are lined with alternating layers
         of colloform secondary goethite and hematite. These weathering-related processes result in
         increased chemical compositional variability and tend to have the effect of increasing the
         hardness of the rock.

6.3.2    Channel Iron Deposit (CID) / Ore Type
         The channel iron deposits comprise accumulations of peloidal material deposited in fluviatile
         paleochannels (Ramanaidou et al., 2003). The CID are essentially consolidated sandy
         gravels comprising iron-rich granules (pelletoids, peloids and fossilised wood, 1-10mm in
         size) with a minor component of porous goethitic matrix and significant pore space (e.g.,
         Marillana Formation). Fragments with recognisable BIF textures are essentially absent. The
         numerous pores are in part infilled by varying generations of silica, goethite and minor siderite
         (now oxidised to goethite).
         Incision of the channels probably occurred in the Eocene. The landscape surrounding the
         channels was low-relief and blanketed by a thick, ferruginous regolith which is considered
         the primary source of the granules. Aggradation (i.e., infill) of the channels took millions of
         years, extending into the Late Miocene.
         The CID have undergone post-depositional modification by weathering, a process which has
         produced zones with abundant secondary goethite and extensive areas of secondary
         silicification in some deposits. The Marillana Formation now outcrops as dissected, sinuous
         mesas adjacent to the present-day Marillana Creek. This geomorphology indicates significant
         topographic inversion since the Miocene.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 79


6.3.3    Detrital Iron Deposit (DID) / Ore Type
         The detrital materials are rather extensive but of limited commercial value in the Hamersley
         Province and are typically of two types: hematitic conglomerate or gravelly scree (Kneeshaw
         and Morris, 2014).
         Hematitic conglomerates consist of angular to sub-rounded clasts of hematite-enriched BIF
         and shale (now composed of kaolinite+gibbsite), set in a silt- to clay-sized hematitic matrix.
         These fluviatile sediments are typically preserved in deeply-eroded depressions adjacent to
         MM IF-hosted M-G mineralisation, and palynological studies indicate a Late Cretaceous age.
         The top of this unit is, in places, heavily weathered. The hematitic conglomerate generally
         does not attain economic status due to its overall fine-grained nature, relatively low grade
         and elevated Al2O3 content, but R Deposit (located between Mining Area C and South Flank)
         is an exception.
         Sub-aerial scree fans of economic significance have developed through the erosion of
         outcropping bedrock ores. They accumulated in colluvial / alluvial fans directly adjacent to
         the bedrock mineralisation (e.g., the numerous scree fans that occur along the south-facing
         cliffs of the Packsaddle Range at Mining Area C). The sediments comprise cobble- and
         pebble-sized ore fragments set in a soil-rich matrix. Some horizons near the base of the
         detrital deposits may be subject to enrichment by goethite cementation of the clasts to
         produce ‘canga’.
         Each mineral deposit type that is the subject of exploration together with the geological
         models being applied in the investigation form the basis of the exploration program.
         The mineral deposit types are well known in the Pilbara and have been extensively tested
         over a long period of time.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 80


7        Exploration
         BHP has been undertaking iron ore exploration and development work in the Pilbara since
         the 1950’s. Over this period, the volume of exploration work, primarily drilling, has increased
         significantly to keep pace with increasing production rates and the need to bring more and
         more deposits into production.
         Most iron ore mineralisation found in the Pilbara has some form of surface expression and is
         laterally extensive over kilometres along the strike of the host banded iron formation. The
         deepest part of each deposit is typically within 100 to 400m of surface, accessible by using
         reverse circulation and diamond core drilling techniques. Therefore, drilling has been used
         as the primary method of exploration and sampling for all resource estimation and
         characterisation purposes including geotechnical, hydrogeological and geometallurgical
         studies.
         BHP has undertaken extensive amounts of drilling since the 1950’s to test the geological
         units of economic significance for mineralisation and define their extents. At a high level,
         systematic exploration work is currently completed in three main sequential phases as
         described below.

              •   Geological mapping to assist with exploration/drill hole planning.
              •   Wide-spaced grid drilling (>300m line spacing) to define the mineralisation extents
                  and deposit characteristics.
              •   Progressive infill drilling (down to 50m or closer line spacing) to define a Mineral
                  Resource and improve estimation confidence prior to commencing extraction.

7.1      Exploration Work Other Than Drilling
         Exploration work other than drilling includes surface geological mapping at various scales
         (deposit, district and regional) and geophysical surveying (airborne and ground based).

7.1.1    Geological Mapping
         The regional geology of the Hamersley Group is well understood and geological units of
         economic significance for iron ore are well mapped as a result of the pioneering work
         completed by early iron ore explorers in the 1950’s and by various private mining companies
         and government agencies in the subsequent decades.
         Stratigraphic and structural mapping is undertaken at scales ranging from 1:20,000, down to
         1:2,500 across many deposits within BHP tenure. Regional-scale mapping (1:20,000) has
         been completed in the last 2-3 decades over prospective deposits to guide exploration
         targeting and drill hole planning. Targeted mapping is completed at 1:2,500 scale, to inform
         drilling programs and deposit-scale geological interpretations.
         The form of the data collected during mapping campaigns includes:



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 81



              •   Point data – direct measurements of structural orientation data taken from outcrops,
                  including various structures such as bedding, joints, faults, fold axes, shear zones,
                  linear features etc.

              •   Line data - generated from field mapping activities and desktop interpretation,
                  including fault traces, unit contacts, and bedding formlines.
         Based on these field mapping results, outcrop and solid geology maps are synthesised.
         Structural and stratigraphic information is incorporated into geological interpretations initially
         to support drill hole planning and subsequently to inform mine planning, geotechnical design
         and mining extraction activities.
         Results of surface samples are not considered representative for the exploration of iron ore
         deposits and hence are not collected during geological mapping for assay or other purposes.

7.1.2    Geophysical Surveys
         Both ground and airborne geophysical surveys have evolved over the past three decades
         depending on the technology available at the time, survey objective, nature of the target and
         other factors. As such a wide range of parameters / procedures / methods have been used
         to collect and process geophysical data, which has determined the way the corresponding
         data is interpreted and/or used.
         Typically, large areas are covered at moderate resolution by fixed-wing aircraft, with high
         resolution ground or helicopter surveys focusing on smaller areas of interest where required.
         The following geophysical survey methods have been completed in recent times over specific
         areas of interest:

              •   Magnetic surveys are undertaken to map contrasts in the magnetic susceptibility of
                  the subsurface in 2D. Un-oxidised BIF is rich in magnetite and is therefore very
                  magnetic, allowing BIF stratigraphy to be directly mapped by this method. It is also
                  useful for showing faults where there is notable displacement in the stratigraphy.
                  Large dolerite dykes are also typically identifiable. This information is used in
                  structural interpretations and to optimise drill planning. This data was primarily
                  collected in the 1990’s and 2000’s by fixed-wing aircraft and covers almost all WAIO
                  tenure, predominantly at 100m line-spacing.

              •   Gravity and Gravity Gradiometry surveys are used to map contrasts in the density
                  of the subsurface in 2D. The BIF units and more iron-rich detrital units are denser
                  than the surrounding rocks, such as the dolomites of the Wittenoom Formation. The
                  exception to this is CID deposits, which typically show as relative density lows. This
                  data was primarily collected in the 2000’s by fixed-wing aircraft for exploration target
                  generation and covers almost all WAIO tenure, predominantly at 200m line-spacing.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 82



              •   Time Domain Electromagnetic surveys are undertaken to map contrasts in the
                  conductivity of the subsurface in 3D. The clay-rich detrital cover and shale-rich non-
                  BIF stratigraphy are relatively conductive whilst the BIFs are relatively resistive. This
                  data is primarily collected for the creation of large conceptual hydrogeological models
                  where little to no drill hole data exists. It is also sometimes used by Exploration to
                  assist with drill plan optimisation. This data was primarily collected in the 2010’s and
                  2020’s by a combination of fixed-wing and rotatory-wing aircraft.

              •   Seismic surveys are occasionally deployed to map contrasts in acoustic impedance
                  with depth, which may correlate with depth of cover, major stratigraphic boundaries,
                  depth to basement, major structures, etc. Historically these surveys have been small,
                  comprising of at most a few 2D lines to trial emerging technologies.
         Mapping results and geophysical surveys have been integrated to guide and develop the
         exploration drill programs and geological models. The QP is satisfied in the use of these
         results and is of the opinion that this follows standard industry practice.

7.2      Exploration Drilling

7.2.1    Type and Extent of Drilling
         Since the 1950’s, drilling has been, and continues to be, the primary sampling method for
         estimation of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves at WAIO.
         The drilling methods (e.g percussion, air core and blade methods) used between the 1950’s
         and the 1980’s were replaced by Reverse Circulation (RC) drilling in the 1990’s. Since then,
         this method has been used by WAIO to collect physical samples for assay and to acquire
         various downhole geophysical datasets which have informed current geological modelling
         and resource estimation.
         Besides RC drilling, Diamond Drilling (DD) is undertaken to collect core samples for
         geotechnical and geometallurgical studies. Any assays from these core samples are tailored
         for those studies and are rarely suitable for inclusion in resource estimation. Geological
         information collected from these drill cores is used in geological interpretation and modelling.
         A brief description of these two drilling types is provided below.

            •     Reverse circulation (RC): This drill method is designed with an inner sample tube that
                  extends through the centre of the drill rod and into the top of the hammer bit. The RC
                  hammer emits air between the bit splines and over the face of the bit. This pressurised
                  air forces the sample into the recovery holes in the face of the bit, through the centre
                  of the hammer and upward through the drill rod inner tubes to the surface for collection
                  in a rig mounted cyclone. The sample material then drops down through a drop box
                  into a five-tier riffle splitter (historical method, phased out in 2008) or a static cone
                  splitter (current method, initiated in 2005) to produce a final sample split and reject

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                          Page 83


                 sample. This type of drilling typically utilises a 140mm RC hammer face sampling bit
                 to produce chip samples of the rock mass.

            •    Diamond Drilling (DD): This type of drilling utilises a diamond impregnated drill bit to
                 advance an attached hollow drill-rod string into hard bedrock, producing a cylindrical
                 core sample representing the formation being drilled. WAIO uses various diameter
                 diamond drill bits depending on the intended use of the drill core samples (e.g.,
                 geological, geotechnical, hydrological or geo-metallurgical). Typically, drill core
                 diameters are either 61mm (HQ3) or 83mm (PQ3).
         Besides RC drilling for resource estimation and DD for geotechnical / geometallurgical
         studies, water bores are also drilled for hydrogeology characterisation. These are drilled
         using Rotary mud, Down Hole Hammer or Dual Rotary (described in Section 7.3) and results
         of such drilling are not used in resource estimation.
         From the 1950’s to end of CY2021, WAIO has completed over 145,000 exploration drill holes
         for a total of 11.4 million m (or 11,400km, including 8,312km RC and 773km DD) on all its
         tenements for the purpose of resource identification and definition.
         Prior to 2010, drilling was focused in only a few areas which were of economic interest at the
         time. Since 2008, between 400km and 600km of exploration drilling have been completed
         annually to support the estimation of Mineral Resources, resource characterisation,
         modelling of geotechnical and hydrogeological parameters, and to provide material for
         geometallurgical test work. Drillhole lengths range from 30m to ~280m, with the majority of
         drill holes between 60m and 120m in length.
         Table 7-1 provides a summary of drill metres by drilling type completed by WAIO in the
         Pilbara from the 1950’s to end of calendar year 2021. Note that, metres drilled before the
         1990’s comprise only 11% of the total 11.4 million metres at 31 December 2021. Where
         possible, BHP has generally validated older drill holes in currently active deposits using
         modern downhole geophysical surveys or substitution by new modern drilling.
         Table 7-1: Summary of Metres Drilled by Main Drill Types
                            Conventional
                Period                            Reverse                           Other Drill                               Number of
                              Hammer                                Diamond                                Total Per Period
                Drilled                          Circulation                          Types                                   Drillholes
                            (Percussion)
                1950's            0                  0                 132               86,034                   86,166       5,582
                1960's            0                1,898              1,518              81,661                   85,078       1,668
                1970's         1,469               3,543              37,485             443,513                 486,010       7,909
                1980's         9,593              16,754              15,257             541,400                 583,005       11,926
                1990's         10,360             200,739             68,505             776,410                1,056,014      15,850
                 2000           731               67,544              3,172               1,821                   73,267       1,338
                 2001           890               105,378             4,326               3,487                  114,081       2,104
                 2002          3,115              117,006             12,563              4,911                  137,595       1,703
                 2003          8,362              112,613             12,783              2,482                  136,241       2,230
                 2004          10,595             136,354             37,502              2,628                  187,079       2,833
                 2005          3,059              313,150             29,888              3,921                  350,018       4,620

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                       30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                   Page 84


                 2006          4,248              327,293            43,622                779              375,941      4,369
                 2007          1,713              276,636            35,133               2,929             316,410      3,320
                 2008          2,275              389,123            29,051               3,568             424,016      4,044
                 2009         12,336              446,697            36,335               3,904             499,272      4,741
                 2010         15,819              409,631            41,844               6,116             473,410      5,427
                 2011          6,510              512,621            75,486               2,530             597,146      6,252
                 2012         28,261              556,321            85,655               5,872             676,109      7,145
                 2013         31,914              459,515            44,276              10,963             546,668      5,719
                 2014         18,594              485,108            45,702              10,871             560,275      5,936
                 2015         13,978              498,854            27,905               7,781             548,518      5,747
                 2016         10,484              565,938            28,498               5,622             610,541      6,928
                 2017         10,204              545,546            12,847               3,604             572,201      6,958
                 2018         16,274              473,615             9,492               9,500             508,881      5,391
                 2019         12,077              455,323            15,079              10,550             493,029      5,632
                 2020         15,603              425,149             5,716              10,182             456,648      5,241
                 2021         20,223              409,747            13,586              13,111             456,667      4,969
                 Total        268,685            8,312,094           773,356            2,056,150          11,410,286   145,582
         Note: Other Drill Types comprise Air Core; Percussion; Blade; Conventional Blade; Conventional Hammer -
         Crossover Sub; Conventional Rock Roller; Dual Rotary; Drag Bit; Reverse Flush / Flooded Reverse; Flushing;
         Hydro; RC Blade - Crossover Sub; Rotary Mud; Sonic; Unknown Drill Type

7.2.2    Drilling Procedures
         The main components of WAIO drilling procedures are described below.
         Drill hole planning – A team of WAIO geoscientists prepare the drilling plans in consultation
         with relevant stakeholders from resource modelling, geotechnical, geometallurgical,
         hydrogeology and mine planning teams as required.
         Drilling programs for resource definition are undertaken in a sequential manner with each
         successive stage aimed at advancing the definition of extents, tonnage, density, shape,
         grade and mineral content of the mineralisation based on the results of the previous stage.
         Most of the RC holes for resource drilling are drilled vertical, except a few where topographic
         conditions dictate that holes to be drilled at an angle to reach the mineralisation. The spacing
         of the drill holes is deposit-dependent but drill holes are typically drilled on certain nominal
         grids and generally have their greatest spacing occurring along the main strike of the
         mineralisation and closer spacing occurring perpendicular to the strike. Some deposits also
         have areas with closer spacing for geological and grade variability analysis.
         The three stages of exploration drilling activities for the definition of Mineral Resources from
         the Strategic (>5 years) to Tactical (<5 years) mine planning horizons are shown in
         Figure 7-1. Each successive stage of drilling provides increasing confidence in the volume
         and grade of in-situ Mineral Resources to support life-of-asset planning and 5-year mine plan
         scheduling. In addition, two further stages of drilling are undertaken in the Tactical horizon to
         minimise any uncertainty in volume and grade variability during the production stage and
         therefore the results of this drilling are mainly used in short term geological models and grade
         control models.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 85



              •   Extents drilling programs aim to test the lateral and vertical extents of the
                  mineralised volume. This is typically done by drilling RC holes on grids varying
                  between 1200m x 100m to 300m x 100m (Figure 7-2). This program is generally
                  completed 8-10 years ahead of the scheduled start of mining and informs the LoA
                  planning and 5-year mine plan scheduling.

              •   Infill drilling programs aim to build on the Extents drilling program to define the total
                  volume and geometry of the mineralised footprint. This is generally achieved by
                  drilling RC holes on a 150m x 50m grid (Figure 7-2) and is completed about 6-8 years
                  ahead of the scheduled start of mining.

              •   Drill-out programs aim to complete the drilling required to understand the local-scale
                  geological complexity and grade variability throughout the deposit. This is the final
                  stage of strategic exploration drilling and mostly achieved by drilling RC holes on a
                  50m x 50m grid (Figure 7-2).It is generally completed ~5 years before the scheduled
                  start of mining.

              •   Tactical definition involves a small amount of targeted RC drilling to mitigate both
                  immediate and longer-term risks within the pushback which may influence pit designs
                  or impact the volume of high-grade resource.

              •   Tactical infill involves close-spaced drilling of short RC holes (drilled on a nominal
                  25 m x 12.5 m grid and to 48 m depth to cover four mining benches) inside the pit
                  areas to define and understand local grade variability.




         Figure 7-1: WAIO Exploration Drilling Strategy



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 86




         Figure 7-2: Map showing Typical Stages of Strategic Drilling for resource evaluation



         Execution of Planned Drill Programs – Once a drill program has been planned, details of
         the planned holes (including collar locations) are communicated electronically to WAIO field
         teams for execution. In the past field teams used to physically peg the location of the collars
         on the ground using high precision GPS systems prior to pad clearing. About six years ago,
         the earthworks machinery was enabled with Trimble GuidEx navigation systems to guide the
         operator to planned collar locations and clear the drill pads for the drilling rigs. After batches
         of drill pads have been cleared, drill rigs move in and drill the holes at the planned locations.
         Collar and Downhole Deviation Surveys – After holes in a program are drilled, the WAIO
         survey team picks up the collar coordinates using high-precision RTK GPS systems. These
         co-ordinates are uploaded electronically to WAIO’s internal drill hole database. The downhole
         deviation surveys are undertaken using geophysical tools. Further details of collar and
         downhole deviation surveys are described in the Section 7.2.4.
         Drill hole Logging and Sample Collection – Drill holes are logged for down hole geology
         using standard stratigraphic and mineralisation codes. Logging information is collected in the
         field and entered into WAIO’s internal drill hole database using a computerised field logging
         system, which includes controlled input through drop down lists and inbuilt validation checks
         to isolate erroneous data at the earliest possible stage.
         Methods for collecting RC chip and DD core samples in the field for assay and other tests
         are described in Section 8.1.1. The DD core sampling for geotechnical and geometallurgical
         purposes are described in Section 7.4.1 and Section 10.1 respectively.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 87


         Downhole Geophysical and Televiewer Surveys – Downhole geophysical and televiewer
         surveys are important parts of the drilling procedure as these provide reliable information for
         downhole geological interpretation in the Pilbara. Details of these surveys are described
         separately below in Section 7.2.3.

7.2.3    Downhole Geophysical and Televiewer Surveys
         All holes are downhole surveyed using various geophysical tools to collect physical and
         chemical properties inherent in the target rock formation. These surveys help with
         understanding the lithology, density and structure of the rocks intersected during drilling and
         inform geological, geotechnical and hydrological interpretations.
         Routine downhole geophysical surveys or wireline logs are as follows:

                  •    Natural Gamma – All drill holes are surveyed with data acquired both within the
                       drill string and ‘open-hole’ (i.e., once the drilling process has been completed and
                       the drill rig has moved away from the hole). Downhole data is acquired both while
                       the tool is Iowered in the hole and again when the tool is pulled out. Where there
                       is a discrepancy between these datasets, the open-hole survey results are
                       regarded as the standard.

                  •    Caliper – The tool measures the diameter of the drill hole by monitoring the
                       change in the angle of the caliper arm(s) that touch the drill hole sidewall. All
                       boreholes are logged first with a 3-arm caliper to test the hole condition before
                       committing to tools with a nuclear source. A caliper log is also used to compensate
                       downhole density data and calculate the correct dip of structures interpreted from
                       televiewer images.

                  •    Density – A dual receiver gamma-gamma density tool measures the electron
                       density of the formation surrounding the drill hole, which is then converted to an
                       in-situ bulk density measurement. The measurement is adversely affected by
                       severe caving in the borehole. Caliper data identify caved zones where density
                       data is excluded from subsequent analysis. Downhole density data is utilised in
                       resource modelling to deliver resource tonnage in the ground.

                  •    Magnetic Susceptibility – The magnetic susceptibility data informs zones where
                       orientation measurements using a magnetometer-based system may be
                       inaccurate, including drill hole path surveys and structures interpreted from
                       televiewer. Magnetic susceptibility logs are also used to validate interpretation of
                       detrital stratigraphy and for assessing asbestos risk.

                  •    Electrical Resistivity – Resistivity tools measure the capacity of the medium to
                       carry electrical current away from the tool in response to an induced current.
                       Electrical resistivity measurements are made both in the fluid in the drill hole and


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 88


                       in the surrounding rock formation and are used primarily to identify the water table
                       depth in the drill hole at the time of logging.

                  •    Drill hole Imaging for structural information - Optical and Acoustic Televiewers
                       are oriented drill hole imaging tools and are used to deliver structural information
                       to guide geological interpretations and geotechnical engineering slope stability
                       studies. Structural data collected is accurate to within 5 degrees, which is
                       considered within the limits of manual ‘picking’ of features.

7.2.4    Drilling, Sampling or Recovery Factors
         A number of drilling, sampling, or recovery factors that could materially affect the accuracy
         and reliability of results and the Mineral Resource estimates are tracked and analysed
         routinely. Some of these checks are described below.
         Sample Representativeness – Based on long-term reconciliation results of production
         versus resource and reserve estimates, the RC drilling method is considered representative
         for iron ore mineralisation styles in the Pilbara. Furthermore, as described under drilling hole
         planning in Section 7.2.2, these RC holes are drilled in a regular grid pattern to ensure
         samples collected represents the various types and styles of mineralisation and the mineral
         deposit as a whole. Drillholes are drilled as close to perpendicular to the mineralisation as
         possible as to avoid any sample bias.
         RC Sample Recovery – Sample weight is used as a proxy for recovery in the case of RC
         drilling. Calculations based on the standard volume of a three-meter RC sample and average
         rock densities suggest that 80% recovery translates to at least a 3 kg RC sample. Thus,
         three-meter samples weighing less than 3 kg show under-recovery
         Sample weights are recorded and analysed routinely. On average, less than 15% of the RC
         samples show under-recovery due to a combination of factors including stratigraphy, depth
         and weathering. However, under-recovery is less than 10% in the major target stratigraphic
         members of the Brockman Iron Formation and Marra Mamba Iron Formation. In the QP’s
         opinion, this is not considered to be a material risk to the accuracy and reliability of results
         and the Mineral Resource estimates.
         DD Core Recovery – The length of recovered core is recorded for each run and data is
         analysed routinely. Long term results indicate that less than 10% of drill intervals show less
         than 80% recovery. In the QP’s opinion, this is not considered to be a material risk to the
         accuracy and reliability of results and the Mineral Resource estimates. Diamond drilling for
         geotechnical and geometallurgical purposes is carried out in separate dedicated campaigns
         and core from each program is treated separately giving due consideration to the recovery
         based on the intended use. Assays from core samples are used sparingly in resource
         estimation after proper data validation. In the qualified person’s opinion core recovery results
         are considered acceptable for their intended use.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 89


         Drill Hole Collar Survey – Historical drill hole collars were surveyed using traditional
         terrestrial based techniques, including trigonometric heighting and gridding by theodolite,
         prior to adoption of the current GPS-based practices circa 2000. Since 2000, all drill hole
         collars are surveyed using a Real Time Kinematic (RTK) or Post-Processed Kinematic (PPK)
         Global Positioning System. About 5% of each drill program is re-surveyed for quality
         assurance and quality control (QAQC) purposes. The minimum positional accuracy
         requirements for collar surveys are 30cm horizontal and 10cm vertical.
         All surveys are referenced to the Geocentric Datum of Australia 1994 (GDA94) and the
         Australian Height Datum (AHD). Current practices are based on industry standards and best
         practice.
         Downhole Deviation Survey – Hole path is surveyed in all holes in open hole (i.e., with no
         steel casing) with a 3-axis magnetometer, which measures both the dip amount and dip
         direction (sampled every 10cm downhole, but de-sampled to 5 m to compute the hole path).
         An in-rod gyroscopic hole deviation survey is conducted for all holes longer than 250m and
         for drill holes which will inform slope stability and other geotechnical studies, to insure against
         potential loss of ability to obtain the data due to hole collapse or blockage once the drill rods
         are withdrawn. For QAQC purposes, at least 5-10% of holes in each drill program are re-
         surveyed.
         The deviation control is designed to identify ‘kinks’ in the hole path at the scale of the length
         of a steel drill rod, since it is not physically possible to bend a 3m cylindrical steel rod
         significantly, or to fit the solid steel rod down the hole if the bit deviates too much (i.e. the rig
         will bog). All kinks are investigated to flag errors that could potentially affect modelling and
         hence materially affect the resource estimate.
         In the QP’s opinion, the processes outlined above are adequate and meet the requirements
         for the intended use. The QP is also not aware of any material factors that would affect the
         accuracy and reliability of the results.

7.2.5    Plan View showing Locations of All Drill Holes and Summary Results
         This technical report summary does not include any exploration results that are not part of
         WAIO’s disclosure of Mineral Resources or Mineral Reserves. All exploration and drilling
         results on this property have been used for estimating Mineral Resources and Reserves.
         As described in Section 7.2.1 above, over 145,000 exploration drill holes for a total of
         11,400km (including 8,300km Reverse Circulation and 773km diamond core) have been
         completed by WAIO on its tenements for the purpose of resource identification and definition
         from the 1950’s until the end of 2021.
         The QP is of the opinion that the spacing, spatial extents, drilling methods, and sample quality
         for WAIO deposits, are acceptable for the purpose of geological modelling and estimation of
         the Fe mineralisation.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 90


         Plan views showing the locations of drill holes and summary results for each of the mining
         areas, namely Newman, Jimblebar, MAC, South Flank and Yandi, are shown in Figure 7-3,
         Figure 7-4, Figure 7-5 and Figure 7-6 respectively. Cross-sections of drilling results with
         respect to interpretations of geology and mineralisation have already been provided in
         various figures in Section 6.2.




         Figure 7-3: Plan showing Location and Summary Result of All Drill Holes – Newman Area


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 91




         Figure 7-4: Plan Showing Location and Summary Result of All Drill Holes – Jimblebar Area




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 92




         Figure 7-5: Plan View Showing Location of All Drill Holes – MAC and South Flank Area




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 93




         Figure 7-6: Plan Showing Location and Summary Result of All Drill Holes – Yandi Area




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 94


7.3      Characterisation of Hydrogeology
         Hydrogeological investigations are completed for new bore fields, for greenfields operations,
         or for environmental purposes. The investigations are appropriate to the scale of the
         development and its potential implications.
         Surface water studies are done to support proposed greenfields or brownfields developments
         that interact with overland flows. The investigations are appropriate for the business or
         environmental risk they address.
         The approach to operational water management is in accordance with WAIO’s internal Water
         Management Standard and associated guidelines. These documents provide a framework to
         address the main categories of water risk:

              •   sustainable life-of-mine water supplies are delivered;
              •   dewatering commences well in advance of mining;
              •   surplus water management is flexible and in line with regulatory expectations;
              •   effective wet weather management exists;
              •   safe potable water supplies are delivered; and
              •   environmental and community impacts are managed.

7.3.1    Nature and Quality of Sampling Methods
         Hydrogeological data is collected using the following five main methods:
              1) by establishing groundwater piezometers during exploration programs to ensure early
                 baseline data;
              2) through specialised hydrogeological investigation programs of bore construction and
                 aquifer testing;
              3) during installation of dewatering, supply and Managed Aquifer Recharge bore fields;
              4) through installation of surface water monitoring points; and
              5) through ongoing monitoring of water level and water quality at established monitoring
                 points in regional, baseline or operational areas.
         For in-bore installation programs the data types recorded include lithological description,
         standing water level, water inflows, bore construction and wellhead water chemistry. Bores
         are drilled (Rotary mud, Down Hole Hammer or Dual Rotary) and constructed in accordance
         with the “Minimum construction requirements for water bores in Australia” (National Uniform
         Drillers Licensing Committee 2020).

7.3.2    Type and Appropriateness of Laboratory Techniques
         No laboratory techniques are used for testing groundwater flow parameters; instead key
         hydrological data, such as aquifer response data and stream flow data, are gathered in-field.
         Where chemical analysis of water is required, sampling and analysis is undertaken by
         National Association of Testing Authorities (NATA) accredited contractors.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 95


7.3.3    Results of Testing and Material Assumptions
         Aquifer testing by WAIO varies from short term efficiency testing through to extended trials
         that represent operational conditions on the aquifer. Where available, the time-series data
         from operational dewatering and supply bore fields is considered to provide the best
         hydrogeological characterisation and is interrogated closely. Aquifer parameters
         (permeability and transmissivity) are derived from the test pumping analysis, where qualified
         personnel use current methodologies (recording of pumping rates, pumping bore water level,
         water levels in surrounding bores, and pumped water quality during the test) and type curves
         for fractured rock aquifers. This information, along with the geological and hydrochemical
         data, is used to conceptualise the aquifer and inform groundwater models.

7.3.4    Groundwater Models and Characterisation of Aquifers
         Hydrogeological investigations are completed for new bore fields for mine operations or for
         environmental purposes. The investigations are appropriate to the scale of the development
         and its potential implications and meet local regulatory requirements.
         Surface water studies are completed to support proposed mine developments that interact
         with overland flows. The investigations are appropriate for the business or environmental risk
         they address.
         Hydrogeological models in relation to mining are described in Section 13.2.4.

7.4      Geotechnical Data, Testing and Analysis

7.4.1    Nature and Quality of Sampling Methods
         Targeted geotechnical triple tube diamond drilling is carried out to collect structural,
         geological and geotechnical data. The amount of this type of drilling varies year on year,
         depending on the pit design requirements, with approximately 14,400m drilled over the last
         five years.
         The triple tube drilling technique is well known for causing minimal disturbance of the rock
         strata and for recovery of high-quality core samples. Core is wrapped in plastic at the rig
         before logging at a local core shed facility to help preserve in-situ character. This enables the
         effective evaluation of material properties for the acceptable risk and economic design of pit
         walls. Three types of data are typically collected using geotechnical core logging techniques.
         These include:

              •   Interval data (properties that describe the type and quality of the rock mass)
              •   Point data (characteristics of specific defects that intersect the core)
              •   Sample data collected for geotechnical laboratory testing (samples taken from the
                  core and tested for physical properties such as strength, mineralogy, etc.).



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 96


         Samples are selected in accordance with WAIO’s geotechnical logging manual, comprising
         minimum length, uniformity of character and the absence of defects or clasts that may render
         inaccurate results in triaxial and Uniaxial Compressive Strength (UCS) tests. Samples are
         wrapped and sealed as soon as practical to preserve natural moisture content prior to testing.
         The purpose of the physical properties samples is to understand the strength of different rock
         types using pieces of core taken from geotechnical DD holes and sent to a laboratory for
         testing. Testing criteria is initiated at the commencement of each drill program with minimum
         length and defect parameters guiding physical sample selection during the respective
         program.
         The parameters collected from a drilling investigation are then validated against field and
         laboratory tests, which then are used as inputs into a geotechnical model to generate a slope
         stability analysis.
         Rock interval data is collected during the logging process and informs rock strength analysis.
         Rock point data covers rock defect joint condition characteristics such as Joint Roughness
         Coefficient, Joint Wall Strength, Infill, Infill thickness and Joint Weathering. All geotechnical
         data collected from rock materials are inputs into the Rock Mass strength estimation and
         utilised in conjunction with structural or discontinuity measurements.
         Soil interval logging applies to the logging of soil strength for materials found across BHP
         deposits. The logging of these materials describes the soils for geotechnical purposes, in
         accordance with Australian Standard AS1726-1993.
         Rock Quality Designation (RQD) is one of the parameters used in calculating the Rock Mass
         Rating of the unit. It is a measure of the quality of the rock mass. RQD is only logged for
         intact core with strength >1MPa.
         QAQC of core logging is undertaken on a regular basis for each geotechnical diamond drilling
         program.

7.4.2    Type and Appropriateness of Laboratory Techniques
         Typical laboratory tests are listed below and are performed at E-Precision Laboratory Pty Ltd,
         Perth, which has been NATA accredited since 2013 (Accreditation # 19078; site # 21509).
         This laboratory is independent of BHP.

              •   Uniaxial Compressive Strength (UCS) testing on all rock strength materials.

              •   Consolidated Undrained Triaxial Strength testing along with measurement of pore
                  water pressure with associated industry-standard Atterberg limits and particle size
                  distribution on all soil strength materials.

              •   Direct Shear testing on rock defects.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 97


         These Uniaxial Compressive Strength (UCS) and direct shear tests are well recognised as
         best informing the intact rock strength and defect strengths of the samples for consideration
         in conventional rock mass strength models such as the Hoek-Brown failure criterion and
         various defect strength models for use in slope design.
         The triaxial tests are recognised as rigorous effective stress tests informing soil strengths of
         the sample whilst the Atterberg limits and particle size distribution results classify various soil
         types.
         These laboratory techniques are widely used in the mining industry and have been
         successfully used in slope design of open-pits at WAIO over a long time. Therefore, in the
         QP’s opinion these techniques are appropriate for the intended purpose.

7.4.3    Results of Laboratory Testing and Material Assumptions
         Laboratory test results are subject to validation by Geotechnical Engineers according to
         WAIO internal procedures, which require, among other things, that invalid test results be
         discarded. The results are used to create geotechnical models and define parameters for
         input into pit slope design as described in Sections 13.2.1, 13.2.2 and 13.2.3.
         As the same geological units are consistently encountered across WAIO deposits, in some
         cases strengths from statistical databases have been used if local data are lacking. These
         have been externally peer reviewed before use. Both 50th and 25th percentile values are used
         in analyses. The 25th percentile is assessed to cater for geographic uncertainty. Slope angles
         are adjusted until stability results meet threshold acceptance criteria.

7.5      Exploration Target
         This report does not include any exploration results that are not part of WAIO’s Mineral
         Resources or Mineral Reserves. No exploration targets are being reported.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 98


8        Sample Preparation, Analysis, and Security
         WAIO sampling and analysis protocols are established in line with BHP Technical Standards
         for Sampling, QAQC and Chain of Custody. QAQC steps as per the WAIO Geoscience
         QAQC Procedure are outlined in this section.

8.1      Sample Collection and Preparation Methods – Field Procedure

8.1.1    Sample Collection Methods
         Since the early 2000’s, the methods of sample collection for resource definition are mainly
         through two types of drilling - predominantly (95% to 98%) reverse circulation (RC) face
         hammers (140mm diameter) and to a lesser extent (2% to 5%) HQ (63.5mm diameter) and
         PQ (85mm diameter) triple tube diamond core (DD).
         The sampling protocol was subjected to heterogeneity test programmes according to Theory
         of Sampling principles and was found to be appropriate for the style of mineralisation
         sampled. The WAIO heterogeneity test was supervised by an external independent
         consultant (Agoratek International Inc, Vancouver, Canada). The Qualified Person has
         reviewed the findings of the studies and considers the processes to be reasonable for the
         style of mineralisation.
         RC Samples – The method of sampling RC chips uses a vertical, static cone splitter which
         is adjusted to produce a 6% split of the total mass from each 3m sampling interval for
         laboratory processing and analysis (which amounts to approximately 5kg).
         When required, duplicate samples are taken simultaneously from a secondary chute of the
         cone splitter to monitor sampling precision. The current RC drilling procedure requires the
         injection of water at the bit to mitigate any risk of exposure to excessive dust or fibrous
         material; this practice produces wet samples of slurry consistency and is now required as a
         drilling standard.
         Historically, riffle splitters were used for sampling reduction at RC drill rigs, but this practice
         was phased out in 2005 with the availability of more robust and versatile sampling systems.
         Also, for a period from 2011 until 2012, rotary cone splitters were used at some RC drill rigs.
         Routine RC samples are collected over 3m drilling intervals in Bedded Iron Deposits (BID)
         and 2 m intervals in the case of Channel Iron Deposits (CID).
         More details on the WAIO sampling and analysis protocol for RC samples are given in
         Section 8.2.
         DD Samples – Diamond core is sampled primarily at 1.5m intervals for HQ diameter and
         1.0m for PQ diameter as per geometallurgical and geotechnical requirements. The majority
         of diamond core is drilled for geotechnical or geometallurgical analysis. The full drill core is
         sent to the laboratory for test work.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                      Page 99


8.1.2    Sample Security and Chain of Custody
         Figure 8-1 summarises the sample process steps starting from collection in the field to
         preparation at the laboratory and finally receipt / reconciliation of assay data. Measures taken
         to ensure the sample security are listed below.
         1. A reconciliation step is completed by field assistants at the time of sample pick-up from
            the drill pad. Drill hole identifications (IDs) and sample counts, which have been logged
            by field geologists, are reconciled against samples physically present on the pad.
         2. A Request for Analysis (RFA) is generated using a web-based dispatch application, which
            populates samples directly from the database.
         3. A laboratory sample receipt (LSR) is returned to the Geochemistry Team upon sample
            receipt at the laboratory. The laboratory reconciles samples received against samples
            identified on the RFA.
         4. All assay data is cross-checked using an automated script that compares assay
            certificates from the laboratory with the data loaded into the database.
         Issues identified at any reconciliation stage are investigated immediately.
         A portion of at least 100 g of pulverised material (pulp) for every assayed sample is stored at
         an independent privately owned (Silk Logistics) warehouse facility in Perth for five years. Pulp
         packets are organised by batch and are then stacked on pallets and records maintained by
         WAIO.




         Figure 8-1: WAIO Chain of Custody




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 100


         Furthermore, the Chain of Custody protocol allows for tracking of drill samples from drill start
         to final upload to the BHP Master Database. WAIO keeps a regular track of the sample
         turnaround times. Total turnaround time from sample collection to analytical result averaged
         around 45 days for RC samples in FY2022 (Figure 8-2). Geometallurgical drill core follows
         different processes and is not included here.




         Figure 8-2: Turn-around Time from Drill-stop to Data Approved in Database for FY2022



8.2      Sample Preparation, Assaying and Analytical Procedures

8.2.1    Name and Location of Laboratory, Relationship and Certification
         Samples are transported in batches by road from the site to the following laboratories for
         further sample preparation and assaying.
         1. Bureau Veritas Geo-analytical, Perth for all drill samples for routine assays (XRF and
            TGA) and spectral analysis.
         2. ALS Iron Ore Technical Centre (IOTC), Perth for drill core intended for metallurgical test
            work.
         Both these laboratories are ISO 17025 certified and National Association of Testing
         Authorities (NATA) accredited laboratories and independent of BHP.

8.2.2    Sample Preparation and Analysis Protocol at Laboratory
         After sample receipt at the laboratory and finalisation of the reconciliation process, the
         laboratory proceeds with sample preparation and analysis in coherent batches as per
         contract items prescribed on the Request For Analysis (RFA). The protocol followed by the
         laboratory is customised to WAIO requirements and includes controls for the different steps
         of comminution, assaying and for integrity of reported results.
         RC sample preparation requirements at the assay laboratory are as below and WAIO
         sampling and analysis protocol is shown schematically in Figure 8-3.

              •   Dried at 105ºC ±5ºC and sample weights recorded (ISO 3082);
              •   Crushed to a nominal top size of 2.8mm (90% passing);

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 101



              •   Representatively divided to a nominal mass of 2.5kg (or the entire sample if less than
                  2.5kg), with the mass of every sample recorded after division (unless otherwise
                  specified by BHP);
              •   Pulverised to a top size of 160 µm (95% passing);
              •   Representative sub sample of 200 g for XRF fused disc preparation;
              •   Representative sub-sample for spectral analysis (VNIR-SWIR and FTIR) (see Section
                  8.2.3);
              •   Preparation of lithium-borate (flux) fused bead for XRF analysis; and
              •   Representative sub-sample of 1 g for LOI analysis performed at 1000 ºC (ISO 11536).
         A heterogeneity test was conducted in order to quantify the fundamental sampling error (FSE)
         of the sampling protocol, or the minimum achievable error given the various stages of mass
         reduction as defined by the sample collection and preparation process. The FSE results
         indicated that WAIO sampling and analysis protocol is suitable for WAIO mineralisation types.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 102




         Figure 8-3: WAIO Sampling and Analysis Protocol



8.2.3    Analytical Methods
         Chemical Analysis for Assays - X-ray fluorescence (XRF) Fused Disc and Thermo-
         gravimetric Analysis (TGA) are the main analytical methods.
         The XRF Fused Disc Method works by bombarding the sample with focused X-rays. These
         rays are absorbed by the sample resulting in photons being emitted by different elements in
         the sample. The number of photons is proportional to the concentration of the element.
         Robotic TGA measures the amount and rate of change in the weight of a material as a

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                              Page 103


         function of temperature or time in a controlled atmosphere. WAIO utilises this technique to
         measure Loss on Ignition (LOI), which is the percentage loss in weight of an ignited sample
         once it has achieved a constant weight at the specified temperature of 1000 °C. The
         laboratory is required to report LOI results to two decimal places.
         The detection limits of XRF assay reporting requirements are listed in Table 8-1.
         Table 8-1: Routine XRF assay reporting requirements for XRF Fused Disc Method
               Analyte        Fe Total      Al2O3     SiO2        P       CaO        K2O       MgO       Mn total   Na2O    TiO2   S total
            Detection limit    0.01         0.01      0.001     0.001     0.001     0.001      0.001      0.001     0.001   0.01   0.001
                Unit             %           %          %         %         %         %          %          %         %      %       %




         Spectral Analysis for Mineralogical Information – In addition to chemical assays,
         mineralogical data are acquired for all routine samples using visible to infrared spectroscopic
         wavelength analysis. Data are collected by a combined Auto-Spectral Density (ASD) -
         Fourier-Transfer infrared (FTIR) spectrometer laboratory set up at Bureau Veritas in Perth.
         The ASD TerraSpec 4 Hi-Resolution Visible-near to Shortwave infrared (VNIR-SWIR)
         spectrometer is set up in line with a FTIR instrument, collecting the visible-near to shortwave,
         to mid-infrared and thermal wavelength range of the electromagnetic spectrum on the same
         pressed pulp for each sample. System calibration is controlled through daily measurements
         of a Spectralon plate with spectral standards. The collected hyperspectral data undergoes
         further quality controls using internal reference material (blanks, duplicates). A calibrated
         algorithm developed by WAIO converts the spectra into mineralogical information.
         The combined spectra of the ASD and FTIR system are used semi-quantitatively for
         interpretation of the mineralogical information by WAIO geologists.

8.3      Quality Control Procedures/Quality Assurance
         The WAIO QAQC program prescribes controls conducted by the assay laboratory as per
         contractual agreement and controls inserted by BHP WAIO staff in the field (Table 8-2 and
         Table 8-3). The latter comprises approximately 10% of the samples submitted to the
         laboratory for chemical analysis. WAIO control samples include Certified Reference Materials
         (CRM), duplicate sample splits from RC drill holes, and blanks. Each control has specific
         objectives in the process of mechanical preparation of samples and analysis. All WAIO
         standards are matrix-matched CRM prepared by Ore Research and Exploration (OREAS),
         an independent company that specialises in customised CRM preparation. Standards are
         custom-made by OREAS for BHP WAIO Geoscience and use the “pigeon pair” method, by
         which two standards of similar grade are slightly offset so that the laboratory cannot
         differentiate between the two thus increasing effectiveness of the control.
         Table 8-2: QAQC Controls for Sample Preparation at the Laboratory

               Control                                        Frequency                                             Measure


                                         Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                      30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                     Page 104



        Sizing in Crushers                    1 sample by Batch.                                       Protocol compliance
                                          Target: 90% passing 2.8 mm
           Sizing in Mills                    1 sample by Batch.                                       Protocol compliance
                                          Target: 95% passing 160 µm
           Coarse Blank                          1 in 50 samples                                    Contamination in sample
                                            Target: >95% samples not                                  preparation (sample
                                                  contaminated                                             integrity)

      Laboratory Duplicate                  A split after crushing                                    Precision in sample
                                              1 in 25 samples                                      preparation (comminution
                                                                                                     and mass reduction)
                                     Target: Unbiased absolute relative
                                              difference<10%
             Laboratory              Second split of pulverised material                              Precision in sample
              Repeat                          1 in 25 samples                                        preparation and assay
                                                                                                    (comminution and mass
                                     Target: Unbiased absolute relative
                                                                                                          reduction)
                                               difference<5%


         Table 8-3: WAIO Controls for RC and Diamond Drilling Samples

               Control                                Frequency                                            Measure

         Field Duplicate        Fixed intervals after primary samples                              Precision of sampling
            (RC only)               ending in 15, 30, 60 and 90                                           process
                                   For RC drilling and Diamond core
                                                sampling:                                       Contamination in sample
          Coarse Blank                                                                            preparation (sample
                                    Fixed intervals as sample bags                                     integrity)
                                         ending 00, 35 and 70
                                   A random mix of CRM inserted at
               CRM
                                 fixed intervals as samples ending in                                Analytical accuracy
            (standards)
                                             01, 36 and 71
         Sample Weight                                                                          In field control on Sample
                                              All Field Duplicates
           (RC only)                                                                             Collection and Recovery


         Data collected as per the above QAQC program protocol is evaluated in the short term,
         middle term and long-term horizon with actions in place to provide feedback and recognition
         to build on good results and capture opportunities for further improvement of processes.

              •   A daily QAQC checklist is used in the field by the drill crews and audited by drilling
                  contractor supervisors to ensure sample collection at the rig. Field duplicate weights
                  are routinely collected at the drill rig as a means of real-time monitoring recovery and
                  field duplicate repeatability.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 105



              •   The QAQC process is monitored daily “Short Term QAQC” and monthly “Middle Term
                  QAQC”:

                       o    Assay results are securely transferred to the WAIO database immediately
                            following completion at the lab. Assay results and QAQC controls are then
                            reviewed on a web-based QAQC application designed by the Geological
                            Data Management Team (GDMT). QAQC validation criteria are programmed
                            into the database such that any potential QAQC issues are automatically
                            flagged for review by a Geochemist.
                       o    A monthly review of QAQC results is undertaken with the aim of analysing
                            trends or bias over time. The review includes analysis of sample collection,
                            recovery, precision, accuracy, turnaround time, drill rig performance and data
                            availability.

              •   A general overview of QAQC results is prepared on a monthly basis. It should be
                  noted that the monthly QAQC updates also include data for RC drilling inside the
                  mining gates for Short Term Geological Modelling that follow the same QAQC process
                  as Strategic drilling.

              •   QAQC results specifically targeting rig performance are provided to drilling
                  contractors on a monthly basis, and action plans are put in place where issues are
                  identified. This process ensures that good performance is recognised and areas for
                  improvement are actioned, thereby closing the sample cycle from drilling to database.

              •   WAIO monitors Field Duplicate weights collected by drill crews using an online
                  Dashboard for near ‘real-time’ performance feedback.

              •   QAQC measures at the laboratory include routine audits and unannounced visits, with
                  the aim of ensuring that the laboratories are working according to procedure and
                  supervising sample integrity. Issues are discussed with the laboratory managers, and
                  an action plan is developed to address any problems.

              •   The long-term QAQC process takes the form of focused, deposit-specific reports on
                  drilling campaigns. Annual risk reviews are completed to verify that critical controls
                  are in place and effective.
         In the opinion of the QP, the review of the controls across relevant time horizons and focus
         areas is adequate to ensure quality standards are maintained

8.3.1    Sample Collection Controls and Results
         Drill crews at all RC drill rigs have scales to monitor sample collection in the field. Field
         duplicates are collected approximately every 25 samples (4 in 100). Figure 8-4 shows good
         performance by the drill crews in sample collection: primary and duplicate sample weights


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 106


         correlate well (r2=0.77, r2 being the coefficient of determination) and most duplicate sample
         weights (75.1%) are within 20% difference from the primary sample weights.




         Figure 8-4: Field Duplicate Weight Data for FY2022
         Red lines indicate 20% difference from primary sample weight

8.3.2    Field Duplicate Checks and Results
         Duplicate samples are collected at a ratio of 4 in 100 samples to evaluate sampling precision
         at RC drill rigs. During FY2022 a total of 4,896 field duplicates were collected at 12 RC rigs
         working in active work areas. The acceptance limit for relative error for field duplicates is set
         at 15%. Results for FY2022 are acceptable and consistent with results from previous years
         (Table 8-4).
         Table 8-4: Summary of field duplicate results
                                    Global          Relative Error             Absolute Error
                                    Fe                       3.44%                      1.37%
                                    Al2O3                  10.66%                       0.64%
                                    SiO2                     7.51%                      1.56%
                                    P                        4.46%                    0.006%
                                    LOI                      4.30%                      0.34%
                  Note 1: Relative Error (%) = (√Relative Variance)*100. Note 2: Absolute Error = Standard
                  Deviation of the difference of paired samples (duplicate-primary). Note 3: From overall 4,896
                  field duplicates, 107 outlier results (2.2%) are not included in the analysis (Z-Score ranking >5
                  for individual analytes).

8.3.3    Sample Preparation Controls and Results
         Sizing Analysis – Sizing checks of crusher duplicates and pulp repeats are routinely
         performed by the assaying laboratory and monitored by WAIO on a quarterly basis. This
         practice is a part of the internal QAQC process at the laboratory: when the samples do not
         meet expectations at the crusher and mill stage, the whole batch is re-processed.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                             Page 107


         The performance gate for sizing after crushing is 90% passing through a sieve with 2.8mm
         mesh size. After pulverisation, samples are checked routinely for percent passing through a
         160 µm sieve and must have at least 95% passing.
         Crusher Duplicates and Pulp Repeats – A second split after crushing was taken from 6,706
         samples analysed by Bureau Veritas in FY2022. The performance gates allow a maximum
         relative error of 10%. In addition, a second aliquot of pulverised material from a total of 6,659
         samples was analysed to test repeatability of the results. Duplicates after crushing and
         pulverisation are taken at a ratio of 1 in 25 samples. The performance gates are set at a
         relative error of 5%. Results are shown in Table 8-5 and this data is in line with expectations.
         Table 8-5: Summary of Duplicate Results after Crushing and after Milling
         (Crushing to 2.8mm (N = 6,706) and pulverisation to 160µm (N =6,706))

                                      Crusher Duplicates                                     Pulp Duplicates
              Analyte          Relative Error   Absolute Error                       Relative Error  Absolute Error
          Fe                            0.72%            0.24%                                0.17%           0.06%
          Al2O3                         2.03%            0.09%                                0.83%           0.03%
          SiO2                          1.45%            0.27%                                0.36%           0.06%
          P                             1.43%           0.001%                                1.23%          0.001%
          LOI                           1.02%            0.07%                                0.46%           0.03%

         Note 1: Relative Error (%) = (√Relative Variance)*100. Note 2: Precision = 100% - Relative Error (%).
         Note 3: Absolute Error = Standard Deviation of the difference of paired samples (duplicate-primary).
         Blanks – Blanks are inserted at a ratio of 3 in 100 samples to assess Fe contamination during
         the preparation process. During FY2022, a total of 3,801 granite blanks (Blankgran) and 78
         quartz blanks (Blankqtz, Geometallurgical only) were inserted.
         The granite blanks show chemical variability and are subject to natural fractionation trends
         (granite, granodiorite and diorite); a correlation between Fe and TiO2 is used to determine
         the Fe limits according to this natural trend. The natural Fe content of a granite (low TiO2) is
         expected to be lower than that of a diorite (high TiO2). Contamination is monitored by
         comparing measured Fe relative to measured TiO2. Of all blanks of the type Blankgran
         processed, the limit was exceeded once. Overall, in the opinion of the QP the risk of
         contamination at the laboratory is considered low (Figure 8-5).
         The limit for contamination of the blank type Blankqtz is set at 2% Fe. This limit was exceeded
         in two analyses. Due to low sample count (2% of total blanks), Blankqtz is not shown
         separately in Figure 8-5.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3         30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 108




         Figure 8-5: Test for Contamination
         Note – Samples have been normalised to their expected Fe content according to their TiO2 content



8.3.4    Sample Analysis Controls for Laboratory Accuracy
         All assay data is reported in batches by the laboratory, including results of all laboratory
         internal quality controls, as per contract and accompanied by a certificate of analysis. At the
         time of first upload to the database, a number of system automated integrity checks are
         completed. This is followed by running validation scripts over the reported assays using a set
         of rules. Controls that fail validation are automatically flagged for review by a Geochemist
         and a batch summary report highlighting flagged batches is sent to Geochemists daily.
         To test for laboratory accuracy and bias, matrix-matched CRM standards are inserted into
         the sample sequence at a ratio of 3 in 100 samples by BHP Field Technicians before sending
         the samples in batches to the assaying laboratory (Bureau Veritas, Perth). Validation rules
         for CRMs check for reported assay results outside 3 Standard Deviations of the certified
         value or more than two consecutive assay results outside 2 Standard Deviations of the
         certified value.
         In FY2022, 3,881 analyses of 31 different matrix-matched CRM standards (including Pigeon
         Pairs) were carried out. Results for all standards are summarised by calculating the
         regression slope, b, of reported CRM results compared to the certified values to derive the
         Global Bias as a metric to evaluate adequacy of the laboratory calibrations. The results for
         FY2022 are in agreement with WAIO guidelines and worldwide benchmarks, with the mean
         result for all analytes within a ±5% acceptance range (Table 8-6).
         In addition to accuracy checks for individual sample batches in the daily QAQC process,
         analytical trends for major analytes are monitored in the mid-term QAQC process and
         reported on a monthly basis (Figure 8-6). Here, performance is evaluated by monitoring
         reported CRM results compared to long-term averages. Changes in laboratory trends can

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                         Page 109


         indicate operative problems and are raised with the laboratory if required. The higher
         variability observed towards end of 2021 was due to higher variability of a CRM used
         predominantly during that time. The CRM results of FY2022 show consistent laboratory
         performance.
         Table 8-6: Global bias results for Bureau Veritas
                                                                                                Global Bias
                             Analyte            CRM Count                 Slope b                  (%)
                         Fe                          3,881                   0.9936                   -0.64%
                         Al2O3                       3,881                   1.0042                    0.42%
                         SiO2                        3,881                   0.9972                   -0.28%
                         P                           3,881                   1.0065                    0.65%
                         LOI                         3,881                   1.0071                    0.71%

         Note: Global Bias is determined from the regression line slope (b) between all Certified Values against
         the average reported result: Global Bias (%) = b-1.




         Figure 8-6: Laboratory Trends
         Note: Laboratory performance is evaluated by monitoring reported CRM results compared to long-
         term averages.

8.3.5    Verification of Sampling and Assaying – Downhole Assay Tool
         Since FY2015, the Down Hole Assay Tool (DHAT) has been used as a verification tool for
         RC sampling, replacing the practice of drilling a diamond hole right next to the RC hole for
         twinning. In addition, since 2012, bulk sampling on selected RC drill holes is used as a
         practical method in the field to validate the RC sampling method. In bulk sampling, the entire


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3       30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 110


         recovered mass (bulk) of the sampling interval is collected and compared to the routine RC
         sample.
         DHAT technology is a highly sensitive method based on the detection and measurement of
         characteristic gamma rays emitted from radioactive isotopes produced from materials when
         they are bombarded with neutrons. The tool collects the data within a 30cm radius from the
         drill hole, and therefore could be considered a twin with the added benefit of minimised short-
         scale geological variation.
         This technology has replaced the historic practice of drilling 5% of diamond twins, because
         results are not affected by geological variability, and thus has become a more effective
         methodology to assess potential bias in the RC data. In addition, the DHAT has been used
         as a cost-effective method of verifying a substantial amount of historical data (via logging of
         historic open drill holes). Using DHAT technology for sampling method verification was
         reviewed and endorsed in an external audit in 2015 for Fe, SiO2 and Al2O3.
         The DHAT calibration is built based on RC data (80%), tested on diamond core data, and if
         the results are satisfactory, the remaining 20% of the RC data is used to assess potential
         bias in the RC sampling method. The calibration algorithm and software are BHP in-house
         and proprietary. Instrument stability is controlled through repeat logs at the BHP Geoscience
         facility in Newman. In current strategic drilling programs, approximately 20% of drill holes are
         logged by the DHAT to verify the RC sampling method.
         Bulk Sampling is completed in selected RC holes in well advanced project areas. Results for
         strategic programs show acceptable error for RC samples compared to DHAT data and Bulk
         Samples, supporting current sampling and assaying methodologies. The error and difference
         of DHAT and Bulk Sampling compared to the routine RC sampling method are summarised
         in Table 8-7.
         Table 8-7: Absolute Error for RC Samples against DHAT data
                                DHAT in RC (Fe>48%)               RC Bulk Sampling (Fe>48%)
                           Count Absolute           Absolute     Count Absolute Absolute
               Analyte                Error        Difference               Error     Difference
               Fe          1,923       1.88%             0.01%    189        0.89%        -0.12%
               Al2O3       1,923       1.10%             0.03%    189        0.46%         0.03%
               SiO2        1,923       1.28%             0.08%    189        0.59%         0.01%
               P           1,923      0.038%            0.005%    189       0.009%        0.004%
               LOI         1,923       1.69%            -0.03%    189        0.28%         0.11%
         Note: DHAT data includes RC holes logged in calendar year 2021. RC Bulk Sampling data includes
         holes drilled in 2020 (not previously reported) and 2021. Only data in mineralisation (>48%Fe) is
         included. Note also that not all data collected in FY2022 is completely processed.

8.4      Downhole Geophysical Data - Quality Control Measures
         In addition to physical samples collected for assays from the drilling, drill holes are
         systematically logged for geophysics with in-rod and open-hole surveys, as mentioned in

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 111


         Section 7.2.4, to collect parameters like natural gamma, density, caliper, magnetic
         susceptibility and fluid / rock resistivity. Optical / acoustic televiewer data is collected in
         selected drill holes.
         Quality control standards for downhole geophysical data are applied to monitor data quality
         and ensure the credibility of the geophysical log data. The WAIO downhole geophysics
         QAQC process involves calibration (that checks accuracy and repeatability of density and
         other tools), reproducibility (that monitors the precision of all tools under local conditions) and
         independent validation (that compares like measurements recorded by different /
         independent means).

8.5      Opinion on Adequacy
         It is the QP’s opinion that the sample preparation, security, and analytical procedures are
         sufficient to provide reliable data to support estimation of Mineral Resources.

8.6      Non-Conventional Industry Practice
         The Downhole Assay Tool (DHAT) described in Section 8.3.5 is used to collect downhole
         assays and are non-conventional industry practice. Frequent calibration of these tools is
         undertaken to monitor the assay reliability for their intended purposes, in other words, the
         definition of ore boundaries in blast blocks and grade control in the tactical mine planning
         horizon and as a verification tool for RC sampling of the exploration holes (strategic horizon).
         However, these assay results are not used in the estimation of Mineral Resources.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 112


9        Data Verification

9.1      Data Verification Procedures

9.1.1    Drill hole Data Management, Validation and Approval
         An in-house data management team manages the drill hole data used for resource estimates
         to ensure the data is managed to meet the data integrity requirements of WAIO. All drill hole
         data is maintained internally in a comprehensive drill hole database using the Microsoft®
         SQL Server relational database technologies, complemented by specialist data management
         systems (namely MicromineTM Geobank, and in-house systems developed for the purpose)
         to acquire, load, manage, validate, approve and provide drill hole data for use, access to
         which is restricted to authorised users only. This database is structured such that quality data
         and relevant meta-data are integrated with the primary geological, geochemical, geophysical
         and hyperspectral-based mineralogical data.
         All data collected in the field are entered into the database using a computerised field logging
         system, which includes controlled input through drop-down lists and inbuilt validation checks
         to trap erroneous data at the earliest possible stage.
         Samples are assayed at the laboratory in pre-defined batches and results are digitally
         uploaded to an intermediate holding database. BHP applies strict validation rules including
         confirmation of acceptable QAQC results for each batch of samples assayed. Batch
         validation is managed by specialist Geochemists.
         Drill hole collar locations are surveyed by BHP Surveyors, and they provide the collar
         information electronically to the drill hole database for automatic loading. The BHP surveyors
         use QAQC processes to ensure the data meets the required data quality.
         All drill hole data are loaded into the drill hole intermediate holding database, using agreed
         standardised file formats by data loaders, to remove the need for any manual data entry, or
         manual file loads, ensuring no introduction of errors or issues that can be introduced from
         data entry. These data loads have strict validation rules including confirmation of the
         existence of drill hole details, sample details or ranges of data. The data management team
         monitors the validations and success of the data loads, and any issues are sent to the
         responsible geologist for resolution, including re-provision of the data electronically.
         Once all the data is loaded into the intermediate holding database, validations on the data
         are applied, and all errors are resolved before the data can be approved and be used in other
         processes such as resource estimation. Once drill hole data is approved it is transferred to a
         read-only master drill hole database where the data can be accessed for use.
         The drill hole data exports for use in geological and resource modelling are by standardised
         exports from the Geobank system. Data exported from the drill hole database for resource
         modelling contains summary statistics, and on the load of the exported data into the modelling


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                                                                          Page 113


         systems, statistical checks are performed to ensure that the data loaded is the same as
         exported.
         A schematic flowsheet of the WAIO drill hole logging and database model is shown in
         Figure 9-1 with blue arrows/lines indicating the direction of data flow (i.e input or output).
                                                                                                                                                                        Legend
                                                                                                                                                                        Activities/
                                                                                                                                                                        Processes
                                                      WAIO Drillhole Logging and Database Model
                                                                                                                                                                Database
                                                                                                                                                                               Local/Network


              External
             Laboratory
              (Bureau
                             Assays                                                                                             Drilling Activity
               Veritas)                                                       Field Logging                                     Management
              External                                                                                                                                                         Supervisor
                                                                                                                                                                             Project / Driller
             Laboratory    Hyperspectral                                      Geobank                                              Unapproved
              (Bureau       Mineralogy
               Veritas)                                                     Field Logging                                     Drillholes Validation
                                                                              Database                                        & Approval System
                                                                                                         Plods
                                                                                                                                                                 Online
                BHP                                                                                      Data                                                    Import/
              Surveyor
                           Collar Surveys                                                                                           Sample                      View/Edit
                                                                             Logging in                                            Despatch
                                                                                                                                                                                  Geologist
                                                                              Progress                    Unapproved                                                          Field Technician
             Geophysics    Downhole                                           Database                       holes
             Contractors   Geophysics                                                                                            Hole Tracking
              (Kinetic/    (Gamma, Density,
               Imdex)      Calipher)                                   Logging Completed Drillholes
                                                                                                                    Samples

                                                                                                                                                                            Resource Modelling
                                                                                                                                                                                 Extracts
             Geophysics
                                                                            Unapproved                                                                                      with Validation List
                           Televiewer Data
             Contractor
                              OTV/ATV
                                                       Data Loader           Drillholes
              (Kinetic)
                                                                             Database                                              Geobank
                                                                                                                                   (Export)
                                                                                                      Drill Plans
                                                                                Approved                                                                                        Graphics Logs
               BHP           Televiewer
                                                                                Drillholes                                                                                       Geologists
             Geologists    Interpretations
                                                                                                                                                      1. Drill Locations/
                                                                                                                                     GIS              2. Pads/
                                                                                                                                   (Export)           3. Planned Holes/
               BHP
                                                                               Master                                                                 4. Max Fe
                            Core Density                                      Drillholes                                                                                           GIS Users
             Geologists
                                                                              Database
                                                                                                                                    Drillhole
              External                                                                                                              Reports
                           GeoMet Test
             Laboratory
               (ALS)       Results                                                                                                                                                    Reports

                                                                              Database                                           Other Adhoc
                                                                             Processing                                            (Export)
                                                                                                                                                                               CSV Extracts



         Figure 9-1: A Schematic Flowsheet of WAIO Drill Hole Logging and Database Model



9.1.2    Internal and External Reviews on Drill hole Database
         As part of the controls to ensure ongoing drill hole data integrity, several database
         management controls are undertaken. The effectiveness tests of these controls are
         completed annually. These controls include:
            i.        Secure and restricted access. Database access is only granted after approval by
                      authorised approvers. Access is restricted to people who need this access for their
                      work. Access is removed where it is no longer required.
           ii.        Systematic and reliable data backup of the databases. The system is backed up
                      nightly as per standard BHP Technology backup procedures. Regular copies of the
                      production drill hole database are restored to the quality assurance and test servers


                                              Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                                                          30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 114


                      to test the backup procedures and recovery of the backups. To date there have been
                      no failures for this test.
           iii.       System changes are managed and controlled. Input and modification of databases
                      are tracked and restricted to authorised persons. Data validation rules are utilised to
                      ensure data integrity and any changes to data are tracked in audit tables.
           iv.        Data management issues potentially material to data quality are documented and
                      made available in the drill hole system data quality register.
           v.         Drill hole database audits are conducted periodically by external and/or internal
                      auditors to ensure data integrity is maintained and shielded from material risks caused
                      by changes in systems, data management processes, data types, resource modelling
                      or resource reporting. The periodicity of audit(s) is an outcome of an annual
                      verification process, which is completed by key users of the databases to identify if
                      any material risks may have been introduced from the above changes in the period.
         Following the above risk-based approach, external and/or internal audits have been
         completed from time to time to ensure data integrity is maintained as per the controls. The
         last external audit was completed in January 2020 by GAD Solutions (an independent
         Geoscience Data Management consultancy firm, based in Brisbane Queensland, Australia).
         The audit focused on a detailed assessment of the data integrity, starting with data acquisition
         in the field through to its use in modelling, to ensure that the process was complete,
         maintained integrity and did not contain any material issues. In summary, the audit found no
         issues that have a material impact to resource estimations, with only minor issues identified
         and recommendations made for improvements.

9.1.3    Downhole Geophysical Data Validation, Verification and Audits
         Geophysical data is applied both qualitatively and quantitatively in construction of geological
         models, resource models, and geotechnical models. Quality control and verification
         procedures are aligned to the intended use of the data. For example, if data is used
         quantitatively, it is not sufficient to just demonstrate a valid tool response, but also to
         demonstrate a required level of accuracy. The process for verification for certain important
         parameters is described below.
         Density Verification - Geophysical density is required to be accurate as well as precise as
         the data is used to estimate resource tonnage. The following measures are used to assess
         repeat log density data:

                  •   Difference between the mean of the original survey and repeat: The difference should
                      be zero, or close to zero. Deviation from zero may indicate bias (faulty calibration) or
                      flag tool fault, if external factors such as rough borehole condition, change in borehole
                      condition over time, or unaccounted depth mismatch between logs do not affect the
                      outcome. Data is reviewed where the difference exceeds the manufacturer tolerance
                      level of the tool at ±0.05 g/cc.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 115



              •   Analysis of the pairwise difference between original and resurvey measurements: In
                  the absence of external factors, deviation from the zero mean of the pairwise
                  differences will result when there is a bias between the two datasets. Data is reviewed
                  where the difference exceeds ±0.05 g/cc. Spread or variability about the mean is
                  given by the standard deviation, and the RMS error serves as a measure how far on
                  average the error is from zero.

              •   Linear regression of the repeat against the original survey: Linear correlation is used
                  as an indicator of precision. Data is reviewed where the correlation coefficient is less
                  than 0.8. Low correlation is not necessarily due to low measurement precision and
                  can also arise if there is low contrast in the data and / or data outliers due to external
                  factors, such as borehole condition. Regression in this context is not a reliable
                  measure of accuracy.
         Where error is indicated the resurvey borehole, or the calibration repeatability borehole may
         be re-logged. If the issue cannot be determined and / or corrected, then production log data
         acquired during the calibration cycle of the faulty tool may be excluded and will then be
         unavailable for modelling.
         In situ bulk density (ISBD) measured from diamond drill core using the caliper and weight
         method is used as an independent QA check of downhole density data. To statistically
         compare the geophysical and core density data the 10cm sampled geophysical data is scaled
         to match the core data sample interval by averaging the geophysical data over the depth
         interval of each core measurement sample (generally between 1m and 1.5m). Measures to
         validate the geophysical density from core density data are similar to those for repeat surveys
         listed above. Trace correlation is used where the data is displayed graphically as depth log
         plots, cross plots, histograms, and Q-Q plots.
         Borehole Deviation Verification - A robust geological model depends on accurate
         knowledge of the location of model data in the subsurface. Borehole path or deviation is
         measured routinely utilising both gyroscope and magnetometer-based survey tools. The
         logging contractor undertakes regular checks on tool performance using a deviation jig and
         undertakes a full calibration periodically as per industry standard. BHP monitors tool
         performance where more than one deviation survey is conducted in a borehole, e.g.,
         resurveys, boreholes with televiewer surveys, etc. The maximum difference in hole location
         must be less than 2m over 100m of borehole length. Remedial actions for non-conformance
         include re-surveying affected boreholes else exclusion of data / boreholes from modelling
         where this may not be possible. Intervals of strongly magnetic formation that locally affect
         the accuracy of magnetometer-based deviation tools are identified and interpolated through
         a standardised routine within the Geoscience data management system.
         Downhole Televiewers for Structural Orientation Verification - Televiewers deliver
         oriented structural information used to guide geological modelling of deposits and mine pit

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 116


         design. Verification of image orientation and interpretability is required to ensure the accuracy
         of interpretation and orientation of identified bedding and structures. Boreholes are pre-
         conditioned by washing prior to survey to remove drilling mud caking the borehole walls and
         to minimise the possibility of interpretation bias from partial visibility of the underlying
         formation. Verification processes for televiewer data are:

              •   Track unique tool ID and tool image offset position for each tool deployed.

              •   Confirm borehole name, location, and depth registration of image by matching
                  corresponding log data such as natural gamma and magnetometer traces to
                  previously acquired open hole geophysical logs.

              •   Confirm image orientation by validating televiewer borehole deviation survey with
                  deviation surveys acquired with other tools.

              •   Monitor image quality for dropouts, tool-jump artefacts, blurred image, dirt on lens that
                  affect the ability to unambiguously identify geological and structural features.

              •   Rate each image for interpretability based on the amount and quality of visible
                  formation imaged.

              •   Peer-review all televiewer interpretations to validate correct classification of features,
                  accuracy of picking and correction of structure orientation for deviation of the
                  borehole.
         Non-conformance to these criteria triggers a rewash of the borehole and resurvey of the
         televiewer.
         Orientation data is not corrected for magnetic declination, which is less than 2° east of true
         north in the Pilbara. Annual wander of the magnetic north pole is less than a degree since
         1985 and the range in declination is less than 0.3° across the area encompassing all WAIO
         current mine and exploration sites.

9.1.4    Verification for Data Quality Issues
         All data used for resource estimation are subject to a critical review and validation
         procedures. The reasoning behind the final selected dataset is detailed in the resource
         estimation report and agreed with the qualified person. Any data irregularities as well as data
         amendments are captured in a Data Quality Register (DQR).
         The extract from the BHP Master Database includes several validation checks, as listed in
         Table 9-1. These are reviewed and any errors either resolved or flagged for further action
         such as removal from the resource database or flagging of low confidence.
         The database contains several quality variables. Ratings are given to holes and samples
         based on the completeness of the survey data (collar, down-hole, and gamma survey data).
         While most of the drillholes are vertical and relatively shallow, angled holes and deep holes

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                           Page 117


         with missing surveys have the potential for unknown downhole deviation and therefore
         significant unrecorded lateral movement during drilling. This uncertainty is taken into account
         during resource classification.
         The following adjustments are made to the raw assay data:
              •    Default grades of -99 for missing assay values; and
              •    Below detection limit assay values (negative values) converted to -2/3 of the negative value.
                   Where the resultant value is less than 0.001 the assay field is given a default value of 0.001.

         The adjusted assays are then used to produce the Total Assay (oxide equivalent total
         value) using the equation:
           Total Assay = (Fe*1.4297) + (P*2.2914) +SiO2 +Al2O3+LOI+CaO+ (Mn*1.3883) +MgO+TiO2+K2O

         Total assay values are considered acceptable if they fall within 97-102%. Samples outside
         of tolerance are investigated and assessed on a case-by-case basis.
         Each sample also has an associated numeric identifier record if the total chemistry is within
         tolerance (97-102%), and extra weighting applied for each major element analysed (Fe, P,
         SiO2, Al2O3 and LOI) and for each minor element analysed (Mn, CaO, K2O, MgO, S and
         TiO2). Typically, samples with identifier records below a certain threshold are considered
         unreliable, and appropriate treatment of these samples is assessed on a case-by-case basis.
         Relevant teams supply reports detailing assessment of sampling, assaying, geophysical,
         down-hole and collar survey QAQC data. These QAQC reports are reviewed to ensure that
         all aspects have been covered and conclusions are consistent with program requirements,
         including historical data.
         For older historic QAQC data that has not been previously assessed or reported, the relevant
         team is informed of this and QAQC undertaken (geophysics or geochemistry).
         In addition to this, the data is continually checked during modelling and resource estimation,
         with any discrepancies between the expected downhole information and logged information
         investigated in case there has been an error with hole location.
         Table 9-1: Database export validations
                  Validation Process                                           Validation checks
                                                    Lists any holes excluded from previous resource models and the
          Excluded holes
                                                    reasons for the exclusions.
                                                    Any notes from the database validation checks, including whether
          DQR Quality Issue Holes
                                                    or not the issue has been resolved.
          DQR Rule Validations                      Records that fail the database validation rules.
          Data Validation                           Warnings or errors in data (e.g., survey co-ordinates at a greater
          warnings/errors                           distance from design co-ordinates than expected tolerance).
                                                    Statistics for all files and fields exported (counts, basic descriptive
          Data Statistics
                                                    statistics for numeric fields).


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3        30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 118


          Drillhole Collar vs Topo                  Holes with the collar sitting greater than 2.5m above or below
          Warnings                                  topo.
          Drillhole Survey Analysis                 Intervals where combined azimuth and dip deviation is greater
          Warnings                                  than 3° over 5m.
          Drillhole Unsurveyed Holes                Unsurveyed drill holes
                                                    Checks that the export from Geobank database to the software
          Database export validation
                                                    (in this case VulcanTM) has not corrupted the drilling data

9.2      Limitations on Verifications
         Data verification is required to be performed as part of BHP’s routine processes (Section 9.1).
         The QP is not aware of any limitations or impediments to conduct such verification.

9.3      Opinion on Data Adequacy
         The QP has reviewed all stages of the data verification process. Based on this review work
         completed, in the QP’s opinion, the data verification procedures detailed in this Section are
         adequate to understand the quality of the data and the resultant level of confidence. The
         qualified person is also of the opinion that the data being used for the estimation of Mineral
         Resources is adequate for the purpose used in this Technical Report Summary.
         Most uncertainty is attached to historic drilling which might not have sufficient survey or assay
         QAQC data attached. In the majority of cases, these holes have been replaced by new drilling
         and are not used in resource estimation. In the rare instances where there is insufficient
         surrounding data and data of sub-optimal quality is used, the samples are flagged to indicate
         the lack of confidence. This flagging is incorporated into the estimate to allow the influence
         of these samples to be tracked. The confidence in the influenced blocks is then downgraded
         during classification.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 119


10       Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing

10.1     Geometallurgical Testing and Analytical Procedures
         Metallurgical testing undertaken by WAIO is for the purpose of estimating the volume of lump
         production and characterisation of lump and fines in the final shipped ore.
         WAIO’s run-of-mine (ROM) ore is high-quality hematite-type direct shipping ore (DSO) with
         average iron content greater than 60% and is capable of being used as raw material for iron
         and steel making without the need for any further concentration or beneficiation.
         The ROM ore only requires crushing and screening to produce the two industry-standard
         DSO marketable ore types; lump (nominal particle size -31.5 to +6.3 mm) and fines (size -
         6.3 mm). Of these, the lump ore type can be fed directly into the blast furnace and hence
         attracts a pricing premium compared to fines, which requires sintering.
         WAIO Mineral Resources are reported as in-situ wet tonnes and dry head grades, but the
         percentage of lump can vary within each deposit depending on ore type, stratigraphic unit
         and depth from surface. Hence it is important for WAIO to estimate, at the stage of resource
         modelling, the volumes of lump and fines ore types through the supply chain (from primary
         crushing to the final shipped ore).
         The objective of geometallurgical testing is to obtain regression parameters, which can be
         applied to the resource models, to predict tonnage and grade parameters for lump and fines
         ore types at different points in the supply chain. These predictive regressions are applied to
         the resource models on a block-by-block basis, prior to their use for mine planning and
         scheduling work. Figure 10-1 provides a high-level overview of the standard geometallurgical
         characterisation process at WAIO.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 120




         Figure 10-1: Geometallurgical Characterisation Process Flow



         The first step of geometallurgical testing involves subjecting diamond drill core samples (PQ3
         size, 83mm core diameter) to a three-stage crushing, dropping and tumbling process to
         simulate approximate conditions at the stockyard and train load out point at the mine (As
         Crushed, AC and As Dropped, AD), and at the ship loading point at the port (As Shipped,
         AS).
         Based on the results of each stage, samples are composited by stratigraphy and depth bin,
         before the next stage of treatment and subsequent testwork. The testing and analytical
         procedures which are then performed on these composite samples from each stage, along
         with an overview of the key testing and analysis procedures, are briefly described below:
         Lump yield is determined by weighing the mass of +/-6.3mm fractions (i.e., lump and fines
         fractions) after each of above three stages and determining the mass percentage of lump.
         Sizing data (for AC, AD and AS) are collected at pre-defined size intervals starting from lump
         (+6.3mm) to fines (-6.3mm) and down to ultrafine fractions (-0.15mm). Duplicate samples



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 121


         and integrity checks (IC) are performed to ensure sizing data quality at different crushing
         stages.
         Chemical analysis for different elements at various processing stages (AC, AD to AS) is
         done by XRF, and QAQC checks are performed at the laboratory as well as integrity checks
         (IC) against the known standards provided by WAIO to the laboratory.
         Assay by size involves assay of individual sample size fractions, including ultrafine (-0.15
         mm) fractions, and QAQC checks are done using known standards.
         Compacted and uncompacted density tests are performed on ore type / depth composites
         of AD lump and fines with reference to the ISO 3852:1988 procedure.
         AC assay pulps are routinely scanned with a HyLogger visible-near to shortwave infrared
         spectrometer and a Fourier transform mid-wave to thermal infrared spectrometer to derive
         mineralogy estimates at the AC stage.
         Quantitative XRD is undertaken on AS lump and fines composite samples.
         In addition, the following metallurgical testwork is conducted.

              •   Reduction disintegration Index (RDI) to measure sample response to furnace
                  reducing conditions under load based on the JIS M 8720 (< 2012), ISO 4696-2:2015
                  test method.

              •   Reducibility Index (RI) to measure the ease of removing oxygen from the iron ore,
                  which is related to porosity, following the JISM8713 Method 1 (Newcastle Technology
                  Centre and SGS), ISO 7215: 2015 (ALS).

              •   Decrepitation index (DI) to measure thermal shock when the sample material is
                  exposed to the rapid, extreme increase in temperature within the blast furnace based
                  on the ISO 8371 – 2007 test method standard.

              •   Tumble Index (TI) and Abrasion Index (AI) to measure susceptibility of the sample to
                  abrasion breakage (ISO 3271 – 2007).

              •   Shatter Index (SI) to measure susceptibility of the sample to volume breakage based
                  on the JIS M 8711 – 1971 standard.

10.2     Sample Representativeness
         Targeted PQ3-size diamond drilling programs are designed and executed to ensure that
         geometallurgical test samples are collected from all relevant ore types and mineralisation
         styles that offer present and future potential for mining and processing.
         The geometallurgical drill holes for a deposit are planned based on an analysis of the
         respective resource model to estimate resource proportions in domains with reference to
         stratigraphy, weathering, depth bins and water table. These resource proportions help in


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 122


         determining the quantity of samples required to allow for representativity of the targeted
         deposit. An in-house Python-based software program is used to select priority drill holes to
         obtain sufficient sample mass that is reflective of the modelled proportions of stratigraphy,
         ore grades, weathering and depth-bin combinations to carry out the test works for
         geometallurgical characterisation of the deposit. The drill hole selection simulation process
         is also designed to capture historical geometallurgical test work data and the test work gaps
         if any, based on the resource proportions from the resource model.
         Based on the above procedure, samples representing intervals from PQ diamond drill holes
         are collected from across the deposit and covering all stratigraphic units and all depth bins to
         ensure sample representativity, as shown in Figure 10-2. Geometallurgical drilling programs
         are designed to twin the proposed diamond drill holes against an existing RC drill hole to
         ensure topographical, mineralisation and grade representativity. The target drilling coverage
         for a particular deposit, benchmarked against coverage in active mining areas where the
         geometallurgical reconciliation performance is within tolerance, is five PQ metres of drilling
         per million tonnes of total resource.




         Figure 10-2: Illustration of Geometallurgical Sample Representativity by Stratigraphy



         In view of the above, the QP is of the opinion that the geometallurgical samples are
         representative of the various ore types and mineralisation styles and for whole deposits which



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 123


         are currently under production. For sustaining and exploration stage deposits, more samples
         are required to be collected prior to starting extraction.

10.3     Testing Laboratories
         Various components of the geometallurgical tests and related analytical work are undertaken
         at the following accredited commercial laboratories within Australia, which are independent
         of BHP.

              •   ALS Metallurgy Limited (ALS) Iron Ore Technology Centre in Perth, Western Australia
                  for geometallurgical simulation test work. This laboratory is ISO 17025 certified and
                  National Association of Testing Authorities (NATA) accredited.
              •   Bureau Veritas Australia in Perth, Western Australia for assaying and mineralogy.
                  This laboratory is also ISO 17025 certified and National Association of Testing
                  Authorities (NATA) accredited.
              •   The University of Newcastle Research Association (TUNRA) Bulk Solids in
                  Newcastle, New South Wales for metallurgical test work (lump hot and cold burden).
                  This is an ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and AS 45001 certified laboratory.

10.4     Relevant Results
         The main results of the geometallurgical test programs are:

              •   estimated lump and fines yield and grade,
              •   assay and sizing data, and
              •   metallurgical properties.
         The lump/fines data as well as assay and sizing data are composited by assay, stratigraphy,
         density and depth for domaining. Exploratory data analysis (EDA) is carried out to ensure
         that the domains are statistically sound and outliers are understood, to ensure the data quality
         is sufficient to be used for model building, and the results are validated with the previous
         model (if available) for grade and lump/fines ratio.
         This data is then used to generate predictive regression models for the estimation of lump
         and fines ore types through the supply chain from the mine to the port. All ore produced (lump
         and fines) is shipped to customers. The incidence and proportions of deleterious elements
         (P, Al and Si) are kept within specified limits (internal shipping targets) by using an
         appropriate cut-off grade for resource estimation from the block model.
         Predictive Model Development – The current and standard predictive geometallurgical
         model build procedure, using multiple linear regressions, has been in practice since 2012.
         WAIO uses a programming platform, MATLAB, to build the geometallurgical models from the
         predictor variables, namely, head grades / chemistry, depth and density. Variable selection
         is via a model build script, which assesses the statistical significance of a predictor variable,



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 124


         one variable at a time, to arrive at a single model. The regression models, based on
         stratigraphy and/or weathering domains, predict:
              (i) lump percent,
              (ii) Major-element lump grades (i.e Fe and the deleterious elements P, SiO2, Al2O3 and
                   LOI) and
              (iii) ultra-fines percent (as a percentage of fines) at the mine and at the port.
         In using this methodology, an assumption is made that a multiple linear regression model is
         a valid model for the prediction of lump and lump grades. Reconciliation data is reviewed
         monthly and quarterly to provide a feedback loop for any improvement of the regression
         model.
         The geometallurgical model build process also takes into account the impact of processing
         inefficiencies and differences (to laboratory conditions) on the operational production of lump
         and fines. Generation of these ore types under perfectly optimised laboratory conditions does
         not take into account oversize or undersize material that inherently reports to these ore types
         during processing.
         Model Deployment - The geometallurgical models are applied to long- and short-term
         resource models (including grade control models), on a block-by-block basis. This occurs as
         a post-processing step on the resource models, and prior to use for mine planning work. The
         models are deployed against domains that are considered appropriate to the nature and ore
         types across WAIO deposits. Typically, a geometallurgical domain, against which a model is
         deployed, is based on stratigraphy, weathering and ore classification.
         The management of geometallurgical model versions and updates occurs using a model
         register. The model register is also used to track model versions deployed in resource
         models.
         Reconciliation of Model Performance – Monitoring geometallurgical model performance
         occurs using an industry standard, third party software platform, ‘Reconcilor’, developed by
         Snowden Technologies. The implementation of monitoring geometallurgical model
         performance (actuals against estimates, at the mine and at the port) using Reconcilor
         occurred in 2014, with the current reconciliation procedure has been in place since April 2016.
         Each hub approves the data, which forms the basis for the reconciliation of lump and fines
         yields and Fe grades, including the deleterious elements P, Al and Si, on a monthly basis.
         Review of the reconciled data occurs on a monthly and quarterly basis. These reviews
         provide a feedback loop for the requirement of additional drilling to increase deposit
         knowledge and understanding and/or the improvement of predictive geometallurgical model
         builds for lump estimation in Brockman and Marra Mamba ore types.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 125


         In previous years, the lump ore type has accounted for approximately 35% of WAIO’s annual
         production derived from BKM and MM ores (and around 26% of total production, including
         CID ore which is 100% fines).

10.5     Adequacy of Data and Non-Conventional Industry Practice
         It is the QP’s opinion that the geometallurgical data being used for the estimation and
         characterisation of lump and fines ore types is adequate for the purpose used in this
         Technical Report Summary. Further, the current analytical procedures for geometallurgical
         testing are considered conventional and therefore in the opinion of the QP there is limited
         risk in using the results for estimation and characterisation of lump and fines ore types.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 126


11       Mineral Resource Estimates

11.1     Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods Used
         As described in Section 6, WAIO owns a number of stratigraphically-controlled deposits
         spreading over three main operating regions, namely, Eastern Pilbara, Central Pilbara and
         Yandi. Mineralisation in these deposits extend more or less continuously over strike lengths
         of 5-10km for some and up to 50-60km for others. Therefore, for the ease of building
         geological and resource models, these laterally extensive deposits have been sub-divided
         into manageable areas. Accordingly, WAIO currently maintains about 80 resource models
         from which Mineral Resources are reported and stored in a secure internal database.
         Although this represents a large number of resource models, these models for each ore type
         (namely BKM, MM and CID) are mostly similar because of the similarity in their mineralisation
         styles. As such, these 80 resource models have not been discussed individually.
         The resource estimation process followed by WAIO is well established and is consistent with
         standard industry practice. A set of procedures governs geological interpretation, estimation
         and reporting of Mineral Resources, including peer reviews and independent auditing (by a
         third-party organisation for all major changes and before approval of any capital and by BHP’s
         Resource Centre of Excellence for a few minor changes). It is the QP’s opinion that these
         procedures, summarised throughout Section 11.1, produce resource estimates of sufficient
         quality to be appropriate for their intended purpose of global resource reporting and medium
         to long-term mine planning studies.
         The Mineral Resource qualified person visits sites regularly for program planning and
         reviews, gaining further understanding of the exploration programs and the interpreted
         geological framework.
         The key elements of the geological modelling and resource estimation process are described
         below.

11.1.1 Geological Interpretation
         Geological interpretations of WAIO iron ore deposits are based predominantly on downhole
         wireline logs of natural gamma, with support from geochemistry, mineralogy (Figure 11-1)
         and surface mapping. Downhole televiewer data is also utilised, where available, for
         understanding orientations of stratigraphic and other structural surfaces.
         Alternative interpretations are generated as part of the iterative process to arrive at a
         consistent 3D geological model. Interpretations undergo an extensive internal peer review
         process to ensure accuracy and consistency. All work performed is documented in detail in
         a geological modelling report issued for each model.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 127




         Figure 11-1: Illustration of Typical Downhole Interpretation based on Gamma and Assays



11.1.2 Geological Modelling
         WAIO has established processes and systems for three-dimensional modelling of deposit
         geology, using the implicit modelling strategy within Leapfrog Geo software. Implicit
         modelling allows for the fast and automated formation of 3D surfaces, such as stratigraphic
         contacts, faults and mineralisation shells, directly from geological data points, such as those
         from drilling and mapping. This process is based on algorithms but controlled by the
         modelling geologist to ensure it is a logical and appropriate interpretation.
         Geological models comprise interpreted stratigraphic surfaces (Figure 11-2), weathering
         surfaces (defining the base of hardcap and top of fresh bedrock), the base of detrital material
         (Figure 11-3), and mineralisation shells (Figure 11-4). Faulting is captured by splitting the
         model into fault blocks, with the block model extents and the fault surface(s) bounding each
         fault block, enabling the implicit modelling to run independently in each fault block
         (Figure 11-5). These figures are representative of a typical WAIO Fe geological model.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 128




         Figure 11-2: Illustration of a Cross-section through a 3D Implicit Model
         Note: Model utilises drilling data including OTV data to support stratigraphic interpretation




         Figure 11-3: Illustration of a Weathering Model




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 129




         Figure 11-4: Illustration of a Mineralisation Model




         Figure 11-5: Illustration of a Plan View of Implicit Geological Model and Fault Blocks



         Mineralisation domains are based on “natural” Fe cut-offs and capture stationary in-situ
         mineralisation volumes. A grade shell is constructed and used as a mineralisation constraint


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 130


         during estimation. These shells are generated using a single grade threshold of between 48
         and 52% Fe, this threshold representing the natural cut-off as determined by statistical
         analysis of the sample data. The analysis from one deposit (Bill’s Hill) is presented in
         Figure 11-6 as an example. This cutoff can vary by deposit, but always sits within the Fe%
         range specified above. These domains can also occasionally incorporate unmineralised
         samples and/or low-grade mineralised samples, depending on the globally assessed
         mineralisation cut-offs and the degree of local grade continuity. Dilution of mineralised
         domains can range from a few samples to about 10% of samples within a domain.




         Figure 11-6: Fe Frequency Plot Demonstrating Natural Break in Mineralisation at 50% Fe



11.1.3 Block Modelling
         Block models are constructed with geological, mineralisation and weathering domains, and
         above/below water table domains, based on the wireframed 3D geological interpretation.
         Block models generally use parent blocks with dimensions of 300mE x 100mN x 12mRL.
         Sub-blocks are used to ensure robust representation of geological boundaries and domain
         volumes, and usually comprise 5mE x 5mN x 1mRL. Estimation parent blocks within
         mineralisation are usually half the drill hole spacing in the easting/northing direction and have
         a 3m cell height, creating a possible range from 25mE x 25mN x 3mRL up to 600mE x 300mN
         x 12mRL.
         The main steps of block modelling are described below.
         Data Preparation - Various validation checks are completed on the drilling database to check
         the integrity of spatial data (collar location, downhole deviations), assay data and density
         data. Missing assay data in the database are restricted to historic drill holes and therefore
         limited, with missing assay intervals ignored during the compositing process. Where sample

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 131


         records contain only a sub-set of the standard 11 analytes, the qualified person makes a
         judgement on the use of this data for resource estimation; at a minimum, the five major
         variables (Fe, P, SiO2, Al2O3, LOI) need to be assayed for a sample to be used in estimation.
         Historically, dedicated diamond drilling programs were employed to verify RC sampling;
         however, a move to using the Downhole Assay Tool (DHAT) as a data verification strategy
         was made in FY2015 as described in Section 8.3.5. Results from these programs are used
         for continuous improvement and, in cases where any material bias is indicated, RC data may
         be adjusted to ensure an unbiased resource estimate as described in Section 8.3.5.
         Compositing - Ordinary Kriging operates on the assumption that every sample point
         (composite) has the same sample support as all other sample points. The vast majority of
         drillhole samples for WAIO deposits are 3m in length, and hence the drillhole database is
         generally composited to 3m intervals. The only exceptions are those holes drilled for
         Geometallurgical or Geotechnical purposes where sample lengths range between 0.5m and
         >10m. These holes comprise less than 1% of the total dataset and thus compositing these
         holes to 3m sample lengths will not have a material impact.
         Exploratory Data Analysis - Exploratory data analysis is conducted to identify spatial grade
         trends, and to determine the most appropriate domains for resource estimation. Various
         statistical plots and spatial statistics are generated; these are used to group grade
         populations by stratigraphy, weathering and continuity trends. Figure 11-7 illustrates an
         example of a box plot generated for various domains to visualise grade continuity trends.
         Mineralisation can also be grouped by ore type where both supergene (martite-goethite) and
         hypogene (martite-microplaty hematite) mineralisation types occur and are sufficiently
         spatially distinct. Detrital mineralisation is domained separately. An additional level of
         domaining is added if there are multiple structural domains – defined by fault blocks and/or
         changes in structural orientation or complexity.
         Contact analysis is conducted to determine if domain boundaries should be treated as hard
         or soft. As an example, the boundary between hardcap and transitional mineralisation is
         typically a hard boundary. Declustered descriptive statistics are generated to use during
         validation of the resource estimate.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 132




         Figure 11-7: Illustration of a Box Plot of Fe in Mineralised Brockman and Detrital Units



         Outliers - Extreme grade values, which may impact the creation of variograms and which
         also may require limits placed on their range of influence during estimation, are identified
         during the exploratory data analysis process. All domains are reviewed to determine if they
         contain representative grades for use in resource estimation or erroneous grades to be
         omitted.
         An analysis of outlier samples for each domain and grade variable is conducted to test for:

              •   Erroneous samples

              •   Incorrect stratigraphic, weathering and/or mineralisation domaining

              •   Bimodal or isolated data trends away from the main data population
         The process involves a number of steps as follows:

              •   Identify ‘extreme’ outliers by individual domain - these are deemed to be samples
                  deviating from the mean by more than three times the interquartile range

              •   Generate scatter/histogram/ternary plots of the differing elements for the affected
                  domains

              •   Check if outliers identified are part of the domain trend, or isolated from it

              •   Apply limits to search distances for relevant outlier grades
         Figure 11-8 and Figure 11-9 show examples of how graphs are used to determine outliers.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 133




         Figure 11-8: Example of Probability Plots Identifying Silica Outliers




         Figure 11-9: Example of Scatterplots Identifying Outliers (in red)



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 134


11.1.4 Grade Interpolation
         The Mineral Resources estimates stated in this report are for the purpose of global resource
         reporting and medium to long-term mine planning studies.
         Grade interpolation of Fe, P, SiO2, Al2O3 and LOI into parent cells is typically achieved by
         Ordinary Kriging (OK) for mineralised domains and Inverse Distance Weighted (IDW) for
         minor elements and waste domains, where data is generally more limited. Some deposits
         which have wider drill spacing have been interpolated wholly using IDW. Ordinary kriging is
         used in preference to IDW where possible, as it takes the spatial correlation between samples
         into account during the estimation process. The IDW method is based on the inverse of the
         distance of the sample from the estimation location, with no allowance made for the spatial
         relationship between the samples. In domains where samples are limited, and a spatial
         relationship cannot thus be determined, IDW is used for estimation. It is the QP’s opinion
         that the use of ordinary kriging where possible instils a higher confidence in the resource
         estimate, as it captures the inherent spatial grade variability present.
         Block models use estimation parent cells with dimensions usually half the drill hole spacing
         in easting/northing direction and a 3m cell height, creating a possible range from 25mE x
         25mN x 3mRL up to 600mE x 300mN x 12mRL.
         For OK estimates, search neighbourhood optimisation is performed to minimise the risk of
         conditional bias and smoothing of the estimate. Most current models employ a single pass
         search, with search radii based on the variogram ranges. Un-estimated blocks are either
         given an assigned grade, based on composite averages, or a second, wider pass run is
         conducted to inform remaining blocks. Older models typically used a three-pass strategy
         with each pass having a consecutively wider search.
         Spatial restraints are applied to outlier values on a case-by-case basis, depending on the
         spatial continuity or discontinuity of the underlying geological features, as discussed in the
         section on EDA.
         Most deposits have some degree of folding/structural complexity as discussed in Section 6.
         Where appropriate, unfolding techniques are used, involving unfolding of mineralised blocks
         and data in 3D space, variography analysis and estimation of these domains, and then re-
         folding of the mineralised blocks back to 3D folded space. Locally varying anisotropy is also
         used where there is folding present but unfolding is not suitable. This method flags each
         individual block with the orientation of the stratigraphy (based on a reference surface) and
         rotates the variogram and search ellipse to this orientation during estimation. If none of these
         techniques are suitable, then domains are geometrically divided to allow search strategies
         that enable the use of the most appropriate samples.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 135


11.1.5 Density
         In-situ (wet) bulk density is typically estimated into the models based on geophysical wireline
         data (gamma-gamma single source and, more recently, dual source density tools as
         described in Section 7.2.3). Alternatively, when there is only limited or no wireline data
         available, in-situ (wet) bulk density is assigned using domain averages of filtered density data
         from geophysical wirelines (gamma-gamma single density tool) or from core measurements
         (volume and weight method). These assigned densities are derived either from the deposit
         being estimated or from a nearby proxy.

11.1.6 Geometallurgical Parameters
         Geometallurgical variables are populated by applying a multi-variate algorithm to head-grade
         estimates on a block-by-block basis. These algorithms are based on metallurgical test work
         performed on diamond core to simulate lump and fines ore type generation through the
         supply chain, from primary crushing to the final shipped ore, as described in Section 10.1.

11.1.7 Validation Checks
         Several methods of validating the resource estimate against the input data (drill holes and
         sample composites) are performed, as outlined below:

              •   visual validation of representative plans and sections with drill hole grades and
                  estimated block grades (Figure 11-10);
              •   global statistical comparison of volume-weighted average cell grades to both raw and
                  declustered length-weighted drill hole grades (Figure 11-11);
              •   Swath plots - statistical comparison of volume-weighted average cell grades (north,
                  east and elevation panels) to length-weighted drill hole grades (Figure 11-12);
              •   comparison to Gaussian Change of Support techniques to evaluate smoothing
                  (Figure 11-13);
              •   review of estimation performance data (e.g., cell grade totals, slope of regression);
              •   comparison to previous resource estimates; and
              •   comparison to mining reconciliation data.
         An internal peer review process is also followed and documented throughout each resource
         estimation process. Validation results of WAIO deposits are generally within tolerance limits,
         and where models are outside tolerance, further investigations are carried out to find the
         causes, and remedied as appropriate. It is the QP’s opinion that this methodology of
         validation and peer review represents a robust validation process and follows standard
         industry practice.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 136




         Figure 11-10: Illustration of Typical Visual Validation




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 137




         Red lines represent Block grades (panel OK), dark green lines Samples and light green lines
         declustered Samples.

         Figure 11-11: Typical Global Statistical Comparison – Block grades vs Samples




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 138




         Figure 11-12: Illustration of Typical Swath Plots for Mineralised Transitional MacLeod




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 139




         Black lines represent Samples, red lines Model (panel OK) and green lines Gaussian Change of
         Support (Theoretical SMU) techniques.

         Figure 11-13: Example of Graphical Comparison of Samples and Estimates



11.1.8 Resource Classification Criteria and Uncertainty in the Estimates
         The qualified person has classified Mineral Resources reported in this Technical Report
         Summary into Inferred, Indicated, and Measured Mineral Resources in accordance with
         Items 1303 and 1304 of Regulation S-K (§229.1303 and §229.1304).
         Classification of WAIO Mineral Resources is deposit dependent and detailed within the
         individual resource modelling reports. Factors influencing resource classification include:

              •   data density/spacing in three dimensions,
              •   location, grade and geophysical data quality,
              •   geological continuity and/or complexity,
              •   grade variability,
              •   estimation quality,

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                Page 140



              •   weathering zones and proximity to the water table,
              •   tenure boundaries
              •   the possibility of eventual economic extraction including:
                  o size (horizontal extents and depth) and continuity of mineralisation,
                  o location of the deposit in relation to existing WAIO infrastructure,
                  o mineralisation “ore-type” (standard Brockman, Marra Mamba and CID ore-types
                      or non-standard detrital, Yandicoogina and Weeli Wolli hosted mineralisation) and
                      quality, and
                  o review of heritage and environmental modifying factors.
         WAIO utilises a two-phased approach to classification.
         Phase 1 entails the application of “quantitative criteria” to each model block.
         Quantitative criteria are measured or calculated values and comprise slope of regression,
         kriging variance, kriging efficiency, drill spacing, geology domain, estimation pass,
         weathering, average distance to samples, and number of samples used. Table 11-1 outlines
         a summary of typical quantitative Mineral Resource classification criteria for each of the
         Measured, Indicated and Inferred categories, respectively.
          Table 11-1: Typical Quantitative criteria for Mineral Resource Classification

                                                                       Measured                     Indicated       Inferred
                     Quantitative Criteria
                                                                       Resource                     Resource       Resource
                                                                    OK (Fe, Al2O3,              OK (Fe, Al2O3,   OK (Fe, Al2O3,
          Estimation Method
                                                                     SiO2, P, LOI)               SiO2, P, LOI)    SiO2, P, LOI)
                                                                                                                 >150m x 50m
          Nominal Drillhole Spacing                                 <= 50m x 50m                <= 150m x 50m    but <=600m x
                                                                                                                     100m
          Combined Slope of Regression (Fe,
                                                                           >=0.8                   >=0.5 – 0.6
          Al2O3, SiO2)
          Fe Slope of Regression                                           >=0.8                   >=0.5 – 0.6
          Average Distance to Samples (Fe
                                                                          <150m                  <250 – 350m
          Estimate)
          Estimation Pass                                             Pass = 1                      Pass >= 1      Pass >= 1
          Total Assay                                              >97 and <102%
          Estimation Pass (Density)                                  Pass >=1
          Sample Quality Indicator (where 1 =
                                                                           >=0.5
          100% good quality data)
          Weathering code                                                    <2
         After applying Phase 1 criteria to the model, blocks are then re-classified on a local basis
         using a qualitative, more subjective approach (Phase 2) to address areas of uncertainty and
         inconsistency in classification. Areas of the model where higher uncertainty exists are
         targeted and downgraded in classification category. Some examples of Phase 2 re-
         classification are as follows:



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3              30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                  Page 141



              •   Data density: Closer drill spacing will increase the density of information available
                  for geological interpretation and grade estimation, with a corresponding decrease in
                  uncertainty, depending on local geological complexity and value drivers. Typically, a
                  50m x 50m drill spacing will enable a Measured classification, a 150m x 50m drill
                  spacing will enable an Indicated classification; and greater drill spacings up to 600m
                  will enable an Inferred classification to be applied to a resource estimate. Gaps in
                  data density such as steep terrain, where drillhole access is not possible, are taken
                  into account by downgrading the classification category.
              •   Geological confidence: A complex structure and/or ambiguity in the geological
                  interpretation can lead to a lower confidence for parts of the model. This is taken into
                  account during the classification process, with downgrading of classification
                  categories applied to blocks in the vicinity of these structures / interpretations.
              •   Material type: Hardcap material has historically shown poor production reconciliation,
                  with higher grade variability present. This uncertainty is reflected in the lower
                  classification applied to hardcap with respect to underlying bedrock.
              •   Artefacts such as stripes or bullseyes are present in the distribution of classified
                  model blocks; in this case the classification within the affected region should be made
                  consistent.
         Table 11-2 outlines a summary of typical qualitative Mineral Resource classification criteria
         for each of the Measured, Indicated and Inferred categories respectively. This table outlines
         the various sources of uncertainty present, and how these are addressed.
         Table 11-2: Typical Qualitative criteria for Mineral Resource Classification

             Qualitative                                                                                   Indicated    Inferred
                                                 Measured Resource
              Criteria                                                                                     Resource    Resource
          Geological
                                                              High                                         Medium        Low
          Confidence
          Grade
                                                              High                                         Medium
          Continuity
                                Downgrade due to the absence of important data types such as
                                                     verification of density data
                                   Exclude blocks estimated by extrapolation or where there is
          Data Availability      limited local data available (e.g., down dip beyond the depth of
                                                                drilling)
                                Downgrade where the entire thickness of the mineralised unit is
                                             not adequately tested due to hole failure
                                   Downgrade where structural complexity and/or ambiguity in
          Geology
                                                geological interpretation is present
                                  Exclude weakly mineralised sub members which can display
                                    poor grade continuity and have a low number of samples
          Stratigraphy
                                                               available
                                    Appropriate drilling and sample methods, QAQC data and
          Data Quality
                                                               outcomes


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 142


                                  Downgrade where drillholes are orientated
                                   sub parallel to stratigraphy causing sub
                                   optimal sampling and uncertain contact
                                                    location

                                         Downgrade where assay bias is
                                           demonstrated or suspected

                                   Exclude where there is no realistic prospect of economic extraction due to
          Economic                 various factors including hostile tenement boundaries, infrastructure, in-pit
          extraction               backfilling/waste dumps and areas surrounding important heritage sites or
                                                               environmental sites
                                    Downgrade by one category compared to the underlying
          Weathering –
                                  transitional domain due to the inherent variability and volume
          Hardcap/Detrital
                                       outcomes associated with Hardcap/detrital material
          Spatial
          Continuity and           Downgrade small, isolated volumes defined by limited local
          Local Data                                       sampling
          Availability



         Uncertainty using the above process has been taken into account during the compilation and
         classification of WAIO’s resource estimates, such that in the QP’s opinion they are deemed
         appropriate for their intended purpose of global resource reporting and medium to long-term
         mine planning studies. It is the qualified person’s opinion that this systematic two-phase
         workflow produces a representative and industry-standard application of classification across
         WAIO deposits, with deposit uncertainties addressed appropriately.
         Figure 11-14, Figure 11-15 and Figure 11-16 provide examples of resource classification for
         WAIO deposits, where the influence of data density, grade continuity, weathering, and
         structural complexity upon classification can be seen.




         Note: Collar location, low-grade wireframe (in grey); Measured Mineral Resource (in green) through a
         typical iron deposit.

         Figure 11-14: Measured Resource Classification – Plan view and cross-section




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 143




         Note: Collar location, low-grade wireframe (in grey); Indicated Mineral Resource (in orange) through a
         typical iron deposit

         Figure 11-15: Indicated Resource Classification – Plan view and cross-section




         Note: Collar location, low-grade wireframe (in grey); Inferred Mineral Resource (in red) through a
         typical iron deposit

         Figure 11-16: Inferred Resource Classification – Plan view and cross-section




         Reconciliation carried out on an annual basis supports the confidence WAIO has in the
         resource estimates and related resource classifications. The F1 reconciliation compares the
         grade control model with the mining model, where the mining model is simply the regularised
         resource model (see Section 12.2.6 for a more detailed explanation). The levels of
         uncertainty deemed acceptable by WAIO for each resource class during reconciliation are
         quantified in Table 11-3. Any deposits with tolerances outside those listed below are
         investigated and remediation made as appropriate.
         Table 11-4 provides the F1 reconciliation results for each Resource class across WAIO for
         the full 2021 calendar year and all values are well within the tolerances in Table 11-3.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                            Page 144




         Table 11-3: Acceptable uncertainty tolerances for Mineral Resource class
                                                     Annual Reconciliation Tolerance
               Resource Class              Tonnes                Fe             P, SiO2, Al2O3, LOI
                   Measured           +/- 10% Relative   +/- 0.5% Absolute       +/- 10% Relative
                   Indicated          +/- 15% Relative   +/- 1.0% Absolute       +/- 15% Relative
                    Inferred          +/- 20% Relative   +/- 1.5% Absolute       +/- 20% Relative

         Table 11-4: CY2021 F1 Reconciliation Factor by Resource Classification
                                                                F1 Reconciliation Factors
               Resource Class            Tonnes               Fe      P        SiO2       Al2O3            LOI
               Measured                   1.02               0.996 1.00        1.03       1.08             1.01
               Indicated                  1.02               0.995 1.01        1.06       1.09             1.00
               Inferred                   1.06               0.997 1.05        1.05       1.07             0.97

         Note – F1 reconciliation factors represent the dimensionless ratio of mining model / grade control
         model. The ratios for grade values are calculated on grade percentages not on contained metal units.

         It is the qualified person’s opinion that appropriate reconciliation processes are in place to
         monitor uncertainties and uphold data quality and classification standards.

11.2     Estimates of Mineral Resources

11.2.1 Estimate of Cut-Off Grades
         WAIO’s mining operations are surface / open-cut pits only and therefore all assumptions for
         the estimation of cut-off grade are based on this mining method.
         To estimate cut-off grades, the assumed unit operating cost for the purpose of this report is
         US$17.4 per wmt (details in Section 0). This cost represents the average of WAIO’s actual
         performance for the past three financial years (FY2019 to FY2021). The unit cost is the cost
         to put one wet metric tonne of ore on the ship (i.e free-on-board, FOB) including mining,
         processing, rail port costs and overheads. Assuming an average of 61% Fe in the shipped
         ore and 3.5% in-situ moisture, this unit operating cost equates to US$18.3 per dmt on a 62%
         Fe basis.
         Since the majority of WAIO’s iron ore has been sold against the industry standard Platts 62%
         Fe Fines Index on FOB basis, a Platts 62% Fe Fines Index FOB price of US$86 per dmt has
         been assumed to estimate the cut-off grades. The selected commodity price represents the
         median of the historical actual calendar monthly average prices over a timeframe of the
         preceding three financial years from July 2018 to June 2021. The reason for selecting this
         method is described in Section 12.1.2.
         A mathematical estimate of cut-off grade based on assumed costs of operation and
         commodity prices is not considered suitable to establish the prospects of economic extraction


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3          30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                               Page 145


         for WAIO’s Mineral Resources. This is because iron ore is a bulk commodity and WAIO is a
         producer of direct shipping ore which is sold without any beneficiation or concentration. To
         meet the requirements of its customers WAIO’s shipped ore types must contain a certain
         minimum iron content, coupled with low variability in grade, and this dictates the choice of
         the cut-off grade.
         WAIO aims to maintain a minimum grade of 61% Fe in the fines ore types for BKM and MM
         ore types and 57% Fe in the fines ore for CID ore type. Seeking to achieve these minimum
         iron contents in the shipped ore helps WAIO keep the major deleterious elements within a
         narrow range of the Platts 62% Fe Fines Index specifications (i.e., SiO2 <4%, Al2O3 <2.25%
         and P <0.09%). WAIO aims to maintain these specifications irrespective of the prevailing
         commodity prices and costs of its operations, in order to meet customer expectations and
         avoid price penalties on its ore types.
         In view of the above considerations, a fixed cut-off grade for each of the BKM, MM and CID
         ore types (listed in Table 11-5) is applied for reporting WAIO’s Mineral Resources. These cut-
         off grades do not change with changes in commodity price and costs of operation.
         Table 11-5: Mineral Resource Reporting Cut-off Grade per Ore Type
                                      Ore Type                                                             Cut-off
                     Brockman Iron Formation
                (exclusive of Whaleback Brockman,                         BKM                              ≥54% Fe
                     which is very high-grade)
                       Whaleback Brockman                                 BKM                      ≥ 50% Fe
                   Marra Mamba Iron Formation                             MM                       ≥54% Fe
                       Channel Iron Deposits                              CID                        ≥52%
                       Detrital Iron Deposits                             DID               ≥ 58% Fe and <6% Al2O3



         The selection of these cut-off grades has been tested as described below to confirm that
         these provide a reasonable basis for establishing the prospects of economic extraction for
         WAIO’s Mineral Resources.
         The destination of mined material (to process plant for ore or to waste dump for waste) has
         been analysed based on the actual scheduled tonnes for each Fe grade bin for each ore-
         type in the strategic life-of-asset (LoA) plan. Figure 11-17 is an illustration of this analysis for
         the BKM ore type but similar analyses have also been completed for other ore types.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3             30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 146




         Note: Mineral Resource cut-off grade for BKM material is 54% Fe vs mining cut-off grade of 58% Fe.

         Figure 11-17: Ore vs Waste Contribution per Fe bin (normalised to 100%) for BKM ore type



         These analyses show that it is reasonable to consider that material above the selected
         Mineral Resource cut-off grades would be eligible for sale via blending with higher grade
         ores, as indicated by WAIO strategic mine planning.
         In addition to the above, the required breakeven Platts 62% Fe Fines Index price for the unit
         operating cost of US$18.3 per dmt works out to US$21/t for the 54% Fe cut-off grade. The
         following formula was used for this calculation.




         This breakeven commodity price US$21/t for 54% Fe cut-off grade is below the selected long-
         term commodity price of US$86 per dmt FOB. Therefore the cut-off grades are considered to
         provide a reasonable basis for establishing the prospects of economic extraction for WAIO
         Mineral Resources.
         It is worth clarifying that the Mineral Resource cut-off grades are lower than the typical
         nominal mining cut-off grades that define ore vs waste at the time of mining for each ore type
         at each operating hub (see Table 12-4). Optimised mine plans and mining cut-off grades are
         re-evaluated each year as part of the WAIO LoA planning process, which defines the optimal
         way to produce each blended ore type for the market whilst seeking to obtain the highest
         return possible. Each year the LoA optimisation process uses updated commodity prices,
         penalties for deleterious elements, operating costs and operating capabilities for each mining


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 147


         hub (details in Section 12). The Mineral Resources estimated based on resource cut-off
         grades are used for long-term strategic purposes, whereas mining cut-off grades drive short-
         term tactical decisions.

11.2.2 Metallurgical or Processing Recoveries
         WAIO iron ore deposits are predominantly direct shipping ore (DSO) and the run-of-mine ore
         requires only crushing and screening to produce the final marketable ore types, namely lump
         and fines. In FY2022, less than 2% of the total annual production was beneficiated at a mass
         yield between 95%. The material intended for the beneficiation plant is sourced from only the
         Whaleback deposit and is defined at the time of estimating Mineral Reserve, not during
         Mineral Resource estimation. Based on the design of process plants and historical
         performance, a 100% metallurgical recovery has been considered as the basis for all Mineral
         Resource estimation.

11.2.3 Reference Point for Mineral Resource Estimates
         Mineral Resources estimates are reported as at 30 June 2022 on an in-situ basis and
         exclusive of those parts already converted to Mineral Reserves.

11.2.4 Multiple Commodity Mineral Resource
         This report is a single commodity Mineral Resource and the grade reported is the iron content
         (Fe). However, the most common contaminants like phosphorous (P), silica (SiO2) and
         alumina (Al2O3), together with loss-on-ignition (LOI), are also important quality parameters of
         iron ore. Hence, P, SiO2, Al2O3 and LOI of the iron ore are stated together to define the overall
         ore quality.

11.2.5 Summary of Mineral Resource Estimates
         A summary of Iron Ore Mineral Resources for WAIO at the end of the fiscal year ended 30
         June 2022 based on Platts 62% Fe Fines Index FOB Price of US$86/dmt is presented in
         Table 11-6. These Mineral Resources are exclusive of those Mineral Resources that have
         been converted to Mineral Reserves and on WAIO equity ownership basis.
         In-situ Mineral Resources are reported within the design pit shell for developed deposits, and
         within the optimisation shell for undeveloped deposits. Mineral Resources beneath these
         shells are not considered for reporting pursuant to S-K 1300, as they do not meet the
         Reasonable Prospects for Economic Extraction criteria (RPEE).




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                                                                                     Page 148


         Table 11-6: Summary of Mineral Resources at the end of the Fiscal Year 2022
         Mineral Resources reported in this table are exclusive of Mineral Reserves and attributable to BHP’s economic interest. See
         notes below for commodity price, cut-off grade, point of reference and metallurgical recovery.
          Name of Joint      Measured Mineral Resources                  Indicated Mineral Resources               Measured + Indicated Mineral Resources            Inferred Mineral Resources
            Venture         Mt    %Fe    %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI           Mt   %Fe     %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI                Mt   %Fe        %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI       Mt    %Fe    %P %SiO2 %Al2O3 %LOI
         Mt Newman          250   61.0   0.11   3.5   2.3   6.2        770   59.7   0.13     4.8      2.8    6.3      1,020   60.0   0.12     4.5    2.7   6.3    2,240   59.7   0.12   4.8   2.6   6.4
         Goldsworthy        100   56.7   0.13   7.9   3.6   6.8        490   58.8   0.08     6.0      3.0    6.0        590   58.4   0.09     6.4    3.1   6.2    3,900   59.9   0.10   5.2   2.3   6.2
         Yandi              360   58.3   0.11   4.7   2.4   8.9      1,300   59.4   0.14     4.5      2.3    7.6      1,660   59.2   0.13     4.5    2.3   7.8    1,930   57.9   0.13   5.5   2.6   8.3
         Jimblebar          210   60.1   0.10   5.1   2.9   5.2        560   59.5   0.14     5.3      3.1    5.7        760   59.7   0.13     5.2    3.0   5.6      280   58.6   0.10   5.7   3.4   6.2
         BHP (Non-JV)       170   60.5   0.13   4.8   2.5   5.6        200   59.3   0.13     6.1      2.5    6.0        370   59.9   0.13     5.5    2.5   5.8    2,050   59.0   0.13   4.9   2.8   7.1
         WAIO Total       1,090   59.5   0.11   4.8   2.6   6.8      3,320   59.4   0.13     5.0      2.7    6.6      4,400   59.4   0.12     5.0    2.6   6.7   10,410   59.3   0.12   5.1   2.6   6.8

           (1) Qualified Person: Fleur Muller (MAusIMM). She is a full-time employee of BHP.
           (2) For estimation of cut-off grades and Mineral Resources, a long-term iron ore price of US $86 per dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index and
               unit operating cost of US $17.4 per wmt were used for the purpose of this report, both on FOB Port Hedland basis. The price used represents
               the median of the 3-year trailing calendar monthly averages over the timeframe from July 2018 to June 2021. The unit operating cost is the
               average of the actual yearly operating cost of WAIO for the last three years from FY2019 to FY2021.
           (3) All Mineral Resources were reported on in-situ basis as the point of reference and were exclusive of those parts of Mineral Resources
               which had already been converted to Mineral Reserves. The current practice of open-cut mining method has been assumed for all the
               Mineral Resource estimates.
           (4) The Mineral Resources have an effective date of 30 June 2022 and are reported on the basis of BHP’s economic interest. BHP has a 85%
               economic interest in Newman, Jimblebar, Goldsworthy MAC and Yandi joint ventures and 100% in BHP (Non-JV). POSMAC joint venture,
               in which BHP has 65% interest, holds only 2 Mt Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources and 3 Mt Inferred Mineral Resources and is
               shown as part of Goldsworthy MAC in this table.
           (5) Mineral Resources shown in the table comprise mostly Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) ore types with minor amounts of Detrital
               Iron Deposits (DID) for all joint ventures, except Yandi which additionally include some Channel Iron Deposits (CID). Cut-off grades used
               for estimating the Mineral Resources are: BKM – 54% Fe, MM – 54% Fe, CID – 52% Fe and DID – 58% Fe and <= 6% Al2O3.
           (6) Mineral Resource classification is based on drill spacing, assessments of geostatistical parameters, geological confidence and data quality
               considerations as appropriate.
           (7) The grades listed above (Fe – iron, P – phosphorous, SiO2 – silica and Al2O3 – alumina) refer to in situ mass percentage on a dry weight
               basis. LOI (loss on ignition) refers to loss of mass (dry basis) during the assaying process. Tonnages are reported as wet tonnes for all ore
               types, including approximate moisture contents: BKM – 3%, CID – 8%, DID – 4% and MM – 4%.
           (8) WAIO produces a single commodity (Fe). Additional deleterious elements are reported for quality purposes.
           (9) WAIO is predominantly a producer of direct shipping ore and based on design of process plants and historical performance the metallurgical
               recovery has been assumed as 100% for the purpose of reporting all Mineral Resources.
           (10)Tonnes are shown in million metric tonnes (Mt) and are rounded to nearest 10 million tonnes to reflect order of accuracy of the estimates.
               As a result, some figures may not add up to totals shown in the table.




                                                                  Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                                                    30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 149


         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.

11.3     Opinion on Influences for Economic Extraction
         Estimates of Inferred Mineral Resources have significant geological uncertainty and it should
         not be assumed that all or any part of an Inferred Mineral Resource will be converted to
         Measured or Indicated categories with further work. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral
         Reserves do not meet the threshold for reserve modifying factors, such as estimated
         economic viability, that would allow for conversion to Mineral Reserves.
         The qualified person is of the opinion that, with the recommendations and opportunities
         outlined in Section 23.1, any issues relating to all applicable technical and economic factors
         likely to influence the prospect of economic extraction can be resolved with further work, apart
         from those listed in Table 11-2.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                             Page 150


12       Mineral Reserve Estimates
         WAIO Mineral Reserve estimates are derived from the latest Life of Asset (LoA) mine plan.
         The process flow with key steps in the mine planning process to convert the Mineral Resource
         estimates to the Mineral Reserve estimates are presented in Figure 12-1.




         Figure 12-1: Process flow with Key Steps for Mineral Reserve Estimates
         The WAIO mine plans are regularly (at least annually) optimised as part of the BHP Corporate
         Alignment Planning (CAP) cycle using the open-pit designs together with Mining Models,
         cost, revenue and production rate factors to generate LoA schedules.
         The geotechnical parameters are provided by the WAIO Geotechnical Engineering team.
         These parameters are developed after comprehensive studies, at least of pre-feasibility level,
         for each deposit assessing the geological conditions and factors of safety. The pit slope
         angles are based on these studies outcomes and recommendations (detailed in Section
         13.2.1).
         Ore loss (mining recovery) and dilution are inherent in the process of regularising the
         Resource Models to the Selective Mining Unit (SMU) size to generate the Mining Models.
         The WAIO Iron Ore deposits are bulk deposits and while some ore loss and dilution may
         occur along the edges, this is accounted for in the model regularisation process. No additional
         ore loss factor and dilution have been applied. The net recovery after regularising the
         resource models is between 95% and 90%. Table 12-1 shows the ore recovery factor
         between unregularised resource model and regularised mining model for a deposit in the
         Packsaddle project area at MAC as an illustration.
         In the QPs’ opinion, this methodology is adequate for application of ore loss and dilution
         modifying factors in estimation of the Mineral Reserves.
         Table 12-1: Ore Recovery Factor between Unregularised and Regularised Resource Model
          High-Grade Ore                        Un-regularised                         Regularised Resource       Recovery
          (>58% Fe)                            Resource Model                                  Model              Tonnage
                                           Tonnage(t)       Fe%                       Tonnage(t)      Fe%         %
            All Resource Classes           517,453,014      61.0                      483,449,311     60.9          93.4%
           Measured and Indicated
                                           458,478,690                61.1            435,474,460          61.0     95.0%
                Resource only




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3           30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 151


         Furthermore, the long-term reconciliation factor between Mining Models and shipped ore
         demonstrates that the regularisation process reasonably accounts for ore loss and dilution
         (further details in Section 12.2.6).
         Optimised pit limits and phase generation are determined as described in Section 12.1.4.
         Optimised pit shells are then imported into industry standard mine design software to
         generate pushback and final pit design limits, with crest and toe strings, haul road access
         and incorporating minimum mining widths. Designs are reviewed using internal geotechnical
         expertise. The Mining Model, optimisation and design outputs are each peer reviewed and
         approved for use and audited as required by the internal governance department to ensure
         WAIO quality standards are met.
         The material contained within the final pit designs is then used as input for the mine
         scheduling process. WAIO mine plans are run at annual increments with a target of
         maximising the Ore for Rail (OFR) production to the current capacity of approximately 250
         Mtpa.
         Mineral Reserves contain only that part of Mineral Resources which are scheduled as
         economic ore in the mine plan. Inferred Mineral Resources are allowed to contribute to the
         pit optimisation and the mine schedules but treated as waste for Mineral Reserve estimates
         (i.e. no positive revenue contribution is assigned to the Inferred Mineral Resources).

12.1     Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods Used

12.1.1 Conversion of Resource Models to Mining Models
         The latest and approved resource models and Mineral Resource estimates have been used
         for mine planning and conversion to Mineral Reserves by application of all relevant modifying
         factors.
         The resource models are converted to Mining Models (WAIO equivalent of a “Reserve”
         model) by regularising the resource model blocks to SMU-sized blocks that have a single
         material type and set of grades (Fe, P, SiO2, Al2O3 and LOI). The selected size of the SMUs
         reflects the mining method, the mining equipment and integrity of the supporting resource
         model. SMU sizes range from 10m x 10m x 4m (XYZ) for excavator operations to 10m x 10m
         x 12m (XYZ) for face shovel operations.

12.1.2 Long-term Price Estimate
         Iron ore is a bulk commodity and the commodity price of iron ore types varies depending on
         the supply and demand situation at the time. Since the late 2000’s and with the introduction
         of spot pricing, the commodity price has seen greater variability over both short (week/month)
         and long (year) time horizons. During this period at least two cycles of price variation have
         been observed, with monthly average prices swinging between US$210/dmt and US$40/dmt.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                  Page 152


         WAIO produces four fines ore types and one lump ore type. All the fines iron ore types are
         sold in the market on the benchmark industry-standard Platts 62% Fe Fines Index (Platts
         IODEX). BHP’s Market Analysis and Economics team keeps track of the nominal, calendar
         month average of the Platts 62% Fe Index price FOB Port Hedland.
         Unlike the fines ore types, WAIO’s single lump ore type is sold in the market independent of
         any benchmark price and therefore the Market Analysis and Economics team keeps track of
         the nominal, calendar month average realised price received by BHP FOB Port Hedland.
         The long-term iron ore price for establishing economic viability of WAIO’s Mineral Reserve
         was calculated from the historical actual calendar monthly average prices over a timeframe
         of the preceding three financial years from July 2018 to June 2021. Iron ore is an exchange
         traded commodity and three years is considered a long enough period to cover a range of
         price fluctuations.
         The long-term iron ore price for establishing economic viability was calculated by taking the
         median of these 36 calendar monthly average prices. The median was considered more
         robust than the mean (average) as a few spikes in prices (very high or very low) in the data
         set would skew the ‘mean’ value more compared to the ‘median’ value.
         The method of estimating the long-term iron ore price based on actual historical data is
         considered appropriate, as it is factual, objective, and transparent to the market.
         In addition, the economic analysis presented in Section 19 demonstrates that WAIO’s Mineral
         Reserve estimates have not been highly sensitive to variation in the prices as a result using
         the 3-year median price.
         The estimated long-term prices (rounded to the nearest whole number) for both fines and
         lump ore types are presented in Table 12-2 and have been used for the determination of
         WAIO’s Mineral Reserves as at 30 June 2022.
         Table 12-2: Long-term Iron Ore Price used to Estimate Mineral Reserves
                          IRON ORE - FINES                                                     IRON ORE - LUMP
              Platts 62% Fe Index Price (Port Hedland FOB)                              Lump 62.5% Fe (Port Hedland FOB)
                            US$86 per dmt                                                          US$103 per dmt

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3             30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 153


         It may be noted that the average prices for FY2022 have remained higher than the above
         price assumptions.

12.1.3 Cost Estimates / Assumptions
         At any point in time, production is drawn from multiple separate pits which are at different
         stages in their life – some developing, some in full production and some nearing end of life.
         The active mining benches are located at depths ranging from near surface to bottom of final
         pit. Additionally, the location of pits from material destinations (processing facilities and waste
         dumps) ranges between near the pit to a few kilometres. Therefore, in the opinion of QPs,
         the average haulage distance is not expected to increase significantly and hence the average
         actual operating costs for the total annual production meet pre-feasibility level accuracy (±
         25%) for use in determination of Mineral Reserves. These operating costs have been applied
         at the time of pit optimisation and for the LoA scheduling.
         Capital cost estimates are included in the LoA plan and are based on the estimates derived
         from the Pre-Feasibility level studies utilising experience from the construction of similar
         WAIO projects in the Pilbara region of WA.
         Sustaining capital cost estimates are based on the major equipment rebuild, replacement
         schedule and other capital required to sustain the Optimised Base Plan (OBP) production
         level.
         Significant changes to the cost assumptions are an area of uncertainty, however the Mineral
         Reserve estimates have not been highly sensitive to variation in the cost assumptions, as
         shown in Section 19.
         Closure costs have been included for the pit optimisation and for the LoA schedules by
         conversion into a unit cost per tonne of material mined.
         The estimation of costs for the determination of Mineral Reserves is presented Section 0.

12.1.4 Pit Optimisation Details
         Most of the WAIO pits have been actively mined for a number of years. Pit Optimisation has
         been conducted for each of the pits to determine the optimal economic limit and shape for
         the open-pit, to guide the pit design process.
         Pit Optimisation is undertaken in the BHP in-house software “BlasorFlow” that is based on
         the Lerch-Grossman (LG) algorithm. The LG algorithm is industry standard and the pit
         optimisation outputs from BlasorFlow are similar to other industry standard software(s). This
         method works on the block model of an orebody, along with the recommended overall pit
         slopes defined as structure arcs in the software. BlasorFlow calculates the value of the blocks
         to define a pit outline that has the highest possible economic value and generates progressive
         nested pit shells based on the revenue factors.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 154


         Most commonly, a number of nested pit shells are generated using a range of revenue factors
         from 0.2 to 1.5 at 0.02 increments. That means a series of pit optimisations for the iron ore
         prices ranging from 20% to 150% of the mid-case long-term price.
         Mine Planning engineers use the results of the optimisation to select the most economic and
         most practical pit limit outline to guide the detailed pit design process. The following table and
         figures show the typical results of the optimisation and optimisation analysis to select the pit
         shell.
         Other than the highest NPV, the pit shell selection also considers other important parameters
         such as incremental margin between shells, incremental strip ratio and percentage of
         mineralised material compared to the Revenue Factor 1.0 (RF1.0) shell.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 155


         Table 12-3: Pit Optimisation Selection




         *Highest NPV shell shown in Yellow (#26); RF=1.0 shell shown in Green (#31); Selected pit shown in
         Blue (#11)




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 156




         Figure 12-2: Comparison of Mineralised Material and Value
         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         Pit optimisations are periodically updated when there is a material change to the input
         resource models and price assumptions and if it is practicable to update the economic pit
         limits.
         Most of the pits with Mineral Reserves are actively being mined and are in various stages of
         their life (pre-stripping, active production, close to end). Economic pit-shell selection is
         updated where it is physically practical to change the pit design layout. In the above case,
         shell #11 was selected as the preferred optimal shell, considering that the incremental strip
         ratio would increase significantly with little gain in the total ore and the NPV if the maximum
         NPV shell (#26) was selected (incremental strip ratio between shell #11 and shell #26 of 11.2)
         As described above the selection of optimised pit shells will be influenced by multiple factors
         and final pit shell selection is done by mine planning in engagement with other stakeholders
         (e.g., geotechnical engineer, superintendents from planning and operations teams).

12.1.5 Phase (Pushback) Optimisation
         Once the optimised pit shell is selected, mining phase optimisation is conducted in the same
         software, BlasorFlow. The intention of phase optimisation is to divide the optimal pit into

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 157


         practically mineable stages to maximise the economic return. These incremental mining
         phases are optimised based on NPV and physical shape, honouring the slope parameters.
         These phases are used to guide the sequencing of the mine plan from the highest NPV phase
         to the lowest.
         The following are the main criteria used for phase optimisation and selection:

              •   Maximising economic return by sequencing the mining of high-grade ore early and
                  delaying low-grade or waste as much as practical (lower strip ratio phases early in
                  the sequence).

              •   Phases can support consistent delivery of ore tonnes and quality.

              •   Guided by the optimal pit to ensure the overall NPV of optimal pit is not significantly
                  compromised.

              •   The shape and size of mining phase(s) to allow for ease of mining and ramps or
                  access roads construction.

              •   Sequencing of mining so that early phases can be completed and used for waste rock
                  storage to minimise the waste haulage cost and rehabilitation expenditure.
         Figure 12-3 shows an example of phase optimisation with the highest value phase in blue to
         lowest value phase in red.




         Figure 12-3: Plan showing Phase Optimisation



12.1.6 Reserve Classification and Criteria
         WAIO has a standard approach to Mineral Reserve classification where Proven Mineral
         Reserves are derived from Measured Mineral Resources, and in nearly all cases Probable
         Mineral Reserves are derived from Indicated Mineral Resources.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 158


         This approach is based on the degree of confidence in our ‘modifying factors’ being applied
         to the Mineral Resources.

              •   Proven Mineral Reserve: A Proven Mineral Reserve is the economically mineable
                  part of a Measured Mineral Resource. A Proven Mineral Reserve implies a high
                  degree of confidence in the Modifying Factors.

              •   Probable Mineral Reserve: A Probable Mineral Reserve is the economically
                  mineable part of an Indicated, and in some circumstances, a Measured Mineral
                  Resource. The confidence in the Modifying Factors applying to a Probable Mineral
                  Reserve is lower than that applying to a Proven Mineral Reserve.
         Only in exceptional situations are Measured Mineral Resources classified to Probable
         Mineral Reserves to account for low confidence (uncertainty) in the processing ability (e.g.,
         below water table material). Other than these, no other uncertainties including social license
         to operate have been identified that would downgrade the reported confidence category of
         Mineral Reserves.

12.2     Estimates of Mineral Reserves

12.2.1 Estimate of Cut-Off Grades
         Further to what has already been described in Section 11.2.1, the cut-off grade used for
         reporting of Mineral Reserves is determined by the deposit characteristics and what minimum
         grade material can deliver the market specification for the ore. A grade-tonnage curve is also
         used for determining the minimum grade above which the average grade aligns to the overall
         ore specification. An example of the grade-tonnage curve is shown in Figure 12-4.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                     Page 159


         Figure 12-4: Grade Tonnage Relationship
         The main characteristic of any material used to determine its classification into Ore or Waste
         is its conformance to the target ore specifications and whether or not it can be blended to
         achieve that specification. The ore/waste classification is determined through an optimisation
         process to match the ore specifications of the market and the characteristics of the ore body.
         Deleterious elements can influence the ore-waste classification, however the primary
         determination of ore-waste classification is based on the iron content.
         There is a process of regular review of cut-off grades by the mine planning and marketing
         teams to ensure that the resultant ore quality targets continue to meet business needs.
         The outcome of the LoA plan and mine scheduling process is used to determine the highest
         value fixed cut-off that is appropriate to use for pit optimisation, tactical and short term mine
         planning.
         The cut-off grades currently applied to pit optimisation, tactical and short term mine planning
         are listed in Table 12-4.
         Table 12-4: List of High-grade Fe Cut-Off Grades Currently in Use
                    Hub                 Ore Type                        Deposit(s)                          High-grade Fe Cut-off
                                      MM                        All                                        Fe ≥ 58%
              Mining Area C
                                      BKM                       All                                        Fe ≥ 58%
                South Flank           MM                        All                                        Fe ≥ 58%
                                      BKM                       Whaleback                                  Fe ≥ 62%
                                      BKM Bene                  Whaleback                                  50 ≥ Fe < 62%
           Newman Operations
                                      BKM                       All excluding Whaleback                    Fe ≥ 58%
                                      MM                        All                                        Fe ≥ 57%
                                      BKM                       All                                        Fe ≥ 58%
                 Jimblebar
                                      MM                        All                                        Fe ≥ 58%
                   Yandi              CID                       All                                        Fe ≥ 53.5 to 54.5%



12.2.2 Metallurgical or Processing Recoveries
         WAIO iron ore deposits produce predominantly higher-quality direct shipping ore (DSO),
         which requires only crushing and screening to segregate lump (diameter >6.3mm and
         <32mm) and fines (diameter ≤6.3mm) ore types. Based on the design of process plants and
         historical performance metallurgical recovery is therefore considered as 100% for the
         purpose of all Mineral Reserve estimation, with the exception of the Mount Whaleback
         deposit. A small portion of ore produced from the Mount Whaleback deposit, with Fe content
         ≥ 50% and <60%, is suitable for processing and is classified as Brockman Beneficiation (BKM
         Bene) ore type. Currently only about 30 Mt BKM Bene Mineral Reserve is remaining, and this
         will be processed at the Whaleback Bene Plant (with an average mass yield of 95%).
         Geometallurgical algorithms have been developed after extensive test work and refined over
         the several years of historic production. Geometallurgical models are applied to the Resource

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 160


         Models in order to model shipped ore tonnage, grades and lump/fines yields. This information
         is carried through to the Mining Models used for mine planning.

12.2.3 Reference Point for Mineral Reserve Estimates
         Mineral Reserves are estimated on the basis of ‘as delivered to the ore handling or process
         plant’. The estimates included in this report are as at 30 June 2022.

12.2.4 Multiple Commodity Mineral Reserve
         This report is a single commodity Mineral Reserve, namely iron ore and the most important
         grade parameter is the iron content (Fe). However, the most common contaminants like
         phosphorous (P), silica (SiO2) and alumina (Al2O3), together with loss-on-ignition (LOI), are
         also important quality parameters of iron ore. Therefore, percentages of Fe, P, SiO 2, Al2O3
         and LOI of the iron ore are stated together to define its quality.

12.2.5 Summary of Mineral Reserve Estimates
         A summary of Iron Ore Mineral Reserves for WAIO at the End of the Fiscal Year Ended 30
         June 2022 is presented in Table 12-5.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                                                                    Page 161


         Table 12-5: Summary of Mineral Reserves at the end of the Fiscal Year 2022
         Mineral Reserves reported in this table are attributable to BHP’s economic interest. See notes below for commodity price, cut-off
         grade, point of reference and metallurgical recovery.
          Name of Joint             Proven Mineral Reserves                                 Probable Mineral Reserves                               Total Mineral Reserves
            Venture            Mt    %Fe      %P    %SiO2 %Al2O3       %LOI            Mt      %Fe        %P     %SiO2 %Al2O3        %LOI     Mt    %Fe    %P     %SiO2 %Al2O3    %LOI
         Mt Newman            240    63.7    0.10     2.9      1.8       3.3         510      61.9       0.11        3.4       2.1    5.3     750   62.5   0.11     3.3     2.0    4.6
         Goldsworthy          910    62.0    0.09     3.2      1.8       5.8       1,030      61.0       0.08        3.9       1.9    6.4   1,940   61.5   0.08     3.6     1.8    6.1
         Jimblebar            480    61.8    0.12     3.4      2.5       5.1         410      61.4       0.11        4.1       2.7    4.7     900   61.6   0.12     3.7     2.6    4.9
         WAIO Total         1,630    62.2    0.10     3.2      2.0       5.2       1,960      61.3       0.09        3.8       2.1    5.7   3,590   61.7   0.10     3.6     2.1    5.5

           (1) Qualified Persons: Alex Greaves for Mt Newman, Anastasia Balueva for Goldsworthy and Chris Burke for Jimblebar. They are all full-time
               employees of BHP.
           (2) For estimation of cut-off grades and Mineral Reserves, unit operating cost of US$17.4 per wmt and long-term iron ore price of US $86 per
               dmt for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index for fines and US $103 per dmt for lump were used for the purpose of this report, all on FOB, Port Hedland
               basis. The price used represents the median of the 3-year trailing calendar monthly averages over the timeframe from July 2018 to June
               2021. The unit operating cost is the average of the actual yearly operating cost of WAIO for the last three years from FY2019 to FY2021.
           (3) The point of reference for Mineral Reserves is as delivered to the process or ore handling plant. The current practice of surface mining
               method was assumed for estimating all Mineral Reserves.
           (4) The Mineral Reserves have an effective date of 30 June 2022 and are reported on the basis of BHP’s economic interest. BHP has a 85%
               economic interest in Mt Newman, Goldsworthy and Jimblebar joint ventures. POSMAC joint venture, in which BHP has 65% interest, held
               only 11 Mt Proven and 4 Mt Probable Mineral Reserves which are included as part of Goldsworthy in this table.
           (5) Mineral Reserves shown in the table comprise Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) ore types for all joint ventures. The cut-off grade
               used for estimating the Mineral Reserves for both ore types is typically Fe ≥ 58% with minor exceptions.
           (6) The grades listed above (Fe – iron, P – phosphorous, SiO2 – silica and Al2O3 – alumina) refer to in situ mass percentage on a dry weight
               basis. LOI (loss on ignition) refers to loss of mass (dry basis) during the assaying process. Tonnages are reported as wet tonnes for all ore
               types, including approximate moisture contents: BKM – 3% and MM – 4%.
           (7) WAIO produces a single commodity (Fe). Additional deleterious elements are reported for quality purposes.
           (8) WAIO is predominantly a producer of direct shipping ore and based on design of process plants and historical performance the metallurgical
               recovery has been assumed as 100% for Goldsworthy and Jimblebar JVs and 99% for Mt Newman JV for the purpose of reporting Mineral
               Reserves.
           (9) Tonnes are shown in million metric tonnes (Mt) and rounded to nearest 10 million tonnes to reflect order of accuracy of the estimates. As
               a result, some figures may not add up to totals shown in the table.
         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
         purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
         prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this Technical Report


                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                                          30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                             Page 162


         Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future
         financial or operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.




                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 163




12.2.6 Reconciliation / Relative Confidence of Mineral Reserve Estimates
         Reconciliation of tonnes and grades are carried out at WAIO on a monthly, quarterly and
         annual basis to determine the relative accuracy / confidence in the Mineral Reserve
         estimations and related classifications. This process also gives us quantitative feedback into
         the appropriateness of our Resource Classifications, which are key inputs to the Mineral
         Reserve estimations. The reconciliation process is described below, along with the results
         for the last three calendar years.
         WAIO uses factors to reconcile ore tonnes and grades at some predefined measurement
         points (e.g., mine production, ore shipped) with those estimated in the Reserve Model
         (internally called the Mining Model). The three Reconciliation Factors (F1, F2 and F3) are
         depicted in Figure 12-5 and the purpose of each factor is stated below.

              •   F1 tests the validity of the geological interpretation, grade estimation and modifying
                  factors that inform the Mining Model.

              •   F2 is primarily a test of the accuracy and efficiency of extraction activities.

              •   F3 is a test of the WAIO’s ability to deliver the tonnage and grade of saleable ore as
                  predicted by the Mining Model.




         Figure 12-5: Conceptual Process Map of F1, F2 and F3 Reconciliations at WAIO



         Each of these factors is expressed as a dimensionless ratio of ‘measurement / estimate’.
         Thus, a factor above 1.00 indicates a higher than predicted measurement and any factor
         below 1.00 indicates a lower than predicted measurement. The Reconciliation Factors are
         calculated as follows:



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                        Page 164


         F1 – Throughout the month, for each fired pattern, the Grade Control tonnes and grade of
         ore (material above cut-off grade) are compared with the tonnes and grade of ore in the
         Mining Model. At end of month an in-pit survey determines the volumetric, and hence
         tonnage, depletion of each pattern. The depletions of each of these models are compared to
         calculate the F1 factor as below.
                  F1 = Grade Control Depletion / Mining Model Depletion
         F2 – At end of month, the Grade Control model depletion, adjusted for changes in pre-crusher
         stockpiles, is compared with the tonnes and grade measured at the processing plant to
         calculate the F2 factor as below.
                  F2 = Production / Grade Control Depletion
         F3 – At end of month, the Mining Model’s depletion, adjusted for changes in pre-crusher
         stockpiles, is compared with the tonnes and grade measured on ships to calculate the F3
         factor as below.
                  F3 = Shipping / Mining Model Depletion
         Reconciliations are reported monthly, quarterly and annually as per WAIO standard practice,
         and any divergences outside tolerance limits (factors below 0.90 or above 1.10) are
         investigated and corrective / preventative actions are triggered.
         The annual reconciliation results for tonnes and Fe grade at WAIO level for the last three
         calendar years are shown in Table 12-6.
         Table 12-6: Last 3 Calendar Year Reconciliation Results for Ore Tonnes and Fe grade
                                                                                    Tonnes                            Fe grade
                                    WAIO                                   2019      2020 2021               2019       2020      2021
               F1 - Grade Control Model/Mining Model                        1.01       0.99       1.03       1.005     1.000     0.995
               F2 - Mine Production (Expit)/Grade
               Control Model                                                1.02       1.02       1.01       0.990     0.993     0.992
               F3 - Ore Shipped/Mining Model Shipping
               Equivalent                                                   1.03       1.02       1.07       1.001     0.997     0.996
         As stated above F1 tests the validity of the geological interpretation, grade estimation and
         modifying factors that inform the Mining Model and is also calculated for each Resource
         Class. These classifications provide key inputs into our Reserve Statements. The last three
         annual F1 results for Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources at WAIO level for tonnes
         and iron grade are shown in Table 12-7.
         Table 12-7: Last 3-Yr Reconciliation Results for Measured and Indicated Resource Classes
                                  WAIO                                           Tonnes                              Fe grade
                        Mineral Resource Category                       2019      2020 2021                2019       2020       2021
              F1 - Measured - Grade Control Model /
              Mining Model                                              1.00        0.99       1.02        1.003     0.999       0.996
              F1 - Indicated - Grade Control Model /
              Mining Model                                              1.01        0.99       1.02        1.006     1.001       0.995


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                     30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 165


         Based on results presented in Table 12-6 and Table 12-7, the WAIO reconciliation results
         are well within the defined 10% threshold (i.e., each factor is between 0.90 and 1.10). These
         results demonstrate a good correlation between planning models and production system
         performance.
         Therefore, in the opinion of the QPs, the relative accuracy and confidence of the reserve
         estimates is deemed appropriate for their intended purpose of global Mineral Reserves
         reporting and medium-term production planning. The application of modifying factors
         affecting the accuracy and confidence as stated in Section 12.1 are taken into consideration
         during classification of the model and are therefore addressed by the qualified person in the
         attributed Mineral Reserves classification.

12.3     Opinion on Risk Factors for Modifying Factors
         Areas of uncertainties that may materially impact the Mineral Reserve estimates include:

              •   Changes in the long-term Iron Ore commodity prices.

              •   Exchange rate factor for US$/A$.

              •   Changes in the operating costs and sustaining capital cost assumptions.

              •   Variations in the geotechnical and hydrogeological assumptions

              •   WAIO’s ability to maintain and obtain environmental and heritage approvals and to
                  maintain the social license to operate.
         The QPs are of the opinion that, with the recommendations and opportunities outlined in
         Section 23, any issues relating to all applicable modifying factors that may be likely to affect
         the Mineral Reserves estimate materially can be resolved with further work.
         Mineral Reserve estimates are reviewed and updated at least on a yearly basis or when new
         information becomes available that may materially impact the modifying factors.
         According to the knowledge of the QPs, there are no other legal, socio-economic, land-title,
         tax or permitting issues that could affect the Mineral Reserve estimates materially, which
         have not been discussed in this report.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 166


13       Mining Methods

13.1     Mining Method and Reasons for its Selection
         All mining areas within WAIO currently operate using conventional open-cut mining methods.
         Iron ore is a bulk commodity, and the orebodies are large and near surface, with a relatively
         thin overburden. The orebodies are generally shallow dipping, and most parts of the
         orebodies occur within depths of 200 to 300m from surface, thus leading to low strip ratios.
         These characteristics make the WAIO operations suitable for open-cut mining methods
         including drilling, blasting, loading and hauling.
         WAIO open-cut mining uses face shovels, front-end loaders or backhoe excavators. The full
         bench is drilled and blasted for a 12 m height, sampled three times in 4 m increments and
         three 4 m flitches are then mined. Typical open-cut Iron Ore mining activities are represented
         as a high-level flowchart in Figure 13-1.




         Figure 13-1: Typical Open-cut Mining Method Activity Flowchart



         Drilling is separate for contour areas and production areas. Contour drilling is completed
         using smaller drills on contoured areas of the natural ground and production areas are
         relatively flat-lying large working areas drilled using larger production drills. Bulk explosive
         products, such as ammonium nitrate and fuel or emulsion, are mixed on the bench using
         Mobile Processing Units (MPUs) before being loaded into the drill holes.
         Ore and Waste haulage is done with both manually operated and autonomous haul trucks.
         Waste is hauled directly to the adjacent waste storage areas either ex-pit (on surface) or in-
         pit. Waste material is also utilised as fill material for development works and rehabilitating the
         completed waste dumps.
         Ore is hauled to the Run-of-Mine (ROM) pad where it is stockpiled and blended for ore quality
         before feeding to the crushers using loaders. Some of the ore suitable for blending is also
         hauled directly to the crushers.
         Most mining areas within the Mineral Reserve estimate are existing operations and therefore
         the same mining method is used for developing the mine plan supporting the Mineral Reserve


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 167


         estimates for both existing and new mining areas. This is considered appropriate due to
         demonstrated historical performance over 30 years.

13.2      Parameters Relevant to Mine Designs and Plans

13.2.1 Geotechnical Models
         Mine designs incorporate slope designs that are of at least a pre-feasibility level of study for
         the intended purpose and prevailing risk. This is achieved through the performance
         requirements listed below.
            i.       The design process is based on the following attributes:

                 •   uses the appropriate quality, quantity and spatial distribution of data for the required
                     level of design study;

                 •   employs analysis methods that are recognised internationally as appropriate for the
                     likely ground control failure mechanisms;

                 •   uses design (acceptance) criteria that are compatible with the business safety and
                     economic objectives and required level of design study;

                 •   provides construction parameters that are appropriate to these design criteria;

                 •   identifies any additional stability or risk mitigation measures that are necessary to
                     achieve the required performance (e.g., water management and ground control
                     plans);

                 •   identifies key uncertainties and sensitivities within the design.
           ii.       Designs are approved prior to incorporation into mine plans.

13.2.2 Slope Design Process
         Slope design recommendations are produced by Geotechnical engineers performing slope
         design at specific times. Slope recommendations comprise four essential inputs:

                 •   Batter Face Angle (BFA) – constrained by mining and adjusted to meet Design
                     Acceptance Criteria (DAC).

                 •   Bench Height – adjusted to either single or double batter height, 12m and 24m
                     respectively.

                 •   Berm width – reported as Minimum berm and/or including compensation.

                 •   Inter-ramp angle (IRA) – maximum angle from Limit Equilibrium but adjusted to meet
                     BFA (if applicable).
         The above parameters are delivered for mine design purposes in a table, along with specific
         3D solids, for use in mine design software and to aid in optimisation of the design.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 168


         All design recommendations mature as the pits develop therefore, at each stage, the slope
         design recommendations are updated to ensure geotechnical designs meet the DAC.

13.2.3 Design Acceptance Criteria
         The Geotechnical Design Principles clearly link the Geotechnical model confidence with the
         Design Acceptance Criteria. Table 13-1 articulates the matrix by which Consequence of
         Failure and model confidence is considered against allowable Factor of Safety for a pit slope
         under design.
         Table 13-1: Design Acceptance Criteria




         The geotechnical models used for designs include the following considerations:

              •   Structural Geology – orientation of different rock units along with faults and folds
                  extent and orientation.

              •   Rock Mass Quality – Rock Quality Description (RQD), spacing, orientation, in-situ
                  rock strength.

              •   Other underlying conditions such as water table, porosity, impact on groundwater
                  pressure.
         Geotechnical data is collected using:

              •   Surface mapping

              •   Planned diamond core drilling

              •   Televiewer

              •   Structural Geological model

              •   Groundwater modelling


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 169


         Verification of geotechnical parameters is completed throughout the life of each pit.
         Geotechnical monitoring and data collection is completed on an ongoing basis for
         reconciliation against design and enables continuous improvement.
         WAIO operates a number of pits over a large geographical area with varying ground
         conditions and rock mass properties. The key geotechnical parameters influencing the mine
         design, therefore, can be different across different mining areas. For geotechnical designs,
         each area is interrogated by stepping through the various cross-sections and assessing those
         using the following attributes:

              •   Slope height and orientation

              •   Direction, position and strengths of principle geological units

              •   Bedding angles

              •   Location and orientation major structures (faults, folds, joints).
         An example of the cross-sections analysed and assessed for potential failure mechanism is
         shown in Figure 13-2:




         Figure 13-2: Sections for Inter-ramp Stability Analysis



         Optimisation of the inter-ramp angle of each representative section has been undertaken to
         achieve design acceptance criteria, including sensitivity analyses for “likely” and “lower” case
         scenarios.
         Sensitivity analysis was conducted by assessing one or more of the following cases, as
         applicable:

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 170



              •   Lower case critical rock mass strength parameters

              •   Lower case critical defect shear strength parameters

              •   Lower case waviness value
         The stability analysis results, including optimised inter-ramp angles and factor of safety (FoS),
         are presented in Table 13-2 (designs assuming maximum slope design with ground controls).
         Table 13-2: Optimised Inter-ramp Angles (IRA) and Factor of Safety (FoS)




         This design process is undertaken in accordance with WAIO’s Ground Control Risk
         Management Standard and the Mines Ground Control System.
         Design uncertainties may exist in areas with lower strength materials, such as detrital
         material, however the batter heights in these areas are kept lower and can be considered low
         risk. Some design uncertainties may exist if adequate drilling data is not available due to
         steep terrain. The risk in these areas is minimised by regular inspections and performance
         monitoring as mining progresses.
         Regular slope monitoring is conducted to better understand the ground conditions on an
         ongoing basis, to increase safety of the designs. High risk active mining areas are monitored
         continuously using radars to identify slope movements; medium and low risk areas are
         monitored using prisms. Trigger action response plans are generated and kept up to date for
         each mining area.
         With the factor of safety inherent in the design parameters and continuous monitoring and
         improvement, QPs are of the opinion that changes to the geotechnical factors are not likely
         to materially impact the Mineral Reserve estimates.

13.2.4 Hydrological Models
         Hydrogeological investigations are completed in accordance with BHP procedures for new
         borefields, for greenfields operations, or for environmental purposes. The investigations are

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 171


         appropriate to the scale of the development and its potential implications, and as a minimum
         must meet the Department of Water’s “Operational policy no. 5.12 – Hydrogeological
         reporting associated with a groundwater well licence” (DoW, 2009).
         Surface water studies are done to support proposed greenfields or brownfields developments
         that interact with overland flows. The investigations are appropriate for the business or
         environmental risk they address.
         The approach to operational water management is in accordance with WAIO’s internal Water
         Management Standard and associated guidelines. These documents provide a framework to
         address the main categories of water risk:

              •   sustainable life of mine water supplies are delivered;

              •   dewatering commences well in advance of mining;

              •   surplus water management is flexible and in line with regulatory expectations;

              •   effective wet weather management exists;

              •   safe potable water supplies are delivered;

              •   environmental and community impacts are managed.
         Reports on operating borefields are provided to the Department of Water in the form of
         Annual Aquifer Reviews and Triennial Aquifer Reviews, in accordance with licensing
         conditions. These reports provide extensive data records and interpretation of groundwater
         response in and around operational borefields.
         All downhole and installation data, for the purpose of hydrogeological and surface water
         monitoring, is processed in the field through the standard WAIO drilling workflow to an
         integrated master database comprising two parts. One part of this database includes data on
         construction of installations and field tests at the time of construction. Temporal
         hydrogeological and surface water data is stored in the other part and validated via a
         purpose-built interface.

13.2.5 Mine Design
         The ultimate pit designs are guided by the selected economic pit-shell, as described in
         Section 12.1.4. Overall pit and pushback designs are created using industry standard mine
         design software (VulcanTM or DatamineTM) with crest and toe lines, haul road accesses and
         incorporating minimum mining widths. The minimum mining width is determined by the
         equipment to be used for mining operation.
         Pit and pushback designs are completed using the geotechnical slope angles recommended
         by the geotechnical team.
         The key design parameters for pits are presented in Table 13-3.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                      Page 172


         Table 13-3: Key Design Parameters for Pits

          Design Parameters                                            Dimensions
          Minimum Mining Width                                         35m
          Minimum Ramp Width with LV separation                        49m – 53m
          Maximum Ramp Gradient                                        10%
          Minimum radius of turning circle                             20m
          Bench Height                                                 12m
          Batter Height                                                12m – 24m
          Berm Width                                                   Variable, according to inter-ramp angle batter height
          Inter ramp angle                                             Variable by geotechnical domains
          Batter Angle                                                 45o – 65o




13.2.6 Haul Road Design
         The haul roads, both in-pit and surface, are designed in accordance with WAIO Road Design
         standards. The roads are classified using the criteria of Life Expectancy and Usage Intensity
         of the roads.
         The factors which determine the life expectancy of a road are listed in Table 13-4.
         Table 13-4: Factors for Life Expectancy

            Classification             Time duration                     Example
            Low                        < 3 months                        Drop cuts, on-dump roads, drill access
            Moderate                   3 – 12 months                     On-bench roads, pushback roads
            High                       1 – 5 years                       Main pushback ramps
            Permanent                  > 5 years                         Life of mine roads / ramps

         The factors which determine the usage intensity of a road are listed in Table 13-5.
         Table 13-5: Factors for Usage Intensity

            Classification       Tonnage               Tonnage              Truck Cycles              Example
                                 (daily)               (annual)             (per day)
            Very Low             < 3 kt/day            < 1 Mtpa             <12                       Road construction area
            Low                  3-14 kt/day           1 - 5 Mtpa           12 - 60                   Park-ups and surrounding roads
            Moderate             14-30 kt/day          5 - 10 Mtpa          60 - 120                  Single pushback ramp
            High                 > 30 kt/day           > 10 Mtpa            > 120                     > 120

         Based on the above two factors, roads are classified as per the classification matrix shown
         in Table 13-6.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                  30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 173


         Table 13-6: Road Classification Matrix




         Based on the design parameters and type of equipment to be used on the ramps, appropriate
         ramp designs are included in the final mine designs. The ramp designs vary depending on
         the trucks utilised and if light vehicle separation is incorporated.
         Figure 13-3 and Figure 13-4 show examples of road designs with dual lane configuration for
         two different types of haul trucks and including light vehicle separation.




         Figure 13-3: CAT 793F Pit Wall (Haul Road Parameters LV/SME Separation)




         Figure 13-4: Komatsu 930E Pit Wall (Haul Road Parameters LV/SME Separation)


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 174


13.2.7 Overburden Storage Area Design
         All WAIO mining areas have waste dumps or Overburden Storage Areas (OSAs) designed
         to provide sufficient capacity for waste rock for the life of mining activities.
         WAIO utilises two types of OSAs:

              •   Ex-Pit OSAs – OSA outside of the pits.

              •   In-Pit OSAs – OSAs created by backfilling the pits or pushbacks that have concluded
                  mining.
         The backfilling of pit voids is achieved using existing pit accesses and mine roads and helps
         to minimise the surface land disturbance. In-pit waste storage also assists in sequential
         backfilling of completed pits to minimise rehabilitation work required after completion of
         mining.
         The OSA designs during active operation (As-Dumped design) vary depending on the
         capacity required and type of the waste rock being stored. The general design criteria for As-
         Dumped ex-pit OSAs are shown in Table 13-7.
         Table 13-7: General Design Criteria for As-Dumped Ex-Pit OSAs

                  Design Parameters                                          Dimensions
                  Bench Height                                               20m
                  Berm Width                                                 65m
                  Batter Angle                                               37o
                  Overall Slope Angle                                        15o
                  Swell Factor                                               30%
                  Minimum Ramp Width                                         57m
                  Maximum Ramp Gradient                                      10%



         Completed ex-pit OSAs are re-profiled and rehabilitated to achieve a final landform that
         achieves the objective of the landform guiding principle to “physically interface final landform
         appropriately with adjacent features, considering natural hydrological linkages and ensuring
         surface landform stability.”
         The final OSA landform surface must have design features that maintain a stable and non-
         polluting surface, taking into consideration the rainfall and waste rock characteristics across
         the three areas of the OSA:
         1. Top – bunds of sufficient size to contain extreme rainfall events, so no water runoff occurs
            or is allowed to occur onto lower slopes;
         2. Slopes – competent waste rock material to remain stable under extreme rainfall events;

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 175


         3. Berms – contain low to moderate rainfall events, with sufficient capacity to also contain
            up-slope runoff and sediment deposition during extreme rainfall events.
         The two available options of final OSA landform can be linear slope or concave slope as
         represented in the schematic figure shown in Figure 13-5.




         Top – Linear and Bottom - Concave
         Figure 13-5: Schematic OSA Final Landform Slope Options



         The WAIO Closure Planning team provides guidance and recommends the final landform
         slope configuration for OSAs. The decision on the OSA landform design considers the final
         landform design in conjunction with:

              •   Footprint impacts,

              •   Surface hydrology,

              •   Waste presentation in the schedule,

              •   Amount of competent waste versus incompetent waste.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 176


         Depending on constraints, a combination of landform options may be required to achieve the
         optimal outcome. Some of the examples of final landform slope configuration are presented
         in Figure 13-6.




         Figure 13-6: OSA Final Landform – Concave versus Stacked Linear Slope Profiles



13.2.8 Reactive Waste Management
         Acid and Metalliferous Drainage (AMD) includes acidic drainage, metalliferous drainage and
         saline drainage in low pH (acidic) or neutral pH (where acidity has been neutralised) drainage
         waters from mining processes and landforms. Sulphide-bearing minerals (predominantly
         pyrite) are Potentially Acid Forming (PAF) and can lead to the release of AMD upon exposure
         to air and water.
         In addition to acidity and other forms of AMD, the series of chemical reactions involving the
         oxidation of sulphide-bearing carbonaceous rock types generates heat and gases.
         Consequently, the management of this reactive material during mine operation and closure
         aims to:
         1. minimise oxidation by minimising lateral and vertical airflow exchange using finer textured
            material and engineered internal bunds and layers, and
         2. minimise water percolation.
         These measures slow the reactions that produce temperature increases and stored acidity
         and solutes, and the measures slow the release of acidity, metals and other solutes. This is
         achieved through design controls applied during “as dumped” OSA construction and
         execution of the final landform closure design.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 177


         The waste placement is done in accordance with the WAIO Acid and Metalliferous Drainage
         Management (AMD) Standard which includes the guidelines, listed in Table 13-8 applicable
         to areas for potentially acid forming (PAF) waste management.
         Table 13-8: Guidelines for Potentially Acid Forming (PAF) Waste Management




13.2.9 Final Pit Maps
         The final pit map for the Jimblebar mines is shown in Figure 13-7 as an example.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                             Page 178




                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                             Page 179




         Figure 13-7: Final Pit Maps – Jimblebar example




                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                Page 180



13.3     Production Rates, Expected Mine Life

13.3.1 Production Rates and Expected Mine Life
         WAIO operations are comprised of 5 mining areas that belong to 3 joint ventures as shown
         in Table 13-9:
         Table 13-9: Mining Areas and their respective Joint Venture Ownership
                           Mining Area                                                                Joint Venture
                          Mining Area C
                                                                                                  Mt Goldsworthy JV
                           South Flank
                            Jimblebar
                                                                                                       Jimblebar JV
                  Newman Operations (Western Ridge)
                        Newman Operations                                                            Mt Newman JV

         Complete life of mine schedules are generated for each mining area annually, as part of the
         Life of Asset (LoA) planning, and are combined to achieve the overall WAIO production
         schedule. These production schedules underpin the Mineral Reserves estimates for each JV
         (and WAIO overall). The mine planning team utilises the following key inputs to generate the
         LoM schedules:

              •    Processing plant capacities,

              •    Supply chain constraints (e.g., rail or port capacity),

              •    Approval dates for future pits, and

              •    Vertical bench progression to account for contour mining and dewatering.

13.3.2 Mining Unit Dimensions, Mining Dilution and Recovery Factors
         The adequate selective mining unit (SMU) dimensions can vary between different deposits
         and the following factors are considered to determine the appropriate SMU size:

              •    Mining Equipment type and size,

              •    Orebody characteristics, and

              •    Integrity of the underlying resource model (e.g., data support, original block size)
         The resource model is regularised from a sub-block model to a regular sized block model.
         The process of regularisation simulates the ore loss (mining recovery) and expected dilution
         due to the characteristics of the mining equipment. WAIO mining operations are bulk open-
         cut mining methods utilising large excavators (~350 t range) and therefore larger regularised
         block sizes are most appropriate.
         The SMU sizes range from 10m x 10m x 4m (XYZ) for excavator operations to 10m x 10m x
         12m for face shovel operations.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3              30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 181


         Overall mining recovery between the sub-block and regularised models usually varies
         between 90% and 95% for most deposits. Quarterly and annual reconciliation of Mineral
         Reserves (outlined in Section 12.2.6) are completed to assess how well the estimates are
         performing for the reporting periods. WAIO historic reconciliation demonstrates a robust
         performance and hence the adequacy of the selected SMUs.

13.3.3 Production Schedule
         Figure 13-8 show the production schedule for WAIO that comprises the overall Mineral
         Reserves for WAIO and covers a period of 30 years. The average mining production rate
         over the first 10 years is approximately 240 Mtpa, which is reflective of process plant and
         supply chain capacity. WAIO has demonstrated achieving this production rate within the
         operations.




         Figure 13-8: Production Schedule for WAIO
         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         Overall ore production includes some Inferred Mineral Resources which are mined
         concurrently from the pits with Mineral Reserves. However, to demonstrate the economic
         viability of the Mineral Reserves, only Mineral Reserves have been considered to generate
         the revenue. No revenue has been assigned to the production from Inferred Mineral
         Resources. This is further detailed in Section 19.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                     Page 182


13.4     Requirements for Overburden Stripping
         Development of new deposits requires pre-stripping of the overburden and is taken into
         account within the mine plan processes. The future deposits required to sustain production
         are added progressively and sufficient time is allowed for development activities (e.g., land
         clearing, construction of access roads and pre-stripping of waste) before ore production
         commences.
         WAIO orebodies are near surface, relatively flat dipping and with low strip ratios therefore the
         lead time required for development of new deposits does not have a material impact on the
         Mineral Reserve estimates and economic viability of the mine plan.

13.5     Mining Equipment Fleet and Machinery
         Table 13-10 provides the current production mining fleet used across all WAIO mining areas.
         The mining width, applied in pit and pushback designs, and the SMU size, for mining models,
         reflect the use of this equipment.
         The rate of production in the current mine plan does not increase significantly in the future.
         The mining equipment fleet currently available for use is adequate to support the LoA
         schedule based in the demonstrated historical performance along with realised efficiencies
         achieved over a number of years.
         Sustaining capital allocation for any equipment rebuild and replacement is considered in the
         economic analysis of the production plan.
         Table 13-10: Production Mining Fleet used Across WAIO
                        WAIO Fleet                               Fleet Type                                 Units FY2022
               Primary Excavator                      Liebherr 996/9600                                21
               Production Excavator                   Liebherr 9400                                    23
               Production Loader                      Komatsu WA1200                                   24
                                                           -  CAT 994K
                                                           -  CAT 994F
               Primary Trucks                         CAT 793 (model F, D, C)                          207
               Primary Trucks                         Komatsu 930E                                     41
               Trucks                                 CAT 789                                          11
               Primary Drill                          Atlas Copco Pit Viper 271                        26
               Contour Drill                          Atlas Copco D65                                  12




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 183


14       Processing and Recovery Methods
         WAIO’s run-of-mine (ROM) ore is hematite type direct shipping ore (DSO) with average iron
         content not less than 60% for Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM) ore types and not
         less than 56.5% for Channel Iron Deposit (CID) ore type. The ore is also higher-quality with
         deleterious contents within acceptable limits and is capable of being fed to the blast furnace
         for iron and steel making, without the need of any concentration or beneficiation. Therefore,
         the processing involved is simple crushing and screening of the ROM to produce the two
         industry-standard DSO marketable ore types, namely lump (with nominal particle size
         >6.3mm) and fines (with size <6.3mm).
         A dry processing method is used for crushing and screening. This method is simple and well
         understood and widely used by most DSO producers in the Pilbara. The ROM ore is first
         crushed in a primary crusher set up near the mine. The crushed ore is then transported via
         an overland conveyor to an Ore Handling Plant (OHP), housing secondary and/or tertiary
         crushers and screens, for further crushing and screening. The OHPs are located close to a
         train load-out (TLO) station. For larger mines, two or more OHP’s are centrally located around
         the TLO station(s) and form a processing hub. Currently there are four processing hubs in
         WAIO, namely, Newman Operations, Jimblebar, Mining Area C - South Flank and Yandi.
         In WAIO, only one OHP, the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant located at Newman Operations,
         uses heavy-media separation to beneficiate a select part of the BKM ore from the Mount
         Whaleback deposit. The production from this plant was 4.7 Mt in FY2022, accounting for less
         than 2% of WAIO’s annual production.
         All dry OHP’s typically recover 100% mass of the ROM feed in the form of either lump or
         fines, whereas the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant typically recovers approximately 95% wet
         mass of the plant feed.
         Further details of these processing hubs, including flow sheet and throughput, are provided
         in the following sections.

14.1     Flow Sheet of Current Process Plants
         WAIO currently has 13 OHPs across four processing hubs. Of these, 12 OHPs dry process
         ROM ore by only crushing and screening. Only one OHP, the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant
         in Newman processing hub, has additional facility to beneficiate ROM ore using heavy media
         separation. The process flow for these two types of plants are described below.

14.1.1 Flow Sheet for Plants involving Crushing and Screening only
         The ROM ore is first crushed in a primary crusher close to the mine and then the crushed ore
         is delivered to the OHP for further crushing and screening of the ore into lump and fines
         fractions based on particle size. The lump and fines ore types are then sent to stockpiles for
         subsequent loading onto trains and transporting to the port. Therefore, OHPs at all


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 184


         processing hubs are suitably located near a TLO facility. These OHPs are dry process plants
         and recover 100% mass of plant feed.
         All OHPs of this type follow the same process flow, only the physical plant layouts and the
         number of crushers and screens vary based on site conditions and requirements
         The process flow for Mining Area C Ore Handling Plant 2 is shown in Figure 14-1 to provide
         an illustration of the generic process flow for all plants described above.




         Figure 14-1: Mining Area C Ore Handling Plant 2 Process Flow



14.1.2 Flow Sheet for Whaleback Beneficiation Plant
         The Whaleback Beneficiation Plant is specially designed to process a relatively lower-grade
         Brockman (BKM) ore with iron content averaging around 59% produced from the Mount
         Whaleback deposit. In addition to crushing and screening, additional process steps involved
         are dense media separation of coarse streams, wet size separation of finer streams and
         dewatering. The iron content in the processed ore from this plant is not less than 60%. The
         mass yield through this plant commonly is typically 95% of the feed on a wet tonnage basis.
         A schematic process overview of this plant is shown in Figure 14-2.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 185




         Figure 14-2: Schematic of the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant Process Overview



14.2     Processing Hubs – Throughput and Design
         A summary of Newman, Yandi, Jimblebar and Mining Area C-South Flank processing hubs
         along with their nominal capacities are provided in Table 14-1.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                   Page 186


         Table 14-1: Summary and Nominal Capacity of the Process Plants
          Plant             Start          Type of         Details of Process Plant                                 Nominal
          location          Year           Feed                                                                     Capacity
          Newman            1969           BKM             OHP and Whaleback Beneficiation Plant                    75 Mtpa
                                           and MM          (heavy media)
                                                           Three primary crushers and OHPs, stockyard
                                                           blending facility, single cell rotary car dumper,
                                                           train load-out
          Orebody 24        -              BKM             Primary crusher (crushed ore sent to                     23.5 Mtpa
                                                           Newman for final processing)
          Orebody 25        1989           MM              Primary crusher and OHP                                  12 Mtpa
          Yandi*            1992           CID             Three OHPs, stockyard blending facility and              80 Mtpa
                                                           two train load-outs
          Jimblebar         2013           BKM             Three primary crushers, central OHP,                     71 Mtpa
                                           and MM          stockyard blending facility, two train load-outs
          Mining Area       2003           BKM             Two primary crushers, two OHPs, stockyard                60 Mtpa
          C                                and MM          blending facility and train load-out
          South Flank*      2021           MM              Primary crushers, OHP, stockyard blending                80 Mtpa
                                                           facility and train load-out

         * Throughputs for the process plants at Yandi and South Flank are below their nominal capacity. As
         previously mentioned, the end-of-life ramp-down for Yandi commenced in July 2021 and the South
         Flank is still ramping up to its full capacity.

         The details of equipment at each OHP are listed Table 14-2.
         Table 14-2: Equipment Summary for the Process Plants
          Plant Name                Primary          Secondary            Tertiary        Screens
                                    Crusher          Crusher              Crusher
          Newman OHP 2              Jaw              Gyratory             -               Grizzly, double deck banana
          Newman OHP 3*             Gyratory         Cone                 -               Double deck banana
          Newman OHP 4              -                -                    Cone            Double deck banana
          Newman OHP 5              Jaw              Cone                 -               Double deck banana
          OB25                      Jaw              Cone                 -               Grizzly, double deck banana
          OB24                      Gyratory         -                    -               -
          Jimblebar                 Gyratory         Cone                 -               Double deck banana
          MAC OHP 1                 Jaw              Cone                 -               Grizzly, double deck banana
          MAC OHP 2                 Jaw              Cone                 Cone            Grizzly, double and single deck
                                                                                          banana
          South Flank               Gyratory         Cone                 -               Double deck banana
          Yandi OHP 1               Jaw              Cone                 Cone            Double deck banana
          Yandi OHP 2               Jaw              Cone                 Cone            Double deck banana
          Yandi OHP 3               Sizer            Sizer                Cone            Double deck banana

         * This is a beneficiation plant with hydrocyclones, heavy medium drums and spirals.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3               30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                              Page 187




         The make and model of crushers and screens installed in various OHPs are listed in
         Table 14-3.
         Table 14-3: Make and Model of Crushers and Screens
                    Type                  Make/Supplier                                                    Models
                                      Metso                               C160, C200
          Jaw Crushers
                                      Terrex/Jacques                      ST48, ST60
          Gyratory Crushers           Metso                               60-89, 50-65
                                      Metso                               HP800, MP800, MP1000
                                      Jacques                             J50/150, J50/300, J65, RB4/150 and RB4/450
          Cone Crushers
                                      Allis Chalmers                      17x84 Hydrocone and 30/70 Superior
                                      Sandvick                            H8000
          Grizzly Screens             ThyssenKrupp                        DU-STK24-2.6x4.0(5.6) ED
                                      Jacques/Jost                        SGR 1420x5270, 1700 x3520xJR608,
                                                                          2100x6500xJR808, 1700x5270x18200
                                      Schenck Process                     3.7x7.6m, 3.66x9.14m, 3.6x7.3m, 3.0x6.1
          Vibrating Screens           Metso                               3.0x6.1m Double Deck Banana Screen
                                      Allis Chalmers                      20x8 Double Deck Banana Screen
                                      Humbolt                             2.4x4.5 RS Screen
                                      Forder Technik                      WF 125 III – 5000 DU

         The hydrocylcones (made by Linatex, Concord, CMI-Multotec and Warman), magnetic
         separators (Eriez 915x2400), heavy medium drums (Wemco 4270x3660) and spirals (Roche
         MT HG10A/7 and Multotec SC20LG) are used in the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant.

14.2.1 Newman Operations Processing Hub
         The Newman Operations processing hub currently comprises three primary crushers and
         three OHPs including the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant. This hub started its first production
         in 1969 with the opening of the Mount Whaleback mine, but the rate of production has
         increased significantly since then. Production from Orebodies 29, 30 and 35 complements
         production from Mount Whaleback. The Whaleback Beneficiation Plant has been in operation
         since 1985. The nearby Eastern Ridge satellite mine (Orebodies 24 and 32) has its own
         primary crusher but feeds into the Newman Operations processing hub. Ore from the
         Shovelanna deposit (Orebody 31), located at a distance of about 40km to the east, is also
         processed at the Newman Operations Processing hub. The combined nominal capacity of
         this processing hub is 75 Mtpa. The ROM ore is sourced from both Brockman (BKM) and
         Marra Mamba (MM) ore types at proportions determined by the mine schedule.
         This processing hub has a stockyard blending facility, a single cell rotary car dumper and a
         train load out.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3            30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 188


         The Eastern Ridge has also a separate primary crusher and OHP to process Marra Mamba
         ore from Orebody 25. The plant has been operating since 1989 and currently it has a 12 Mtpa
         nominal capacity.
         These OHPs typically recover 100% mass of plant feed and produce both lump and fines ore
         types with a nominal split to lump stream of 30-40%.
         The production from Whaleback Beneficiation Plant was 4.7 Mt in FY2022 and contributed
         less than 2% of the total annual WAIO production. The mass yield through this plant was
         95% of the feed on a wet tonnage basis. This beneficiation plant also produces both lump
         and fines ore types, each with iron content no less than 60%. These lump and fines ore types
         are no different to those produced in other OHPs and are blended with corresponding ore
         types from the other Newman OHPs.
         The beneficiation plant generated approximately 0.2 Mt of tailings in FY2022, which was sent
         to a Tailings Storage Facility (see Section 15.4 for details). Lump rejects from the Whaleback
         Beneficiation plant are stockpiled on site directly from the plant with no further treatment.
         Fines rejects are thickened through a conventional above ground thickener and then pumped
         to the tailings storage facility. Both lump rejects and fines tailings are inert substances and
         chemically are low risk. This form of tailings storage is common across the Pilbara region.

14.2.2 Yandi Processing Hub
         Yandi processing hub started operations in 1992 to process ore exclusively from the Channel
         Iron Deposits (CID) and produce a fines only ore type. The production rate of this hub also
         has increased over time and currently it has four primary crushers and three OHPs with a
         combined nominal capacity of 80 Mtpa. It also recovers 100% mass of plant feed.
         This processing hub has a stockyard blending facility and two train load outs.
         This facility has already processed >1.3 billion tonnes through to 30 June 2021, but the mine
         is reaching the end of its life. Therefore, production ramp down, along with the closure and
         decommissioning of associated infrastructure, started in July 2021 and has continued into
         June 2022. Once Yandi mine is fully exhausted, parts of the Yandi processing facilities are
         likely to be used to process ROM feed from nearby BKM deposits.

14.2.3 Mining Area C – South Flank Processing Hub
         The Mining Area C – South Flank processing hub has two facilities, one for the Mining Area
         C mine and the other for the South Flank mine.
         The Mining Area C processing plant started in 2003 and currently has two primary crushers
         and two OHP’s. It processes ROM ore from both Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba (MM)
         deposits at proportions determined by the mine schedule. The nominal capacity of Mining
         Area C processing facility 60 Mtpa.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 189


         The South Flank processing plant is new and was commissioned only in May 2021. It has
         two primary crushers located at the mine site and one OHP located close to the Mining Area
         C OHPs. This plant has been built with a nominal capacity of 80 Mtpa, which will be reached
         in 2023-24. It recovers 100% mass of plant feed (all Marra Mamba type) and produces both
         lump and fines ore types with a nominal split to lump stream of 30-40%.
         This processing hub has a stockyard blending facility and a train load out.

14.2.4 Jimblebar Processing Hub
         Jimblebar processing hub started production in 2013 and currently has three primary
         crushers closer to mining sites and one central OHP with a nominal capacity of 71 Mtpa. In
         addition to the OHP, this processing hub has a stockyard blending facility and a train load
         out. This hub processes ROM ore sourced from both Brockman (BKM) and Marra Mamba
         (MM) deposits at proportions determined by the mine schedule.
         The OHP recovers 100% mass of plant feed and produce both lump and fines ore types with
         a nominal split to lump stream of 30-40%.

14.3     Requirements of Energy, Water etc
         WAIO has a long history of successful iron ore mining in the Pilbara starting in 1960’s. This
         has led to the gradual establishment of all infrastructure required to operate WAIO’s mining
         and processing hubs. The first mining and processing operations started at Newman
         Operations in 1969. This was followed by Yandi in 1992, Mining Area C in 2003 and Jimblebar
         in 2013. All these processing hubs have been operating continuously since their start, though
         their capacities have been increased by adding new crushing / and screening circuits. South
         Flank is the newest mine and mining there commenced in May 2021 as part of the Mining
         Area C processing hub.

14.3.1 Energy
         All four processing hubs receive their energy requirements from the WAIO owned and
         operated 190 MW Yarnima Power Station, located at Newman (see Section 15.5 for details).
         The power is supplied to the hubs via 132 kv and 33 kv overhead power lines. The primary
         power demand at the processing hubs is from crushing and screening plants, stacking,
         reclaiming and train load-outs.
         The 12-month average electrical load is 16 MW, 20 MW, 20 MW and 17 MW for Newman
         Operations, Jimblebar, Mining Area C and Yandi, respectively.

14.3.2 Water
         WAIO’s process plants (except the Whaleback Beneficiation Plant) operate on a dry basis
         and water supply to the processing plants is primarily for the purpose of dust suppression,



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 190


         cleaning of equipment and fire suppression / safety systems. The combined usage of water
         for mining and processing by hub is shown in Table 15-1.

14.3.3 Process Materials
         There are no process material requirements for the OHPs, as they operate on a dry basis,
         other than equipment replacement parts. The Whaleback Beneficiation Plant consumes only
         ferrosilicon as a process material, the consumption volume of which is dependent on the feed
         ore type and operation of the plant.

14.3.4 Personnel
         The processing plants are fully staffed with 400, 240, 370 and 240 personnel currently
         working at Newman, Jimblebar, Mining Area C and Yandi respectively.

14.4     Novel Processing Methods
         No novel processing methods are used or contemplated. Both the current metallurgical
         processes, simple crushing and screening as well as beneficiation, are well tested and proven
         processing methodologies and have been in use at WAIO for decades.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 191


15       Infrastructure
         WAIO’s basic value chain providing a high-level overview of its infrastructure is shown in
         Figure 15-1. The value chain comprise three major sub-systems: Mine, Rail and Port, with
         10 process steps listed below.
         1. Mining, including drill and blast, and load and haul;
         2. Mine processing and ore handling plant including crushing and screening;
         3. Mine stacking (stockpiling) into the ore types of lumps and fines;
         4. Train loading;
         5. Train empty and loaded travel to and from the port facilities;
         6. Port car dumping (train unloading);
         7. Port direct ship loading (ore is taken directly to the vessel, skipping process steps eight
            to ten);
         8. Port stacking (stockpiling) into the ore types;
         9. Port reclaiming;
         10. Port ship loading.




         Figure 15-1: Basic Value Chain for WAIO



15.1     Roads, Rail and Port Facilities
         WAIO is a fully integrated system of four processing and five mining hubs, connected by more
         than 1,000km of proprietary rail infrastructure to its two port facilities at Port Hedland.
         The Great Northern Highway, Northwest Coastal Highway and other public roads provide
         road access to WAIO operations from Perth and other regional towns. Roads to WAIO
         operations from these public roads are owned and operated by WAIO.
         A map with the location of mines, BHP-owned rail and ports, along with major public roads,
         is provided in Figure 15-2.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 192




         Figure 15-2: Simplified Map of WAIO Operations and Infrastructure


         A map showing WAIO’s port infrastructure at Port Hedland is provided in Figure 15-3.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 193




         Figure 15-3: Simplified Map of Port Hedland Port Infrastructure


15.2     Dams
         Ophthalmia Dam, located 12km northeast of Newman town, is a WAIO-owned water reservoir
         and most parts of the dam structure and reservoir area fall within WAIO tenure. This dam is
         located in a drinking water catchment and the underlying aquifer, which it recharges, is used
         for the extraction of groundwater to support Newman town and WAIO’s Newman Operations.
         The quality of dam’s water is jointly managed by BHP, the Shire of East Pilbara and the
         Western Australia Department of Health.

15.3     Dumps and Leach Pads
         The storage and management of waste rock generated from the mines have already been
         described in Sections 13.2.7 and 13.2.8.
         Small volumes of run-of-mine ore (mainly blend-grade material) are stored in pre-crusher
         stockpiles for feeding into future production. At the same time, based on requirements, certain
         volumes of previously stockpiled ore (above the dead stock) are also drawn and fed to
         crushers annually.
         No leach pads are used in WAIO operations.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 194


15.4     Tailings Disposal
         Since 1985, WAIO has operated one beneficiation plant, at the Newman Operations, which
         generates tailings. In FY2022, this plant generated approximately 0.2 Mt of tailings.
         Tailings from this plant are managed through wet deposition into a purpose-built active
         upstream Tailings Storage Facility (TSF) located at a distance of about 2km from the plant.
         The TSF currently holds about 25 Mt of tailings and is forecast to reach capacity in the next
         few years. Studies have commenced for wall lifts of the existing TSF as well as the option for
         using a nearby mined out pit as an in-pit tailings facility. An alternative facility is planned to
         be in place prior to reaching the existing TSF’s capacity.

15.5     Power, Water, and Pipelines
         Power – BHP owns and operates a power station at Yarnima in Newman, which supplies
         electrical power via its own transmission and distribution network of overhead 132 kv and 33
         kv power lines to all WAIO iron ore mining hubs and the township of Newman. With 190 MW
         of installed generator capacity, Yarnima Power Station is a high-efficiency, gas-fired,
         combined-cycle power station with backup diesel firing capability (in case of gas supply
         disruption).
         There is a ~10 MW diesel-based power station at Area C mine and a 24 MW hired diesel-
         based temporary power station adjacent to Yarnima that augments power generation in case
         of power disruption / emergency.
         The WAIO mines and Newman township, which are fed from Yarnima Power Station, typically
         consume about 80 – 100 MW of power on average, with peak demand reaching 130 to 140
         MW. The primary power demand at the mines is from crushing and screening plants,
         stacking, reclaiming and train load-outs. There is minimal power demand from mining and
         ancillary infrastructure.
         Power consumed for WAIO’s port operations at Port Hedland is purchased via a power
         purchase agreement with Alinta Energy, a large energy supplier in Australia, which has 5
         open-cycle gas turbines located south of Port Hedland spread across two sites. BHP’s current
         agreement with Alinta Energy is due to expire in 2024, but negotiations for a new agreement
         from 2025 onwards are underway. WAIO’s port operations typically consume about 37 MW
         on average, peaking at 70 MW. The power demand is spread between ore dumping, stacking,
         re-screening, reclaiming and ship loading operations.
         Water and Pipelines – As described earlier in Section 4.4, groundwater is the primary
         freshwater source for WAIO and is extracted from production and dewatering bores with
         abstraction volumes as per licence requirements for use in all mining and processing
         operations. The water is supplied to various sites through a network of over and underground
         water pipelines along with associated tanks and control infrastructure. Water consumption is


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                    Page 195


         linked to mining rates, and water supply and infrastructure capacity is included in
         development plans accordingly.
         Recent water use across WAIO mines and Port for FY21 is shown in Table 15-1. Water use
         is primarily for dust suppression during mining and processing and shows seasonal variation,
         consumption increasing in the hotter weather.
         Table 15-1: Water usage at various WAIO sites in FY2021
                     Site                         Newman            Jimblebar           Mining Area C      Yandi   Port       Total
           Consumption (in Gigalitres)             12.0                5.8                   3.8            3.9    3.8        29.3

         Once operational demand has been met, surplus water may remain that needs to be
         disposed of in line with environmental approvals and licenses. WAIO has an ongoing program
         to return water to ground via injection bores and infiltration structures. This program aims to
         treat water resources in the Pilbara region in a responsible way and, where practicable,
         maintain water levels in local aquifers to mitigate impacts and preserve water for future use.

15.6     Infrastructure Layout Maps for Mines
         Local infrastructure layout maps for each of the operational mining areas, namely Newman,
         Jimblebar, Mining Area C - South Flank and Yandi are shown in Figure 15-4, Figure 15-5,
         Figure 15-6 and Figure 15-7 respectively.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                  30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                             Page 196




         Figure 15-4: Infrastructure Layout Map – Newman Area


                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                             Page 197




         Figure 15-5: Infrastructure Layout Map – Jimblebar Area



                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                             Page 198




         Figure 15-6: Infrastructure Layout Map – Mining Area C and South Flank Areas


                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                             Page 199




         Figure 15-7: Infrastructure Layout Map – Yandi Areas


                                                            Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 200



16       Market Studies
         WAIO produces direct shipping iron ore, which is sold in the form of lump (nominal grain size
         >6.3mm) and fines (nominal grain size <6.3mm). Currently there is one lump brand (Newman
         Blended Lump) and four fines brands (Newman High-grade Fines, MAC Fines, Jimblebar
         Fines and Yandi Fines).
         Information concerning markets for iron ore is described below. Market information for this
         section is sourced from the industry analysis prepared by BHP’s Market Analysis and
         Economics team in January 2022, based on BHP internal information as well as information
         sourced from industry consultants.
         The Mineral Reserve QPs have reviewed the market information and analyses in this section
         and are of the opinion that the results support the commodity price assumptions in this
         Technical Report Summary.

16.1     Markets for the Property’s Production
         Iron ore is the primary raw material for iron and steel-making: steel is an important building
         block for construction, transportation, energy infrastructure and household appliances, etc.
         Therefore the demand for iron ore is expected to continue over the length of cash flow for
         WAIO, which is currently projected to 2052.
         Global crude steel production has more than doubled over the past two decades, from 0.85
         billion tonnes in 2000 to 1.95 billion tonnes in 2021 (source: World Steel Association), to fuel
         global economic growth, urbanisation and industrialisation. During the same period, China’s
         production has increased from 131 Mt in 2000 to 1033 Mt in 2021 (source: World Steel
         Association), contributing the bulk of the global increase.
         Out of the 2.3 billion tonnes total iron ore consumed in 2021 globally, 1.5 billion tonnes are
         traded on the seaborne market. Asia is the largest customer location, sharing ~90% of the
         seaborne iron ore demand, with most of the seaborne iron ore going to China, Japan and
         South Korea. China is the single largest customer location, accounting for over 70% of the
         seaborne iron ore demand (source: Iron ore market service – Q3 2021 outlook to 2035).
         On the supply side, Australia, Brazil and South Africa are the major seaborne iron ore supply
         countries supplying over 80% of the market in 2021. Australia is the single largest iron ore
         producing country, supplying close to 60% in CY2021 of the seaborne trade (source: Iron ore
         market service – Q3 2021 outlook to 2035).

16.1.1 Historical Pricing
         The iron ore fines (62% Fe) index is the most widely quoted index in the market as a result
         of the sizable share of this material traded on the seaborne supply. Given that China is the
         single largest customer location for the seaborne iron ore trade, the iron ore indexes are
         mostly quoted on the cost and freight (CFR) China term, with the free-on-board (FOB)

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                        Page 201


         Australia prices calculated from the CFR prices by deducting freight cost. The iron ore fines
         62% Fe (also referred to as sinter fines 62% Fe), FOB Australia prices from Wood Mackenzie
         (a reputable industry research institute and consultancy covering metals, minerals and
         energy sectors) are shown for reference in Table 16-1.
         Table 16-1: Sinter Fines 62% Fe FOB Dampier Nominal Prices (source Wood Mackenzie)
                             Year                 2017         2018        2019         2020          2021
                             Price (US$)          64.9         61.8        85.7         101.6         148.1

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         As per ‘BHP’s economic and commodity outlook Financial Year 2021’ (available on the BHP
         website): “Iron ore prices have been elevated since the Brumadinho tailings dam tragedy in
         Brazil first disrupted the market in early 2019. The combined impact of very strong Chinese
         pig iron production and Brazilian exports being unable to lift materially from depressed
         calendar 2019 levels far out-weighted record shipments from Australia.”
         In addition, new bullish demand factors for price have emerged, with the rest of the world
         (ROW) pig iron rebounding strongly from the COVID-19 trough and ex-China steel prices and
         margins ascending to spectacular levels.

16.1.2 Demand Profile
         Iron ore demand is expected to plateau in the medium term before trending downwards driven
         by the eased demand from China. The plateau of steel demand and the rising share of steel
         scrap in China will translate into a lower iron ore demand in the long run. Despite the projected
         demand from the developing countries (from a low starting point), this will not be sufficient to
         offset the demand decline in China.
         Wood Mackenzie forecasts global seaborne imports to plateau during CY20-25, with the ease
         of Chinese imports from the peak being offset by the broad-based growth and recovery ex-
         China. During the decade after 2025, the seaborne demand will be on a mild declining trend
         with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of -0.8%, with Chinese demand continue to
         ease at the pace of -1.7% CAGR, while ex-China demand grows by +1.0% CAGR during the
         same period. In the long run (2035-2050), the seaborne demand is expected to ease further
         in a pace around -0.3% per year, with China’s demand to fall by -1.2% CAGR while the ex-
         China grow by +1.1% CAGR.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3      30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 202


         As per Wood Mackenzie ‘Iron ore market service – Q3 2021 outlook to 2035’: “…the second
         half of 2021 marks a turning point for iron ore. Chinese demand is reaching a plateau owing
         to government policy restricting steel production. Wood Mackenzie’s view is Chinese steel
         production is now entering a long-term structural downward trend. The outlook for hot metal
         production is more negative as rising scrap consumption and increased electric arc furnace
         (EAF) steel production further displaces iron ore demand. Elsewhere in the world there is
         growth in iron ore demand, especially in South East Asia, South America and the Middle
         East, but it is not sufficient to offset the declines in China to 2035.”

16.1.3 Supply Profile
         In contrast to the demand profile, Wood Mackenzie forecasts (Table 16-2) that seaborne iron
         ore supply is on the rise during CY2020-2025, driven by the restart of suspended operations
         in Brazil and the incremental capacity growth in Australia and Canada, among others. The
         restart of Brazilian production from Vale and Samarco, alone, would bring ~100Mt additional
         supply in CY2025 compared to CY2020, against a backdrop of a broadly unchanged
         seaborne demand during the same period. The increase in low-cost supply, overlaying with
         the long-term declining demand profile from CY2025, will result in a structurally oversupplied
         seaborne iron ore market and will weigh down iron ore prices. The potential development of
         Western African iron ore deposits would exert more downward pressure on the market.
         Shipments may see a marginal decline afterwards as Australian juniors, together with other
         high-cost producers, will see a declined production in a low-price environment. Resource
         depletion could be another driver.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 203


         Table 16-2: Iron Ore Exports by Key Company (source Wood Mackenzie)




         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.

16.1.4 Iron Ore Cost Curve
         The iron ore cost curve on the CFR China basis in CY2021 from Wood Mackenzie is shown
         in Figure 16-1. Australia and Brazil are not only the predominant iron ore supplying countries,
         but they dominate the low end of the cost curves. The cost curve is relatively flat up until the
         ~90% percentile of the cost curve, with a steep rise at the tail (~10%), which explains the
         spike in iron ore prices when the market became tight from 2019.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 204




         Figure 16-1: CY2021 VIU Adjusted1 Iron Ore Cost Curve (CFR China, 62% Fe equivalent)
         1
           VIU or Value-in-use Adjusted means iron ore production costs have been adjusted by taking into
         account the gangue components (silica, alumina, phosphorous and loss-on-ignition) in addition to the
         iron grade differential of the producers.

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.

16.1.5 Commodity Price Projections
         Looking forward, the restart of operations in Brazil and the incremental growth in Australia
         and other low-cost production regions would bring a flatter cost curve in the long term.
         Combined with a declining outlook for demand, which would result in reduced iron ore cost
         support, Wood Mackenzie forecast a decline in iron ore prices (Figure 16-2).
         As per Wood Mackenzie ‘Iron ore market service – Q3 2021 outlook to 2035’: “Wood
         Mackenzie expects prices need to fall to $70/t CFR (real terms) by 2024/25, based on their
         analysis of marginal costs, with reference to the volume of high cost “swing” supply that needs
         to withdraw from 2022 onwards to balance the market. Under a weak demand scenario, it is
         unlikely that prices will fall below $60/t CFR for a protracted period due to solid cost support
         around the 90th percentile of the cost curve for contestable supply.”

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 205


         For lump, Wood Mackenzie believes that 2021 marked the peak of the current lump mini
         cycle with an annual average premium of over $20/t. Their revised five-year forecast from
         2021-2025 is $17/t (Figure 16-3). Wood Mackenzie’s long-term forecast is for lump to trade
         at a premium of $15/t (real 2021 terms).




         Figure 16-2: Price and Cash Cost, by Percentile Contestable Market (CFR China)
         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 206




         Figure 16-3: Lump premium
         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.

16.1.6 Long-term Prices for Establishing the Economic Viability
         As already described in Section 12.1.2, iron ore is a bulk commodity and the commodity price
         of iron ore types varies depending on the supply and demand situation at the time. Since the
         late 2000’s and with the introduction of spot pricing, the commodity price has seen greater
         variability over both short (week/month) and long (year) time horizons. During this period at
         least two cycles of price variation have been observed, with monthly average prices swinging
         between US$210 per dmt and US$40 per dmt.
         Therefore, the long-term iron ore prices for the purpose of this report to establish the
         economic viability of the WAIO’s Mineral Reserves have been estimated from the historical
         actual monthly average prices over a timeframe of the preceding three financial years from
         July 2018 to June 2021. Iron ore is an exchange traded commodity and a period of three
         years is considered a long enough period to cover a range of price fluctuations. This method
         of estimating long-term iron ore price based on actual historical data is also factual, objective,
         and transparent to the market.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 207


         Using the historical data, the long-term prices for the purpose of this report to establish the
         economic viability of the WAIO’s Mineral Reserves at end of FY2022 were estimated at
         US$86 per dmt (FOB Port Hedland) for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index for fines and US$103 per
         dmt (FOB Port Hedland) for Lump 62.5% Fe for lump.

16.2     Contracts and Status
         WAIO is a producing property and produces direct shipping ore with no concentrating,
         smelting or refining involved. Mining, processing, rail transportation, port and other required
         infrastructure have been developed in stages over past decades and are already in place.
         South Flank is the newest mine in WAIO, the development works for which started in 2018
         with first production in May 2021. Currently it is in the ramp-up stage to reach its full capacity
         of 80 Mtpa over the next 2 to 3 years.
         WAIO has a number of contracts for its existing operations. These contracts relate to supply
         of goods and services such as replacement plants and equipment, automation projects,
         consumables, towage services, track maintenance, mobile crane services, road transport
         and logistics, general maintenance services, bulk earthworks and concreting and mobile
         crushing services. In addition, there are a number of contracts for goods and services which
         are currently in the planning stage. However, none of these contracts are considered material
         to WAIO based on their value, scale and duration.
         WAIO does not have any contracts with affiliated parties and all contracts are created through
         direct purchase engagements with third-party suppliers.
         WAIO sells its share of production through a distribution agreement with BHP Marketing AG
         (BMAG). These transactions between BHP and BMAG are executed at floating prices based
         on widely available market-based indices at the time of the supply. BMAG sells to customers
         largely on floating price term contracts based on widely available market indices at the time
         of supply. Certain term contracts may reference prices not in the current pricing period.
         BMAG may also sell a small percentage of its volume on a spot basis to aid price discovery
         in the physical markets.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 208


17       Environmental Studies, Permitting and Plans
         WAIO adheres to BHP’s environmental and sustainability programs, including the company’s
         Australia / New Zealand International Organisation for Standardisation (AS/NZS ISO)
         14001:2004 certified Environmental Management System (EMS). The EMS describes the
         organisational structure, responsibilities, practices, processes and resources for
         implementing and maintaining environmental objectives at all WAIO sites. The EMS also
         outlines a commitment to setting objectives and targets to achieve sustainable outcomes and
         to continually improve performance and addresses environmental compliance and permitting
         requirements.
         WAIO also has an internal Project Environmental and Aboriginal Heritage Review (PEAHR)
         Procedure. The purpose of the procedure is to manage the implementation of environmental,
         Aboriginal heritage, land tenure and legal commitments prior to and during land disturbance

17.1     Environmental Studies and Impact Assessments
         Annually WAIO conducts many baseline biodiversity surveys and monitoring events to
         support environmental impact assessments, inform environmental permit applications, and
         provide information for ecological management and decision making.
         In financial year 2022, BHP WAIO conducted over eighty such surveys. The survey scopes
         consisted of flora and vegetation (including riparian vegetation monitoring), vertebrate fauna,
         aquatic fauna, Short Range Endemic (SRE) invertebrate fauna and subterranean fauna
         (including both stygofauna and troglofauna) baseline and targeted surveys across BHP’s
         Pilbara area of influence. BHP WAIO is involved in several industry wide research projects
         that aim to improve the understanding of subterranean ecosystems, delineate taxonomic
         groups and develop new techniques for monitoring subterranean fauna communities.
         Research is also underway to develop remote sensing techniques for riparian vegetation
         monitoring and to test novel methods of tracking Ghost Bat and Pilbara Olive Python
         individuals.
         Outcomes of these surveys include:

              •   Records of Ghost Bat (Macroderma gigas) and Pilbara Olive Python (Liasis olivaceus
                  barroni) populations that will be the subject of ongoing monitoring;

              •   Identification of dozens of new invertebrate species; and

              •   Identification and management of new riparian priority ecological communities.
         Over the last ten years, BHP has developed a set of procedures and databases to capture
         and retrieve biodiversity data for surveys. These procedures include survey techniques and
         reporting requirements that meet the current Environmental Protection Authority (EPA)
         Technical and Factor Guidelines. Records of species are documented in BHP’s Geographic
         Information System (GIS) database.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 209


17.1.1 Environmental Impact Assessments (EIA)
         An Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) in Western Australia is a process governed by
         the EPA under the Environmental Protection Act 1986 (EP Act). EIAs are used to assess the
         effect a proposed project may have on the environment by gathering information about the
         receiving environment and assessing the consequences of planned actions. All significant
         new development proposals are referred to the EPA, who then decides whether the proposal
         requires a formal EIA. EIAs are required to consider, within the area of influence, current and
         reasonably foreseeable activities associated with life of asset and closure plans, including
         consideration of climate projections. Where considerable residual impacts to environmental
         values remain, environmental offsets are required. The EIA process includes substantial
         public consultation and may include necessary secondary approvals under relevant State
         and Commonwealth legislation.
         Baseline investigations and EIA have been significant to the following WAIO approval
         submissions for WA State requirements (assessment under Part IV EP Act 1986);

              •   Mining Area C – Southern Flank (MS1072 approved February 2018);

              •   Pilbara Strategic Expansion Project (MS1105 approved July 2019); and

              •   Jimblebar Optimisation Project (MS1126 approved March 2020).
         A summary of key environmental factors noted in the above assessments includes the
         following;

              •   Flora and Vegetation: loss of flora and vegetation from clearing and potential loss of
                  Priority Ecological Communities.

              •   Hydrological Processes and Inland Waters: potential impacts on local groundwater-
                  dependent vegetation, surface water features, and changes to hydrological regimes.

              •   Terrestrial and Subterranean Fauna: loss of habitat including habitat for conservation
                  significant species (including the Ghost Bat) and possible indirect impacts to fauna.

              •   Air Quality: potential impacts from increased emissions of greenhouse gases and
                  particulates associated with dust.

17.2     Waste and Tailings Disposal, Site Monitoring and Water Management

17.2.1 Waste and Tailings Disposal
         Geochemical characterisation of mine materials, including waste materials such as
         overburden and tailings, is undertaken to ensure appropriate planning, material placement
         and management during design and operations.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 210


17.2.2 Acid and Metalliferous Drainage
         BHP has developed a global Acid and Metalliferous Drainage (AMD) management framework
         to be adopted across all BHP assets, including WAIO. The global AMD management
         framework is consistent with the AMD Management Standard that has been applied across
         all iron ore operations, to support a proactive and planned approach to characterising,
         assessing and managing AMD-related challenges and opportunities (BHP, 2020). The AMD
         Management Framework and Mined Materials Management Standard (2021) outline
         minimum requirements for consistent AMD management across all functions and operations.

17.2.3 Tailings Management
         As already described in Section 15.4, WAIO operates one beneficiation plant at Newman
         Operations to process a small amount of ore with a lower iron concentration and remove
         some of the non-ferrous material. Processed ore from the plant is conveyed to ore stockpiles
         while two forms of waste are produced: solid reject material (greater than 45µm) and tailings
         material (less than 45µm). The tailings materials are thickened and pumped to a Tailings
         Storage Facility (TSF). The overflow, or clarified water, is recycled in the beneficiation plant.
         The tailings material is inert and contains only minor concentrations of flocculants posing a
         negligible risk to the receiving environment.
         BHP adheres to safe tailings management, in alignment with the Global Industry Standard
         on Tailings Management (GISTM).

17.2.4 Site Monitoring
         Site environmental monitoring is carried out as described in the monitoring programs that
         form part of the EMS, approvals framework, and internal BHP standards which include
         monitoring for:

              •   Airborne Emissions

              •   Energy Use and Green House Gas Emissions

              •   Contaminated Sites

              •   Fauna and Flora

              •   Groundwater, Surface Water and Wastewater

              •   Land disturbance and Rehabilitation

              •   Waste and Tailings
         Monitoring results are reported annually in external documents such as the WAIO Annual
         Environmental Report (AER), Annual Aquifer Report (AAR), National Greenhouse and
         Energy Report (NGER), and the BHP Sustainability Report.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 211


17.2.5 Water Management
         At an operational level, activities are reviewed during the PEAHR process to ensure no
         riparian vegetation within or adjacent to watercourses is cleared unless it is undertaken in
         accordance with the permit conditions. Where practicable, clearing riparian vegetation is
         avoided and where a watercourse is to be impacted by clearing, the existing surface flow is
         maintained. Where required, Beds and Banks Permits are obtained through Department of
         Water and Environmental Regulation (DWER). BHP maintains a spatial database which
         includes the topographic information for water courses in the Pilbara. BHP implements
         surface water management and erosion control measures, where required, to minimise
         potential erosion and sedimentation within the areas approved to clear and adjacent areas.
         Managing surplus water from dewatering continues to be a focus for WAIO operations. Post
         closure waste, tailings and water management is subject to mandatory minimum
         performance standards for closure, which take into consideration social and environmental
         values, obligations, safety, costs, risks (both threats and opportunities) and the expectations
         of external stakeholders to inform optimised closure outcomes.
         As part of the closure management process, WAIO aims to meet the following closure
         objectives:

              •   comply with all obligations, legal requirements and BHP’s mandatory minimum
                  performance requirements for closure;

              •   achieve safe and stable outcomes;

              •   manage risks (both threats and opportunities) effectively;

              •   meet approved target environmental outcomes by following the internal BHP
                  standards for Environment and Climate Change;

              •   progressively reduce obligations, including progressive closure of the area disturbed
                  by BHP’s operational footprint; and

              •   manage and optimise closure costs.
         BHP regularly reviews its process to progressively close areas that are no longer required for
         operational purposes and updates closure management plans and practices as required with
         knowledge obtained from on-site experience across BHP and leading practice from the global
         industry.
         Closure Management Plans (CMP) (internal) and Mine Closure Plans (MCP) (regulatory) are
         developed to meet the requirements of Western Australian Government (2020) and include
         detail on tailings management. MCPs are developed for each mining operation in compliance
         with tenure and Ministerial Statement requirements.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 212


17.2.6 Land Management
         Prior to any land disturbance activities occurring, all proposed clearing activities are assessed
         against the conditions set out in the relevant permit to ensure the proposed activities adhere
         to the permit conditions. This includes ensuring that clearing for proposed activities occurs
         within the timeframes as set out in the permit conditions and ensuring that the clearing occurs
         only for those purposes as approved within the permit areas. BHP have a long-established
         and refined process that is used internally to manage planned land disturbance activities to
         ensure that all environmental, heritage and tenure issues are identified and addressed, called
         the Project Environmental Aboriginal Heritage Review (PEAHR). Unauthorised land
         disturbance poses a real risk to cultural, environmental and heritage assets, WAIO’s Licence
         to Operate and BHP’s reputation. The Health Safety Environment (HSE) Function, working
         with the Heritage and Land Tenure teams, uses an electronic workflow process linked to the
         geographical information system to assess and approve all new land clearing on site. All BHP
         activities are modified to ensure that clearing activities do not occur in any area excised from
         the approved area and that restrictions on clearing are complied with. The PEAHR system is
         backed by strong governance and dedicated online training requirements specific to the
         different roles within the PEAHR process (BHP, 2020).

17.3     Project Permitting Requirements
         WAIO operations are regulated through a combination of Part IV Ministerial Statements and
         Part V Prescribed Premises Licences under the Environmental Protection Act 1986 and their
         associated requirements. Other environmental legislation under which BHP operates
         includes but is not limited to the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act
         1999 (EPBC Act), the Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016 (BC Act), the Mining Act 1978 and
         the Environmental Protection (Clearing of Native Vegetation) Regulations 2004.

17.3.1 Environmental Operating Licences
         The Department of Water and Environmental Regulation (DWER) regulates industrial
         emissions and discharges to the environment through a works approval and licensing
         process, under Part V of the EP Act. Industrial premises with potential to cause emissions
         and discharges to air, land or water are known as ‘prescribed premises’ and trigger regulation
         under the EP Act.
         BHP holds fourteen active Environmental Operating Licences to meet its current operational
         requirements.

17.3.2 Strategic Environmental Assessments
         Strategic Environmental Assessments (SEA) are large scale assessments under the
         Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act). These are
         unlike project-by-project assessments, which look at individual actions (such as construction


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 213


         and operation of a pipeline or wind farm), and they can consider a much broader set of actions
         (DAWE, 2021). Entering into a strategic assessment offers the potential to deal with
         cumulative impacts on Matters of National Environmental Significance (MNES) and to look
         for both conservation and planning outcomes on a much larger scale than can be achieved
         through project-by-project assessments. The process is designed to be flexible and provide
         the opportunity to reach a negotiated outcome for the benefit of both parties.
         BHP holds one SEA approval, with six associated approvals falling under the SEA, including
         one approval decision, one assurance plan, one offsets plan, one program and two validation
         notices to meet its operational requirements.

17.3.3 Environmental Management Plans
         The environmental performance of ongoing operations at WAIO are governed by
         comprehensive Environmental Management Plans specific to each site and/or aspect (such
         as ghost bats, water management, etc).
         DWER reviews and approves various environmental management plans, as required under
         approved Ministerial Statements under Part IV of the EP Act. Environmental management
         plans describe how an action might impact on the natural environment in which it occurs and
         set out clear commitments from the company taking the action on how those impacts will be
         avoided, minimised and managed so that they are environmentally acceptable (DAWE,
         2021). BHP holds forty active Environmental Management Plans to meet its current
         operational requirements.

17.3.4 Mining Proposals
         A mining proposal is required to be submitted to the Department of Mines, Industry
         Regulation and Safety (DMIRS) before commencing any mining operations. Mining
         Proposals must provide detailed information on the identification, evaluation and
         management of environmental impacts of the proposal, and must contain a mine closure
         plan. BHP holds 31 active Mining Proposals to meet its current operational requirements.

17.3.5 Ministerial Statements
         The Environmental Protection Authority (EPA) provides Government with advice on the
         environmental acceptability of development proposals. The EPA undertakes a formal
         Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and determines whether conditions should be
         placed on a project to ensure appropriate environmental management. These conditions are
         enforced in a Ministerial Statement issued from the Minister for Environment under Part IV of
         the EP Act. Ministerial Statements may have a requirement to implement an Environmental
         Management Plan. BHP holds eighteen active Ministerial Statements to meet its current
         operational requirements.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 214


17.3.6 Water Licences
         In Western Australia, the Rights in Water and Irrigation Act 1914 (RiWI) regulates access to
         surface and ground water. WAIO holds multiple groundwater licenses across its tenure that
         provide allocation for water supply across mines, rail and exploration as well as several large
         licence allocations to support dewatering at mines. Licenses for dewatering are typically
         granted following Part IV approvals and issue of Ministerial Statements, with groundwater
         impact assessments and management plans required as part of the Part IV assessment.
         Where required, Part IV Ministerial Statements can set caps or limits on dewatering volumes
         and consequently any change to licence allocation or management requirements would also
         require an amendment to the Part IV approval.
         Smaller supply licenses typically do not require Part IV assessment and are issued via
         processes under RiWi.
         Concerning securing licences and permitting processes, for operational dewatering and
         supply licenses, alignment to the EP Act Part IV process ensures that applications are made
         with sufficient time to support mining activities.
         WAIO currently maintains approximately sixty groundwater licenses to meet its operational
         requirements. The total number varies over time as some licenses may be short term, in
         support of activities such as aquifer test pumping campaigns and dewatering for construction
         purposes.

17.3.7 Native Vegetation Clearing Permits and Programme of Works
         Clearing of native vegetation in Western Australia is an offence unless it is done under a
         clearing permit, or the clearing is for an exempt purpose. Native Vegetation Clearing Permits
         (NVCP) are administered under DWER or DMIRS if the clearing is for the purpose of mineral
         and petroleum activities or located on land under SA Acts. NVCPs allow BHP to clear native
         vegetation for the purpose(s) stated in the permit. BHP holds seventy-two active NVCPs to
         meet its operational requirements.
         The Mining Act 1978 requires that a Programme of Work (PoW) is lodged and approved
         before conducting any ground disturbing activities with mechanised equipment on Mining
         Leases and Exploration Licences held under this Act. Currently BHP holds thirty-six active
         PoWs to meet its operational requirements.

17.3.8 Referrals under EPBC Act
         Any actions that have or are likely to have a significant impact on the heritage values of a
         World or National Heritage place are referred to the Australian Government Minister for the
         Environment under the EPBC Act. WAIO holds two referrals under the EPBC Act (neither of
         which are actively being used) to meet its operational requirements.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 215


17.3.9 Works Approvals
         DWER regulates industrial emissions and discharges to the environment through a works
         approval and licensing process, under Part V of the EP Act. The EP Act requires a works
         approval to be obtained before constructing a prescribed industrial premises and makes it an
         offence to cause an emission or discharge unless a licence or registration is held for the
         premises. BHP holds six works approvals to meet its operational requirements.

17.3.10                                       Status of Current Applications
         In addition to the approved environmental permits, BHP currently (as of 1 May 2022) has six
         applications for environmental permits currently under assessment with government. These
         include two NVCP amendments to allow for changes in the NVCP conditions; one Mining
         Proposal to lift the wall of the Mount Whaleback tailings storage facility; and three licence
         amendments to allow for changes in licence conditions. These are considered highly likely to
         be successfully obtained.

17.3.11                                       Performance or Reclamation Bonds
         As part of the initial Mining Act 1978 compliance upon lodgment of a new mining tenement
         application, a Form 32 Security (to the amount of A$5,000 (US$3,550)) is required to be
         lodged with DMIRS. A Security does not require any funds to be provided it is merely a
         preliminary guarantee that the basic environmental conditions will be complied with for the
         tenement. Western Australia does not have a requirement for companies to post performance
         or reclamation bonds, however all tenement holders in WA are required to report land
         disturbance annually under the Mining Rehabilitation Fund Act 2012 (MRF Act) and
         contribute to a pooled mine rehabilitation fund (MRF) based on the type and extent of land
         disturbance. The MRF pooled fund can then be used by DMIRS to rehabilitate mines in which
         the tenement holder fails to meet their rehabilitation obligations and finances cannot be
         recovered. Within WAIO there is limited land tenure that has exposure to MRF reporting as
         all operational areas such as mines, rail and port operate within tenure covered by SA Acts
         that provides an exemption from MRF reporting.
         If requested by DMIRS under the ‘Mine Closure Plan Guidance – How to prepare in
         accordance with Part 1 of the Statutory Guidelines for Mine Closure Plans’, tenement holders
         may be required to provide detailed closure cost reporting for review and independent audit
         to ensure adequate financial provisioning to fund mine closure. DMIRS has not to date
         requested BHP to provide further closure cost details for any operations in WA. BHP submits
         annual payments to the MRF in accordance with the MRF act.

17.4     Social Plans and Agreements with Local Groups
         WAIO has developed social investment plans designed to meet community socio-economic
         needs and priorities, in line with BHP’s Company Social Investment Strategy. These plans


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 216


         can result in direct investment with successful organisations for projects up to 5 years in
         duration.
         Where particular groups or individuals may be impacted negatively by WAIO operations,
         research and stakeholder engagement/consultation is undertaken to ensure transparency of
         information and understanding of business activities as well as to understand the concerns
         and opportunities identified by stakeholders.
         Community perception surveys, social base surveys, social impact and opportunity
         assessments and human rights impact assessments are completed by WAIO routinely.

17.4.1 Native Title Processes
         WAIO operations are located on land on which the relevant Aboriginal people (traditional
         owners), as native title holders, have certain entitlements under the Australian Government
         Native Title Act 1993 (NTA) and as such, BHP must follow the due process of law for
         accessing their land.
         The common law of Australia recognises and protects a form of native title that reflects the
         entitlements of Indigenous peoples to their traditional lands and waters. In response to the
         recognition of this common law right, the Federal Government enacted the Native Title Act
         1993 (NTA). Under the NTA, a system was established for the claiming and recognition of
         the rights of relevant Aboriginal people (traditional owners) as native title holders over certain
         areas of land and sea.
         Perhaps of most relevance to BHP’s Australian operations are the ‘future act’ provisions of
         the NTA. Future acts are proposed acts on land or waters that affect native title (e.g., acts
         which extinguish, or which are otherwise inconsistent with, the continued existence,
         enjoyment or exercise of native title). They may include the grant or renewal of licences and
         permits (such as mining and exploration licences or permits). A ‘future act’ will be invalid to
         the extent it affects native title, unless it complies with the procedures set out in the NTA.
         The ‘future act’ framework provides various processes that may be applied to validate a
         ‘future act’. Different procedures will apply to different types of land use (e.g., primary
         production, public housing and public infrastructure water management). With respect to
         rights in relation to mining, the NTA provides two procedures to validate ‘future acts’:

              •   engaging in the right to negotiate process (RTN); or

              •   entry into an Indigenous Land Use Agreement (ILUA).
         When BHP seeks the grant of mining tenure, the relevant State authority must be satisfied
         that BHP has complied with either process.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                              Page 217


         Under the RTN, BHP must negotiate in good faith to get the consent of the ‘native title party’
         to the ‘future act’ being done (with or without conditions). The National Native Title Tribunal
         provides oversight of this process.
         ILUAs are voluntary contracts entered into by native title groups and third parties (e.g., mining
         companies and governments) with respect to an area of land or water where native title has
         been determined or where it is claimed to exist. Entry into an ILUA involves consent by the
         parties to ‘future acts’, and, at the time such ‘future acts’ occur, details of the ILUA being
         registered by the Native Title Registrar.
         BHP generally prefers to use an ILUA over a RTN agreement for a complex project with
         multiple future act requirements over a number of years. An ILUA can cover future mining
         activities, and/or multiple projects in the one agreement. Only proposed advertised grants of
         mining tenure can be the subject of a RTN agreement.

17.4.2 Indigenous Land Use Agreements
         All of WAIO’s current extractive activity is covered by the Registered ILUAs listed in
         Table 17-1.
         Table 17-1: List of Indigenous Land Use Agreements
          Project / Operation                     Native Title Group               Agreement                     ILUA Number
          Mining operations at: Yandi,            Banjima                          Initial Indigenous Land Use   WI2015/021
          Mining Area C,                                                           Agreement - Banjima and
          South Flank                                                              BHP Billiton
                                                                                   Comprehensive Agreement
          Mining operations at:                   Nyiyaparli                       Nyiyaparli and BHP Billiton   WI2019/003
          Whaleback, Eastern Ridge,                                                Comprehensive Agreement
          Jimblebar                                                                ILUA
          Exploration and specified               Yinhawangka                      Yinhawangka and BHP           WI2018/010
          development projects                                                     Billiton Project Agreement
          including: Mudlark Well                                                  ILUA
          Gurinbiddy, Rocklea

         The agreements include cultural, social and economic outcomes in the form of financial and
         non-financial benefits from BHP to the Nyiyaparli People, Banjima People and Yinhawangka
         People in exchange for their consent for WAIO's operations on their country.
         Public records of these ILUAs can be found online at the Australian Government’s National
         Native Title Tribunal website.

17.4.3 Cultural Heritage Management
         WAIO operations extend across a number of different Native Title groups in the Pilbara
         region. Within and near WAIO operations there are significant cultural heritage values, sites
         and artefacts that showcase 60,000 years of the diverse cultural occupation of Australia.

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3            30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 218


         These include both tangible archaeological sites and intangible sites like dreaming places,
         song lines and cultural landscapes. Across WAIO Pilbara operations approximately 6,500
         heritage sites have been recorded which include a wide spectrum of significance, age and
         rarity of cultural sites and archaeological items.
         Given the prevalence of cultural heritage in the Pilbara, there is an inherent tension between
         development and protection of cultural heritage. The number and dispersion of these sites
         in the Pilbara is such that it is difficult to operate in these areas without having some form of
         impact on heritage values. BHP seeks to address this through its heritage management
         framework, which has three broad components.
         1) Policies and procedures: Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement, Indigenous Peoples
            Strategy and Reconciliation Action Plan. These policies and procedures contain specific
            commitments in relation to cultural heritage including (1) meaningful participation of
            Indigenous peoples in decision making; (2) early engagement and consultation in the
            project planning process; and (3) implementation of a framework for identifying,
            documenting and managing cultural heritage that seeks to minimise impacts on heritage
            sites.
              The heritage processes are underpinned by information management systems that map
              the location of cultural heritage sites and store related information (e.g., the significance
              of the site).
         2) Agreements with Traditional Owners: Fundamental to BHP’s approach is entering into
            an Indigenous Land Use Agreement (ILUA) with Traditional Owners. These agreements
            are underpinned by Traditional Owners consenting to BHP carrying out its business on
            Traditional Owner lands and agreeing a pathway for BHP to seek relevant government
            approvals. At WAIO these agreements typically identify heritage areas of high cultural
            and environmental significance which BHP cannot disturb, or where greater protections
            apply (referred to as ‘Exclusion Zones’). All identified Exclusion Zones are duly
            considered in the mine plan and impacted Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources are
            excluded from reporting.
         3) Compliance with statutory obligations: There are varying legislative regimes across
            Australia. In Western Australia, agreements with Traditional Owners are not recognised
            within the current Aboriginal Heritage Act 1972 (AHA). It requires instead that
            Government approval be obtained to disturb heritage sites (referred to as a ‘section 18
            consent’). Note that legislative reform is currently being undertaken by the Government
            of Western Australia and BHP has supported this publicly. The Aboriginal Cultural
            Heritage Bill 2021 passed State Parliament and received Royal Assent on 22 December
            2021, giving Western Australia new Aboriginal heritage legislation, the Aboriginal Cultural
            Heritage Act 2021 (ACH Act). The ACH Act is scheduled to come into operation following
            a transitional period of at least 12 months. During this period the Government of Western

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 219


              Australia is undertaking a co-design process with Aboriginal people and other
              stakeholders to develop key regulations and statutory guidelines required for the
              administration of the ACH Act. BHP is expected to have the opportunity to participate in
              this process. The new legislation requires greater consultation with Traditional Owners
              and contemplates agreement-making via cultural heritage management plans (CHMP).
              In these respects, the legislation is aligned with the approach supported by BHP. BHP
              also treat the current legislative regime as simply the starting point for BHP’s approach
              to Heritage Management, not the benchmark.
              Heritage places and objects may be protected under either or both State and Federal
              legislation. BHP is required to conform to regulatory requirements relating to Aboriginal
              cultural heritage, specifically:

                  •    Aboriginal Heritage Act 1972 (WA) and Aboriginal Heritage Regulations 1974
                       (WA);
                  •    Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Heritage Protection Act 1984 (Cth);
                  •    Native Title Act 1993 (Cth);
                  •    Environmental Protection Act 1986 (WA); and
                  •    Environmental Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (Cth).

17.4.4 Cultural Heritage Management Plans for Exclusion Zones
              Cultural Heritage Management Plans (CHMP) are prepared in consultation with the
              relevant Native Title group to outline strategies for the preservation and management of
              all known Aboriginal cultural heritage values within each project area. This includes
              Exclusion Zones identified with the agreements and all other heritage places identified
              during ethnographic or archaeological assessments. Each CHMP will outline the
              legislative framework, statutory obligations and guiding principles that apply to Aboriginal
              cultural heritage within the project area. The CHMP will be used in conjunction with any
              existing protocols and / or agreements developed through consultation with the Native
              Title group and their representative body.
              The CHMP recognises that Aboriginal people have rights and responsibilities to care for
              their own heritage, exercise responsibility for country and transmit cultural practices to
              new generations. As such, in addition to involvement in Aboriginal cultural heritage
              surveys, the relevant Native Title group should have ongoing access to, and input into
              the management of, cultural heritage places, sites and objects.
              These CHMP’s will not override the provisions of the Aboriginal Heritage Act 1972 (WA)
              (the Act), any Comprehensive Agreement with the relevant Native Title group or other
              relevant legislation.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 220


              The underlying principle of the CHMP is a commitment to manage Aboriginal cultural
              heritage in a manner that is both consistent with the various relevant legislations and
              Aboriginal conceptions of cultural heritage.
              Currently both the Western Ridge and Minsters North CHMP’s are in a draft format while
              WAIO completes all necessary consultations and studies. These consultations and
              studies included a broader definition of Aboriginal cultural heritage and aim to adopt the
              idea of ‘place’, which can potentially include both tangible and intangible aspects within
              each Project.
              Any final investment decision on either of these Projects will consider an agreed CHMP
              between the Native Title holders and WAIO as an integral component to support the
              Project. While the CHMP is a transition from existing legislation, it is aligned to BHP’s
              approach to include greater consultation and active involvement with Traditional Owners
              via an agreed cultural heritage management plan (CHMP).

17.4.5 Compulsory Training of Personnel Employed
              Personnel employed within all WAIO Operations undergo a compulsory induction, which
              includes

                  •    Advice of their obligations under the AHA not to disturb, alter or damage any
                       Aboriginal heritage site.

                  •    Management and protection measures required for each of the Aboriginal sites
                       located within and adjacent to BHP tenure.

                  •    BHP’s internal land disturbance approvals process.

                  •    Process to report any previously unrecorded Aboriginal heritage site, if one is
                       discovered or if damage to an Aboriginal heritage site, is identified.

17.5     Mine Closure Plans and Associated Costs

17.5.1 Mine Closure Plans
         WAIO mining operations have a regulatory Mine Closure Plan (MCP) as per the requirement
         under each Ministerial Statement (Section 17.3.5). Ministerial Statements typically specify
         the development and approval of a MCP as part of the environmental management for the
         proposal. Mining operations also have an internal BHP closure management plan that state
         the site’s closure requirements and closure strategy.
         Closure plans include both conceptual closure measures as well as measures that are more
         specific to address potential areas of concern or areas where mining operations have ceased
         or will soon finish and become available for progressive rehabilitation. The following
         subsections describe key elements of the plan.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 221


         Closure domains and features - Most operational sites are split into physically distinct
         domains and features, to facilitate closure planning, comprising:

              •   Overburden Storage Areas (OSA)

              •   Mine Voids

              •   Infrastructure

              •   Roads and Rail

              •   Tailings Storage Facility (TSF) and Dams (where applicable)
         Progressive rehabilitation, which is rehabilitation undertaken during mining operations, is
         planned and commonly executed as areas become available.
         Closure objectives – The current over-arching objective is to return disturbed areas to a
         safe, stable, non-polluting and sustainable condition, consistent with agreed post-mining land
         use(s).
         Post-mining land use - Current closure strategies identify post mining land use similar to
         what existed prior to mining. For most sites the provisional use envisaged being natural
         environment for managed resource protection to low intensity grazing. As knowledge
         evolves, and stakeholder engagement progresses, alternative post-mining land uses are
         possible.
         Closure Planning – The key measures proposed for the primary areas, and associated
         assumptions, are as follows:

              •   Mine Voids: Mine pit voids can have a number of closure outcomes, depending on
                  the nearby eco-hydrological receptor and stakeholder-agreed final land use, these
                  options could include being left as open-pit voids or backfilling (fully or partially).
                  Backfilling generally relates to mine voids where mining extended below the pre-
                  mining groundwater table and required dewatering activities prior to and during
                  mining. In these areas backfill may be a mandatory requirement by regulators or a
                  stakeholder-agreed activity to mitigate groundwater impacts from the mine
                  dewatering. In these instances, backfill will typically be to at least five metres above
                  the pre-mining water table.
                  Achieving backfill can be by waste rock rehandle from OSAs or through in-pit dumping
                  during mining operations. In addition to backfill considerations, safety measures,
                  such as mine void abandonment bunds and fences, will need to be established.

              •   OSAs: Ex-pit OSA landforms comprise overburden and waste rock material mined
                  during operations. The rehabilitation basis of design for these landforms will be to re-
                  profile and establish native vegetation to minimise erosion. Waste rock dumped in



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 222


                  some OSAs may be either fully or partially used for mine void backfill operations
                  negating the need for rehabilitation of the dumped material.
                  Geochemically adverse mined waste, such as potential acid forming (PAF) material
                  will be specially managed during operations, generally through encapsulation
                  internally within OSAs during operations. After mine closure a further cover system
                  may be required on these landforms.

              •   Infrastructure: Stakeholders will be consulted regarding their interest in the
                  infrastructure as part of post-mining land use consultation. In the event stakeholders
                  or other interests do not take up infrastructure ownership, decommissioning,
                  demolition and removal of all fixed site assets will be undertaken.

              •   Land disturbance areas (other): All areas other than mine voids and OSAs where
                  the original ground area has been disturbed, including infrastructure footprints (once
                  the infrastructure has been decommissioned and demolished), will be rehabilitated.
                  Rehabilitation may include scarification and always involves applying topsoil and seed
                  to the affected areas

              •   TSF and Dams: Within the WAIO mines portfolio only Mt Whaleback mine has a TSF
                  and acid rock drainage (ARD) dam. The Whaleback TSF is expected to be re-profiled
                  with a store and release cover system constructed to encapsulate the stored tailings.
                  Conceptual closure of the ARD Dam and evaporation ponds includes removing the
                  embankments, re-profiling the area to be free draining, and then re-establishing native
                  vegetation.
         Progressive rehabilitation schedule – Progressive rehabilitation and closure activities are
         identified as part of the five-year plan and Life of Asset Planning cycles. The current closure
         plan details a 5-year plan (2022 to 2026) to re-profile, repair and or rehabilitate select OSAs.
         WAIO sites, generally, have a long operational mine life and progressive rehabilitation will be
         ongoing throughout mine life, but will be limited to available areas. To date no rehabilitated
         areas have been certified or relinquished.
         Closure schedule – Most other major activities (e.g., closure of road and rail, infrastructure
         decommissioning) are currently scheduled to commence rehabilitation when areas become
         available at the end of the life of asset.
         Post-closure monitoring – Post closure monitoring currently accounts for a period of 20
         years (from commencement of closure). Plans include monitoring of completion criteria,
         fauna, weeds and feral animals, surface and groundwater, regulated structures and final
         voids. The duration of post closure monitoring will be dependent on meeting the closure
         objectives of safe, stable, non-polluting and sustainable.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 223


         Unplanned closure – In the event of early or unplanned closure BHP would be required to
         decommission and rehabilitate each site in line with objectives outlined in the MCP. Each
         landform or structure at the site would be assessed on a case-by-case basis to develop a
         final design or plan.
         In addition to this, a closure provision has been calculated based on current disturbance. In
         such an event, the priority would be to maintain environmental compliance and ensure the
         site is safe, stable and non-polluting.
         Uncertainties or omissions – Closure strategies are based on the current understanding of
         the site, associated closure risks and legal requirements, and it is acknowledged that
         modifications are likely to occur as data and knowledge gaps are addressed. Information
         gathered on a regular basis during operations is used to test the validity of closure
         assumptions and assist in refining the selected options and defining completion criteria.
         The following key uncertainties and gaps exist in the current knowledge base:

              •   Ability for post mining land uses to withstand effects from climate change.

              •   Material characterisation and landform designs – in particular, aspects such as the
                  potential for saline/acid drainage from waste rock areas.

              •   Post-mine land use suitability.

              •   Final void management, including future water quality and connectivity with
                  downstream receptors.
         Ongoing studies and forward works to address the above knowledge gaps are summarised
         in Section 17.5.4.

17.5.2 Stakeholders
         As part of the broad consultation program BHP consults with identified stakeholders on
         closure related issues during each project phase (pre-approval, operations, rehabilitation and
         post closure) to ensure that legal requirements, risks and internal and external stakeholder
         expectations for closure are taken into account at an appropriate time and as far as
         practicable.

17.5.3 Closure Cost Estimation
         Closure of sites and associated infrastructure is required at end of mine life, or in some cases,
         during operations, to a condition agreed with relevant authorities, as specified in the licence
         requirements.
         The key components of rehabilitation and closure include:

              •   the removal of all unwanted infrastructure associated with an operation; and



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                 Page 224



              •   the return of disturbed areas to a safe, stable, productive and self-sustaining
                  condition, consistent with the agreed post-mining land use.
         Closure cost estimates presented here comprise costs based on the WAIO Closure Provision
         and future closure costs.
         Provisions for closure and rehabilitation are recognised when:

              •   there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events;

              •   it is more likely than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
                  obligation; and

              •   the amount can be reliably estimated.
         The initial closure provisions are calculated when environmental disturbance first occurs. The
         costs are the best estimate of expected costs required to close the site with current known
         standards and techniques and take into account an assessment of risk and uncertainties.
         Additional uncertainty may be addressed in the estimate by adopting a range of values for
         key cost drivers.
         Future closure costs are estimated based on current site conditions, context and site
         knowledge with respect to the mining of future reserves. Future cost estimates are typically
         less accurate than Closure Provision cost estimates due to a lower level of detail contained
         in mine plans, particularly, beyond the five-year planning horizon.
         For the closure cost estimate site conditions and obligations at closure may be different than
         currently expected or known, additionally many sites are either fully or partially at a
         conceptual closure design stage due to the long-life of mining operations. These factors may
         therefore drive change to closure costs, including cost escalations. Closure cost estimates
         have an annual review and update cycle and may also be updated based on material
         changes at site, the knowledge base or obligations. As sites approach mine closure, more
         detailed plans and cost estimates with increasing accuracy will be developed.
         The estimated closure costs for each hub within WAIO on 100% equity ownership basis is
         shown in Table 17-2. These costs were estimated in A$ and converted to US$ for this report
         using the US$/A$ exchange rate of 0.71 (see Section 19.1.3).
         Table 17-2: Estimated Total Closure Costs (on 100% basis) for each Hub
             Mining Hub                   Site                              Mineral Deposits               Undiscounted Closure
                                   (Mine Closure)1                                                          Cost (US$ million)
          Newman                Mt Whaleback                           Whaleback                                   519
                                Eastern Ridge                          Eastern Ridge                               273
                                OB17/18/31                             Shovelanna                                  173
                                N/A2                                   Western Ridge                                56



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3               30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                           Page 225


             Jimblebar          Jimblebar                              South Jimblebar,
                                                                                                           383
                                                                       Wheelarra, Hashimoto
             Mining Area C      Mining Area C                          North Flank, Packsaddle              554
                                                                       South Flank                          417
             Yandi              Yandi                                  Yandi                               1,001
             Port and Rail3     N/A2                                   N/A                                  933
                                              WAIO Total                                                   4,308
         1
          Site (Mine Closure) name aligns to the mine site nomenclature used in the respective regulatory Mine
         Closure Plan. 2 No Mine Closure Plan submitted or approved. 3 WAIO has statutory obligations to
         decommission the WAIO mine to rail network and related port facilities.
         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.

17.5.4 Ongoing studies and forward works
         Most WAIO mines have a long mine life and site knowledge bases are incomplete. BHP has
         identified the below actions required to address uncertainties and gaps, including a range of
         modelling studies and field trials with the objective of achieving the following, among other
         things:

               •   Establish detailed landform designs and determine the geotechnical and geochemical
                   stability of the post-closure landforms in the long term.

               •   Determine the topsoil and subsoil characteristics and depth requirements, and the
                   capability of rehabilitated areas to effectively revegetate to meet completion criteria.

               •   Understand water management requirements, in terms of managing groundwater
                   levels from mine dewatering activities and mitigating the risk of long-term water quality
                   impact.
         Many of the planned activities to close the gaps and uncertainties are ongoing through life of
         asset.

17.5.5 Summary and Conclusions
         Each WAIO site has at a minimum an internal site-specific closure plan. These mines have
         a combination of the proposed closure measures at a conceptual level, where mine life is
         more than 10 years, and detailed closure strategies where the sites are closer to mine
         closure. BHP has identified the actions required to address uncertainties and gaps over the
         life of asset, including a range of modelling studies and field trials.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3         30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 226


         In most closure plans, mine voids will be backfilled where mandatory and/or where
         practicable, rehabilitation of OSAs and disturbed areas will occur progressively throughout
         mine life and also once mining has ceased. Other major closure activities addressing residual
         domains (e.g., infrastructure decommissioning) are scheduled to commence when areas
         become available at the end of life of asset. Post closure monitoring currently accounts for a
         period of 20 years (from commencement of closure).
         Estimated total closure cost for WAIO is US$4.3 billion (undiscounted) on 100% ownership
         basis as per details already provided in Table 17-2.

17.6     QP Opinion on the Adequacy of the Current Plans
         In the opinion of the QPs the processes laid down in WAIO’s Environmental Management
         Plan and briefly described above are adequate in addressing any issues related to
         environmental compliance, permitting and local or individual groups.

17.7     Local procurement and hiring

17.7.1 Local and Indigenous Procurement
         BHP has been operating a Local Buying Program, which is delivered in a strategic partnership
         between BHP and C-Res – a cost neutral organisation. The program has been operating
         successfully across BHP’s operations in Western Australia since 2017.
         BHP’s ongoing local procurement processes and initiatives focus on two subset groups:

              •   Local suppliers with spend over US$2 million per annum (90% of current local spend)

              •   Local suppliers (small businesses) engaged via the Local Buying Program (10% of
                  local spend, however makes up the majority of BHP’s local suppliers).
         Similarly, BHP’s Indigenous suppliers are split into two subset groups:

              •   Indigenous Business: Suppliers are 50% or more owned by person(s) identifying as
                  Australian Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander.

              •   BHP Considered Traditional Owner Business: Suppliers which have any ownership
                  by a Traditional Owner(s) from one of the language groups on who’s land BHP
                  operates or as defined in an Indigenous Land Use Agreement or other formal
                  agreement, providing a minimum overall Indigenous ownership of 50% exists.

17.7.2 Local and Indigenous Hiring
         BHP has set targets to increase Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander employment in its total
         managed workforce, including direct, contracting and labour hire employees. Through
         targeted Indigenous recruitment campaigns, Indigenous representation across WAIO
         operations has reached 10.5% in 2022.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 227


18       Capital and Operating Costs

18.1     Capital Costs
         All the deposits that have Mineral Reserves are part of the currently on-going mining areas
         (production hubs) and have access to all the processing, transport and non-process
         infrastructure. No new mining production hub is required for the estimated Mineral Reserves
         and as such the only capital required is the Sustaining Capital.
         The costs required to sustain the current production rates include the replacement or rebuild
         of mining equipment, pit infrastructure, replacement of plant instrumentation and maintaining
         the current rail and port infrastructure.
         Mining equipment replacement schedule is based on the general life of the equipment
         calculated by the equipment engine hours. Pit infrastructure capital is related to any costs
         associated with advancement of pushbacks and enabling activities such as replacement of
         pumps, bores. Plant instrumentation capital costs are estimated using historical experience
         of working life of these components. Capital costs related to the rail and port infrastructure
         include capital associated with maintenance to sustain their existing capacities.
         This sustaining capital estimate for the purpose of this report is based on the average of the
         actual expenditure over the preceding three financial years (FY2019 to FY2021). The
         sustaining capital expenditure is converted to the unit cost using the actual production for the
         same period.
         Sustaining capital expenses can be classified in two broad sets of items:

              •   Non-Discretionary – These expenses relate to sustaining the existing operations and
                  assets and include items such as maintain external compliance, risk reduction
                  projects, maintain asset integrity and equipment and plant instrumentation
                  replacement (or refurbishment).

              •   Improvement – These expenses relate to the projects that enable improved
                  productivity, quality, facilities and organisational culture. Examples of such items
                  include minor upgrades to equipment and plant to increase productivity; improving
                  camp and site facilities; projects to improve infrastructure and assets.
         The costs are estimated by WAIO in Australian dollars (A$) and have been converted to US
         dollars (US$) for this report using the foreign exchange rate described in Section 19.1.3.
         The total capital costs are presented in Table 18-1.
         Table 18-1 Capital Cost Estimate
                       Capital Cost Type                                                   Unit            Cost
               New Mine Capital                                      US$                                    -
               New Processing Capital                                US$                                    -



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                            Page 228


               New Transport and Other Capital                       US$                                             -
               Sustaining Capital                                    Per wmt of Mineral Reserves                   3.81

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.

18.2     Operating Costs
         For the purpose of this reporting, the operating costs for WAIO are split into following main
         categories.

              •   Mining

              •   Processing

              •   Logistics (ore transport using Rail and Port handling / ship loading)

              •   Other Costs (including Marketing, Exploration, Demurrage)

              •   Overheads (General and Administrative costs)
         The operating cost estimate for the purpose of this report is based on the actual performance
         of WAIO over the preceding three financial years (FY2019 to FY2021) and calculated as
         average of the yearly actual costs for the same three years. These costs are as FOB Port
         Hedland and estimated by WAIO in A$, which have been converted to US$ for this report
         using the foreign exchange rate described in Section 19.1.3.
         Operating costs are presented in Table 18-2.
         Table 18-2 Operating Cost Estimate
                       Operating Cost Item                                               Basis             Unit Cost (US$)
          Mining                                                       Per wmt of Material Mined                      2.09
          Processing                                                   Per wmt of Mineral Reserves                    3.09
          Logistics (Rail transport and Port handling)                 Per wmt of Mineral Reserves                    4.37
          Other (Marketing, Exploration, Demurrage)                    Per wmt of Mineral Reserves                    0.85
          Overheads                                                    Per wmt of Mineral Reserves                    2.56

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3          30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                               Page 229


         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         The total operating costs on 85% BHP share basis for the life of asset are represented in
         Table 18-3.
         Table 18-3 Total Operating Costs (85% BHP economic share)
                            Operating Cost Item                                 Total Cost over Life (US$ billion)
              Mining                                                                                          23.4
              Processing                                                                                      11.1
              Logistics (Rail and Port)                                                                       15.7
              Other (Marketing, Exploration, Demurrage)                                                        3.1
              Overheads                                                                                        9.2
              Total Operating Cost for the Life                                                               62.5

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         Based on the total operating cost for the life of asset and the Mineral Reserve estimate of
         3,590 Mt (Table 12-5); the unit cost for Mineral Reserve is estimated at US$17.4 per wmt of
         Mineral Reserves.

18.2.1 Mining Costs
         Mining costs relate to the cost of extracting material from the pit and delivering it to the final
         material destination (ROM, Stockpile, Crusher or Waste Dump). The major components of
         mining costs are drilling, blasting, loading, hauling and ancillary. The historical 3-year average
         costs for these components were used as the basis for cost estimates. The hauling unit costs
         are inclusive of hourly truck operating costs to account for haul distance and cycle time.

18.2.2 Processing Costs
         Processing costs include costs for primary and secondary crushing and screening of the ore,
         costs for Ore Handling Plants (OHPs), Overland Conveyor and car dumping or shuttle train
         where applicable. Beneficiation costs are applied to the ore processed at Whaleback



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3             30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 230


         Beneficiation Plant (see Section 14). The historical 3-year average costs for these
         components were used as the basis for cost estimates.

18.2.3 Logistics
         Logistics cost include the cost of transporting the Lump and Fines ore from mine to the port
         at Port Hedland. These include the costs of railing from mine to the port; screen and blending
         at the port and ship loading. The historical 3-year average costs for these components were
         used as the basis for cost estimates.

18.2.4 Overheads
         Overhead costs include the General and Administration (G&A) costs that relate to the general
         running of business at WAIO and include items such as utilities, rent and salaries as well as
         others. The historical 3-year average costs for these components were used as the basis for
         cost estimates.

18.3     Basis and Accuracy Level of Cost Estimates
         WAIO is an operating asset with active production for a number of decades and the cost
         estimates are based on recent operating performance. The average over the previous three
         financial years (July 2018 – June 2021) of actual costs has been used to estimate Mineral
         Reserves. WAIO is an operating stage property and has been actively producing for a number
         of decades.
         The estimated Mineral Reserves are part of the current on-going mining areas and do not
         include construction of new mining production hubs, new processing infrastructure, new
         transport and supporting infrastructure. The only capital cost for the life of the asset is the
         Sustaining Capital which includes major equipment rebuild, replacement schedule and other
         expenditure required to sustain the current production level.
         At any point in time, production is drawn from multiple separate pits which are at different
         stages in their life – some developing, some in full production and some nearing end of life.
         The active mining benches are located at depths ranging from near surface to bottom of final
         pit. Additionally, the location of pits from material destinations (processing facilities and waste
         dumps) ranges between near the pit to a few kilometres. Therefore, the average haulage
         distance is not expected to increase significantly for the life of asset.
         There are no proposed changes to the existing mining, processing and transport methods,
         and therefore, in the QPs’ opinion, the average actual operating and capital costs over the
         previous three financial years (July 2018 – June 2021) is fair and reasonable estimate of
         costs within the accuracy level of ±25% and these cost estimates have been used to
         determine Mineral Reserves.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 231


         Factors outside BHP’s control such as inflation and price of fuel, gas and power may have
         an impact on the cost estimate however any variation to these input costs is expected to fall
         well within the accuracy level of ±25% and is not material to the Mineral Reserves estimates.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 232


19       Economic Analysis

19.1     Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods Used
         The economic analysis presented in this section is based on annual cash flows including
         sales revenue (sales point Port Hedland FOB), operating and closure costs, capital
         expenditure, royalties and income tax for the full Mineral Reserve production schedule,
         reflecting the integrated WAIO production system and supply chain to mine, process and
         transport iron ore to the sales point.
         All results are presented in 85% BHP economic interest terms.

19.1.1 Mine Physicals
         Total material movement and Mineral Reserve tonnages included in the economic analysis
         are shown in Table 19-1.
         Table 19-1: Mineral Reserve Physicals
              Material Movement (Mineral Reserves, Inferred Mineral Resource and waste)                    11,206 Mt
              Mineral Reserves                                                                              3,590 Mt

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         As presented in Section 13.3.3 and repeated here in Figure 19-1, the overall Mineral
         Reserves production schedule for WAIO (registrant share) covers a period of 30 years. Total
         Mineral Reserves (WAIO Total Proven and Probable) is 3,590 Mt (details in Table 12-5).




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 233




         Figure 19-1: Production Schedule for WAIO
         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         Overall ore production includes Inferred Mineral Resources which are mined concurrently
         from the pits with Mineral Reserves. Only Mineral Reserves have been considered in
         calculating sales revenue. Inferred Mineral Resources have been considered as waste and
         no revenue has been assigned to the production from Inferred Mineral Resources.
         The Mineral Reserves production schedule includes fines and lump ore types blend grades
         to calculate annual product revenue.

19.1.2 Iron Ore Price
         As already described in Section 12.1.2, long-term price of US$86 per dmt (FOB Port Hedland)
         for Platts 62% Fe Fines Index and US$103 per dmt (FOB Port Hedland) for Lump 62.5% Fe
         were for the purpose of this report estimated from historical actual monthly averages for the
         preceding three financial years from July 2018 to June 2021 and used for the determination
         of Mineral Reserves. The same commodity prices have been used for this economic analysis.

19.1.3 Foreign Exchange Rate
         Input operating and capital costs for WAIO were estimated in Australian dollars (A$). A
         foreign exchange rate of 0.71 US$/A$ has been used to convert and present cash flows in
         US$ stated in this report. This exchange rate represents the average of the actual monthly

                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 234


         foreign exchange rates for the preceding three financial years (July 2018 to June 2021),
         which were provided by the registrant.

19.1.4 Capital and Operating Costs
         Capital costs (refer Section 18.1) are included in the cash flow to sustain the rail and port
         production capacity required for the Mineral Reserve production schedule along with typical
         mine replacement or rebuild of mining equipment, pit pushbacks, development clearing and
         replacement of plant instrumentation. There are no material individual development
         expenditures (e.g., new mining hubs) expected to be required above the sustaining capital
         amounts to produce the Mineral Reserve.
         Operating costs (refer Section 0) included in the cash flow are representative of operating
         conditions at WAIO over the previous three financial years (July 2018 to June 2021) and are
         applied to the full Mineral Reserve physical activity schedule from mines to sales point.

19.1.5 Closure Costs
         Closure and rehabilitation costs throughout the production period and after end of Mineral
         Reserves mine life in the year 2052 have been included in the economic analysis (refer
         Section 17.5.3).

19.1.6 Royalties and Taxes
         The following royalties, fees and income tax are assumed to be paid in the financial year
         incurred in the annual cash flow analysis:

              •   Western Australia State mining royalties of 7.5% FOB sales revenue are payable on
                  all direct shipping iron ore sold.

              •   Private royalties, additional lease rentals and native title payments which comprise
                  approximately 1.7% of FOB revenue, in aggregate.

              •   Company tax of 30% is payable on taxable revenues less deductions each year. All
                  revenues are assumed to be taxable. Eligible deductions for company tax include all
                  royalties, native title payments, operating expenses, capital asset depreciation and
                  closure costs. Depreciation is estimated using the diminishing value method, by
                  dividing 200% by an asset’s useful life in years.

19.1.7 Valuation Assumptions
         Discounted annual cash flows are calculated using a 6.5% real, post-tax discount rate at a
         valuation date of 1 July 2022. The discount rate has been provided by the registrant for
         utilisation in the economic analysis and is based on the average of weighted average cost of
         capital disclosures by brokers, adjusted where required for inflation of 2.0% per annum.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                   Page 235


19.2     Results of Economic Analysis
         Results of the economic analysis based on the annual production schedule of WAIO Mineral
         Reserves is summarised at Table 19-2. Total after tax cash flow of US$148.9 billion,
         discounted to 1 July 2022 using a discount rate of 6.5% results in a net present value (NPV)
         of US$88.3 billion.
         Table 19-2: WAIO Cash Flow Summary
             Item                                                                                          US$ billion
             Revenue                                                                                            314.1
             Operating costs                                                                                    (62.5)
             Capital expenditures                                                                               (14.3)
             Closure and rehabilitation (remaining after final year of production)                               (3.7)
             Royalties and taxes                                                                                (84.8)
             After-tax cash flow                                                                                148.9
             Discounted cash flow (6.5%, Jul-22)                                                                  88.3

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         The annual cash flow presented in Figure 19-2 includes all remaining closure and
         rehabilitation related annual cash flows summed after the final year of Mineral Reserve
         production, for clarity of presentation.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                 30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 236




         Figure 19-2: Annual Cash Flow
         The sole purpose of the annual cash flow data presented above is to demonstrate the
         economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-
         K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was
         prepared based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs
         described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and
         inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or
         operational performance. The presented information contains forward-looking statements.
         Please refer to “Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements” at the front of this Technical
         Report Summary.
         As there is no initial investment to be recovered, the internal rate of return (IRR) and payback
         period are not applicable for this cash flow analysis or economic viability.
         Based on the above results, it is the Qualified Person’s opinion that extraction of the Mineral
         Reserve is economically viable.

19.3     Sensitivity Analysis
         Economic sensitivity analysis results are presented at Table 19-3 based on variations in
         significant input parameters and assumptions.
         Iron ore grade is not included as a significant uncertainty in this analysis as blending through
         production scheduling is integral to operations to ensure shipped ore grades meet customer
         requirements.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                             Page 237




         Table 19-3: Results of Sensitivity Analysis
          Input parameter                                                          NPV US$ billion
                                                            -25%                      Reference            +25%
          Iron ore prices                                    59.8                        88.3              116.7
          US$/A$ foreign exchange rate                       95.5                        88.3               81.0
          Operating costs                                    93.8                        88.3               82.7
          Capital expenditure                                89.9                        88.3               86.6

         The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability
         of the mineral reserves for the purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and
         should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
         Pre-Feasibility-level studies and three year historical prices and costs described in this
         Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as assumptions and inputs are updated.
         The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance.
         The presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note
         Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical Report Summary.
         The NPV of WAIO Mineral Reserves is robust to variations in significant input parameters.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3           30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 238


20       Adjacent Properties
         The QPs note that there are a number of adjacent iron ore properties in the strike extension
         of WAIO deposits, which are known from geological evidence and information publicly
         disclosed by owners / operators of the adjacent properties. Some of these adjacent properties
         are currently under production.
         However, the QPs confirm that no information concerning any adjacent property has been
         used in any way that is the subject of this Technical Report Summary. WAIO has undertaken
         adequate exploration and drilling to delineate deposits and estimate Mineral Resources on
         its own tenure.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 239


21       Other Relevant Data and Information
         Annual Risk Reviews are conducted jointly by Assets and the BHP Resource Centre of
         Excellence to ensure significant and material risks to Tenure, Mineral Resources and Mineral
         Reserves are adequately managed. The Risk Review process identifies key reporting
         changes regarding the annual declaration of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves and
         agreed actions requiring completion prior to BHP’s annual reporting. Issues and opportunities
         identified during the Risk Reviews inform BHP’s annual assurance plan.
         It is the QP’s opinion that all internal controls have been covered in prior sections of the TRS.
         For the fiscal year ended 30 June 2022, WAIO had 10.4 billion tonnes Inferred Mineral
         Resources compared to 8.0 billion tonnes of Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources
         (including parts converted to Mineral Reserves). Therefore, mine life beyond what is currently
         scheduled based on Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources will depend on the extent
         of Inferred Mineral Resources converting to Measured and Indicated Resources from future
         exploration programs.
         Any part of the Inferred Mineral Resources converted to the Measured or Indicated category
         will be subject to the application of technical modifying factors before conversion to Mineral
         Reserves. Before conversion to Mineral Reserves, the QPs must be satisfied that all
         modifying factors are considered and adequately applied and that no significant uncertainties
         remain that could impact the Mineral Reserve estimates materially.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 240


22       Interpretation and Conclusions
         WAIO has a substantial Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves base supported by
         extensive sampling through exploration drilling and other geological information. The majority
         of the deposits are located within an area 250km long and 100km wide, close to existing
         infrastructure. This concentration of deposits provides the flexibility to add growth tonnes to
         existing hub infrastructure and link greenfields developments to existing mainline rail and port
         facilities. The large resource base is capable of supporting the current rate of production for
         several decades.
         There has been over 50 years of production history on the property and this has been used
         to validate and calibrate the resource and reserve estimates. The high proportion of Indicated
         / Measured and the reconciliation history give high confidence in the estimation and reporting
         of the Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserves. In the QPs’ opinion the estimates of WAIO
         Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are duly supported by adequate technical data and
         reasonable assumptions as stated in this report.
         Future exploration work, including drilling, continues to improve the local estimate within all
         resource categories.
         Mineral Resources confidence is reflected in the applied resource classifications, in
         accordance with the SEC S-K 1300, with factors influencing resource classification including
         but not limited to data density, data quality, geological continuity and/or complexity,
         estimation quality and weathering zones. Reconciliation data from operating mines supports
         the confidence of resource estimates.

22.1     Mineral Resources
         The generation and classification of Mineral Resource estimates, and their associated risks
         have been described in detail in preceding sections of the TRS. Conclusions drawn from
         these are as follows:

              •   Exploration drilling, sampling and QAQC of sample data follow standard industry
                  practice, with extensive data validations at each step of the data collection process.
                  BHP have well-established databases with inbuilt functions that prevent the
                  introduction of any inadvertent data errors.

              •   Geological models are generated and peer reviewed extensively, with models verified
                  by senior field and modelling geologists. An extensive checklist is followed, with each
                  step verified by a peer reviewer prior to the commencement of the next stage.

              •   Resource estimates follow a rigorous process, with an ultimate extensive review by
                  the QP. Classification documentation is provided to describe all factors contributing
                  to the confidence in a resource estimate and the level of uncertainty present. Each
                  resource estimate is endorsed by a QP prior to handover to Mine Planning.


                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 241


         It is the QP’s opinion that any significant risks and uncertainties are addressed appropriately
         in the identification and compilation of Mineral Resources within BHP’s property portfolio.
         These risks and uncertainties have been minimised through the robust framework covering
         the estimation process and extensive checks established at each step of the process.

22.2     Mineral Reserves
         The estimation methodology and classification of Mineral Reserve estimates, and their
         associated risks and uncertainties, have been described in detail in the preceding section of
         this report. Conclusions drawn from these are as follows:

              •   Historical demonstrated performance and robust reconciliation underpin the high
                  confidence technical modifying factors for Mineral Reserves.

              •   The mining method, assumptions and application of modifying factors are aligned to
                  the industry standard and appropriate for estimation and classification of Mineral
                  Reserves.

              •   Any significant risks or uncertainties are addressed appropriately in estimation of the
                  Mineral Reserves.

              •   The Mineral Reserves are estimated using open-cut mining-method assumptions and
                  were classified in accordance with definitions set-out in Regulation S-K 1300. The
                  Mineral Reserves were converted from Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources
                  after application of modifying factors. No Mineral Reserves are derived from the
                  Inferred Mineral Resources.

              •   The Mineral Reserve estimate is not materially sensitive to variations in the input
                  assumptions. Economic value is most sensitive to the commodity price however the
                  property still remains positively economic for the life of Mineral Reserves.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 242


23       Recommendations
         WAIO regularly conducts independent audits of its Mineral Resources and Reserves, with
         consistent outcomes that its procedures and processes follow that of standard industry
         practice, and with no material issues identified. Several minor recommendations from these
         audits were made, and these are noted as follows:

              •   Refinement of domain practices to fit geology, geometallurgy and grade continuity
                  purposes

              •   Consideration of conditional simulation to identify areas of uncertainty and support
                  resource classification
         For continuous improvement in Mineral Reserve estimation, the following recommendations
         should be applied to future work:

              •   Continue to review and update the Mineral Reserve estimate at least on a yearly basis
                  or when new information becomes available that may materially impact the modifying
                  factors.

              •   Continuous review of the technical modifying factors considering emerging
                  technology, carbon emission control and technical studies outcomes.

              •   Periodical independent review of Mineral Reserves estimation methodology and
                  implementation of any identified recommendations from the review outcomes.

23.1     Recommended Work Programs
         Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves estimates - WAIO currently has a large amount
         of Inferred Mineral Resources which have low geological confidence and hence require more
         drilling prior to assessing their economic viability. It is clear from the data presented in
         Table 7-1 that WAIO has been undertaking drilling programmes in the range of 450km to
         500km per year since 2008. The QPs recommend that WAIO continue with similar annual
         levels of drilling to increase geological confidence in the Inferred Mineral Resources.
         Environmental Permitting – As noted in Section 3.6 not all permits and approvals required
         to extract the entire Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources on the BHP leases are in place.
         Although there is an expectation, based on past experience, that the permits will be received
         in a timely matter, the QPs recommend WAIO continue planning and securing the permits as
         per the internal life of mine plan.
         Land Access - As also noted in Section 3.6 pursuant to the new Aboriginal Cultural Heritage
         Act 2021 (WA) on-going consultations between BHP and the traditional owners are required
         as new information on heritage becomes available through ethnological and archaeological
         surveys and cultural heritage management plans are agreed. Therefore the QPs recommend



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 243


         BHP continue ongoing consultations with the traditional owners to ensure consent is received
         in advance, prior to deciding areas available for mining and developing mine plans.
         Conversion to Mineral Reserves - Any part of the Inferred Mineral Resources converted to
         the Measured or Indicated category will be subject to the application of technical modifying
         factors before conversion to Mineral Reserves. Before conversion to Mineral Reserves, the
         QPs must be satisfied that all modifying factors are considered and adequately applied and
         that no significant uncertainties remain that could impact the Mineral Reserve estimates
         materially.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 244


24       References
         The list of the references cited in this report is given below.
         BHP Billiton Iron Ore Annual Environmental Report July 2019 – June 2020 (BHP, 2020)
         Operational policy no. 5.12 – Hydrogeological reporting associated with a groundwater well
                 licence” (DoW, 2009)
         BHP’s economic and commodity outlook Financial Year 2021 (available on BHP website)
         Harmsworth, R.A., Kneeshaw, M., Morris, R.C., Robinson, C.J., and Shrivastava, P.K., 1990.
               BIF-derived iron ores of the Hamersley Province: Monograph 14, Geology of the
               Mineral Deposits of Australia and Papua New Guinea, p. 617-642, (AusIMM,
               Melbourne).
         Kneeshaw, M. and Morris, R.C., 2014. The Cenozoic detrital iron deposits of the Hamersley
                Province, Western Australia: Australian Journal of Earth Sciences, v. 61, p. 513-586.
         Morris, R.C., 1980. A textural and mineralogical study of the relationship of iron ore to banded
                  iron formation in the Hamersley iron province of Western Australia: Economic
                  Geology, v. 75, p. 184-209.
         Morris, R.C., 2012. Microplaty hematite- its varied nature and genesis: Australian Journal of
                  Earth Sciences, v. 59, p. 411-434.
         Perring, C.S., 2021. Petrography of martite-goethite ore and implications for ore genesis,
                  South Flank, Hamersley Province, Western Australia: Australian Journal of Earth
                  Sciences, v. 68, p. 782-798.
         Perring, C.S., Crowe, M., & Hronsky, J.M.A., 2020. A new fluid flow model for the genesis of
                  Banded Iron–Formation hosted martite-geothite mineralisation, with special
                  reference to the North and South flank deposits of the Hamersley Province, Western
                  Australia: Economic Geology, v. 115, p. 627-659.
         Ramanaidou, E. R., Morris, R. C., and Horowitz, R. C., 2003. Channel iron deposits of the
               Hamersley Province, Western Australia: Australian Journal of Earth Sciences, v. 50,
               p. 669–690.
         Rasmussen, B., Fletcher, I.R., Muhling, J.R., Thorne, W.S. and Broadbent, G.C., 2007.
               Prolonged history of episodic fluid flow in giant hematite ore bodies: Evidence from
               in situ U-Pb geochronology of hydrothermal xenotime: Earth and Planetary Science
               Letters, v. 258, p. 249-259.
         Simonson, B. M., Schubel, K. A., and Hassler, S. W., 1993b. Carbonate sedimentology of
                the early Precambrian Hamersley Group of Western Australia: Precambrian
                Research, v. 60, p.287-335.



                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                     Page 245


         Taylor, D., Dalstra, H.J., Harding, A.E, Broadbent, G., and Barley, M.E., 2001. Genesis of
                  high-grade hematite orebodies of the Hamersley province, Western Australia:
                  Economic Geology, v. 96, p. 837–873.
         Thorne, W.S., Hagemann, S.G., Sepe, D., Dalstra, H.J., and Banks, D.A., 2014. Structural
                 control, hydrothermal alteration, and fluid chemistry of the concealed, high-grade
                 4EE iron orebody at the Paraburdoo 4E deposit, Hamersley Province, Western
                 Australia: Economic Geology, v. 109, p. 1529-1562.
         Trendall, A.F., and Blockley J.G., 1970. The Iron Formations of the Precambrian Hamersley
                  Group, Western Australia. With special reference to the associated crocidolite:
                  Geological Survey of Western Australia, Bulletin 119, pp. 366.




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3   30 June 2022
BHP Group Limited
S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO)                                                   Page 246


25       Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant
         The QPs have relied on information provided by BHP in preparing their findings and
         conclusions regarding certain aspects of the modifying factors, and the sources of this
         information are listed in Table 25-1.
         Table 25-1: Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant
                                                                                                    Disclose Why the Qualified
                                                              Portion of
                               Report Item/                                                             Person Considers it
             Category                                      Technical Report
                                 Portion                                                                    Reasonable
                                                              Summary
                                                                                                    to Rely upon the Registrant
          Legal matters       Section 3.5            Significant encumbrances                    These matters are handled by
                              Section 3.6            and other key factors / risks               professional legal experts within
                                                     to the property                             BHP
                                                     Environmental Studies and                   Matters related to environmental
          Environmental       Section 17.1           Impact Assessments                          studies and permitting are
          matters             Section 17.3           Project Permitting                          undertaken by professional teams
                                                     Requirements                                within BHP.
                                                     Social Plans and                            Matters related to social plans,
                                                     Agreements with Local                       agreements with local groups,
          Plans for local     Section 17.4
                                                     groups                                      local procurement and hiring are
          groups              Section 17.7
                                                     Local procurement and                       managed by dedicated
                                                     Hiring                                      professional teams within BHP.
          Macro-              Section 19.1           Standard discount rate and                  Matters related to discount rates
          economic                                   foreign exchange rate                       and interest rates are maintained
          Assumptions                                (US$/A$)                                    by financial professionals within
                                                                                                 BHP and the accounting practices
                                                                                                 are audited annually by external
                                                                                                 auditors.
          Governmental        Section 19.1           Royalty and taxation                        These are external factors that
          factors                                                                                BHP must comply with and data
                                                                                                 is maintained by financial
                                                                                                 professionals within BHP




                                    Exhibit 96.2 - WAIO_S-K1300_Technical Report Summary_30 June 2022_v3                30 June 2022
                                                     Exhibit 96.3

SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                  Page i




  Title: Technical Report Summary - Jansen
  SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary
  Prefeasibility Study
  Jansen Potash Project
  Saskatchewan, Canada
  For the fiscal year ended: 30 June 2022

  Report Prepared for
  BHP Group Limited
  (ABN 49 004 028 077)
  171 Collins Street
  Melbourne
  Victoria
  Australia
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                            Page ii


          Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements
          This Technical Report Summary (TRS) contains forward-looking statements, including:
          statements regarding trends in commodity prices and currency exchange rates; demand for
          commodities; resources, reserves and production forecasts; plans, strategies and objectives of
          management; operations or facilities (including associated costs); anticipated production or
          construction commencement dates; capital costs and scheduling; operating costs and supply of
          materials and skilled employees; anticipated productive lives of projects, mines and facilities;
          provisions and contingent liabilities; and tax and regulatory developments.
          Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology including, but not limited
          to, ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘see’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘objective’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’,
          ‘commit’, ‘may’, ‘should’, ‘need’, ‘must’, ‘will’, ‘would’, ‘continue’, ‘forecast’, ‘guidance’, ‘trend’ or
          similar words. These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of assets or
          financial conditions, or provide other forward-looking information.
          Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and reflect judgments,
          assumptions, estimates and other information available as at the date of this TRS. These
          statements do not represent guarantees or predictions of future financial or operational
          performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of
          which are beyond the control of BHP and which may cause actual results to differ materially from
          those expressed in the statements contained in this TRS. Readers are cautioned against reliance
          on any forward-looking statements or guidance, including in light of the current economic climate
          and the significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption arising in connection with COVID-19. Other
          factors that may affect actual results are set out in BHP’s reports that are filed with, and furnished
          to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including BHP’s Annual Report on Form 20-F
          for the period ended June 30, 2022.
          Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not undertake to publicly update
          or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events.
          The production schedule data included in Sections 13 and 19 of this TRS has been prepared to
          demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves of Jansen only and may differ from
          production guidance published by BHP from time to time in accordance with the relevant ASX
          Listing Rules. See Sections 11, 12, 16, 17, 18 and 19 for more information on the pricing and
          cost assumptions utilised to produce Jansen’s production schedule data in this TRS.
          Specifically, the production schedule data for the entire life of mineral reserves included in
          Sections 13 and 19 of this TRS has been prepared utilising the average of Nutrien’s quarterly
          published offshore and onshore realised prices from Q1 2008 through Q4 2020 and annual costs
          sourced from bottom-up estimates, operational experience and benchmarking, budget quotes
          from potential vendors, design specifications, and currently contracted rates where applicable,
          whereas BHP’s forward production and cost guidance published in accordance with the ASX
          Listing Rules are prepared utilising BHP’s internally generated projected long-term commodity
          prices and cost assumptions. Therefore, the production schedule data included in this TRS may
          differ from BHP’s production guidance published in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules.
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                         Page iii




 Report Prepared by:

   Qualified Person             Specific Type of Activity and          Signature                 Date
                                Area of Accountability

   Balazs Nemeth                Mineral Tenure & Mineral               /s/Balazs Nemeth          30 June 2022
                                Resources – Section 1, 2, 3, 7
                                (excluding 7.3, 7.4), 11, 20, 22.1,
                                24
   Ozen Turkekul                Mineral Resources – Section 1, 2,      /s/Ozen Turkekul          30 June 2022
                                4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 21, 22.1, 24
   Johannes Sondergaard         Mineral Reserves – Section 1, 2,       /s/Johannes Sondergaard   30 June 2022
                                12, 13, 15 (excluding 15.6, 15.9),
                                16, 17.4-17.7, 19, 22.2, 23, 24, 25
   Cameron McKinnon             Metallurgy, Processing - Section 1,    /s/Cameron McKinnon       30 June 2022
                                2, 10, 14
   Darren Madsen                Mineral Reserves, Geotechnical –       /s/Darren Madsen          30 June 2022
                                Section 1, 2, 7.4, 13.2.1
   Bibek Shrestha               Hydrogeology - Section 1, 2, 7.3,      /s/Bibek Shrestha         30 June 2022
                                13.2.2
   Greg Gauld                   Operating Costs - Section 1, 2, 18.1   /s/Greg Gauld             30 June 2022
   Manjula Dissanayake          Capital Costs - Section 1, 2, 18.2     /s/Manjula Dissanayake    30 June 2022
   Melanie Failler              Environmental studies, Permitting -    /s/Melanie Failler        30 June 2022
                                Section 1, 2, 17 Introduction, 17.1,
                                17.2 (excluding 17.2.1, 17.2.2.),
                                17.3
   Jacques Ouellet              Shafts & Hoisting - Section 15.9       /s/Jacques Ouellet        30 June 2022
   SNC Lavalin                  Tailings disposal - Section 15.6,      /s/SNC-Lavalin            30 June 2022
                                17.2.1, 17.2.2
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                     Page iv




Table of Contents
1     EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ................................................................................................................................................. 15

    1.1       PROPERTY DESCRIPTION AND OWNERSHIP ............................................................................................................................ 16
    1.2       GEOLOGY AND MINERALISATION ........................................................................................................................................ 17
    1.3       STATUS OF EXPLORATION, DEVELOPMENT AND OPERATIONS.................................................................................................... 18
    1.4       MINERAL RESOURCES AND MINERAL RESERVES ESTIMATES...................................................................................................... 18
      1.4.1       Mineral Resources .................................................................................................................................................. 18
      1.4.2       Mineral Reserves .................................................................................................................................................... 20
    1.5       MINING METHOD ............................................................................................................................................................ 20
    1.6       PROCESSING AND RECOVERY METHODS ............................................................................................................................... 21
    1.7       INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................................................................. 21
    1.8       MARKET STUDIES............................................................................................................................................................. 21
    1.9       CAPITAL AND OPERATING COST ESTIMATES .......................................................................................................................... 22
    1.10      ECONOMIC ANALYSIS........................................................................................................................................................ 23
    1.11      PERMITTING REQUIREMENTS ............................................................................................................................................. 23
    1.12      QUALIFIED PERSON'S CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS.................................................................................................. 23

2     INTRODUCTION ........................................................................................................................................................... 25

    2.1       REGISTRANT FOR WHOM THE TECHNICAL REPORT SUMMARY WAS PREPARED ............................................................................. 25
    2.2       TERMS OF REFERENCE AND PURPOSE OF THE REPORT ............................................................................................................. 25
    2.3       SOURCES OF INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................................... 25
    2.4       DETAILS OF INSPECTION .................................................................................................................................................... 25
    2.5       REPORT VERSION UPDATE ................................................................................................................................................. 27

3     PROPERTY DESCRIPTION.............................................................................................................................................. 28

    3.1       PROPERTY LOCATION ........................................................................................................................................................ 28
    3.2       MINERAL TENURE ............................................................................................................................................................ 29
    3.3       MINERAL RIGHTS DESCRIPTION AND HOW THEY WERE OBTAINED ............................................................................................ 32
    3.4       ENCUMBRANCES.............................................................................................................................................................. 33
    3.5       OTHER SIGNIFICANT FACTORS AND RISKS ............................................................................................................................. 33
    3.6       ROYALTIES OR SIMILAR INTEREST ........................................................................................................................................ 33

4     ACCESSIBILITY, CLIMATE, LOCAL RESOURCES, INFRASTRUCTURE, AND PHYSIOGRAPHY .............................................. 35

    4.1       TOPOGRAPHY, ELEVATION, AND VEGETATION ....................................................................................................................... 35
    4.2       MEANS OF ACCESS ........................................................................................................................................................... 35
    4.3       CLIMATE AND LENGTH OF OPERATING SEASON ...................................................................................................................... 35
    4.4       INFRASTRUCTURE AND AVAILABILITY .................................................................................................................................... 35
    4.5       WATER .......................................................................................................................................................................... 36
    4.6       ELECTRICITY .................................................................................................................................................................... 36
    4.7       PERSONNEL .................................................................................................................................................................... 36
    4.8       SUPPLIES ........................................................................................................................................................................ 36

5     HISTORY ...................................................................................................................................................................... 37

    5.1       PREVIOUS OPERATIONS..................................................................................................................................................... 37
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                     Page v


     5.2       EXPLORATION AND DEVELOPMENT BY PREVIOUS OWNERS OR OPERATORS ................................................................................. 37

6      GEOLOGICAL SETTING, MINERALIZATION, AND DEPOSIT ............................................................................................. 40

     6.1       REGIONAL GEOLOGY ........................................................................................................................................................ 40
     6.2       LOCAL GEOLOGY.............................................................................................................................................................. 40
     6.3       PROPERTY GEOLOGY ........................................................................................................................................................ 43
     6.4       MINERAL DEPOSIT ........................................................................................................................................................... 44

7      EXPLORATION.............................................................................................................................................................. 47

     7.1       EXPLORATION WORK (OTHER THAN DRILLING) ..................................................................................................................... 47
       7.1.1       Procedures and Parameters Relating to the Surveys and Investigations ............................................................... 47
       7.1.2       Sampling Methods and Sample Quality ................................................................................................................. 48
       7.1.3       Information about the Area Covered ...................................................................................................................... 49
       7.1.4       Significant Results and Interpretation .................................................................................................................... 49
     7.2       EXPLORATION DRILLING .................................................................................................................................................... 51
       7.2.1       Drilling Type and Extent.......................................................................................................................................... 51
       7.2.2       Drilling, Sampling and Recovery Factors ................................................................................................................ 52
       7.2.3       Drilling Results and Interpretation ......................................................................................................................... 54
     7.3       HYDROGEOLOGY .............................................................................................................................................................. 55
       7.3.1       Near Surface Hydrogeology .................................................................................................................................... 55
       7.3.2       Deep Hydrogeology ................................................................................................................................................ 59
     7.4       GEOTECHNICAL DATA, TESTING, AND ANALYSIS ..................................................................................................................... 62
     7.5       EXPLORATION TARGET ...................................................................................................................................................... 64

8      SAMPLE PREPARATION, ANALYSES, AND SECURITY ..................................................................................................... 65

     8.1       SAMPLE PREPARATION METHODS AND QUALITY CONTROL MEASURES....................................................................................... 65
       8.1.1       Methods.................................................................................................................................................................. 65
       8.1.2       Sample Security ...................................................................................................................................................... 67
     8.2       SAMPLE PREPARATION, ASSAYING AND ANALYTICAL PROCEDURES ............................................................................................ 67
     8.3       QUALITY CONTROL /QUALITY ASSURANCE PROCEDURES ......................................................................................................... 68
     8.4       OPINION ON ADEQUACY ................................................................................................................................................... 71
     8.5       NON-CONVENTIONAL INDUSTRY PRACTICE ........................................................................................................................... 71

9      DATA VERIFICATION .................................................................................................................................................... 72

     9.1       DATA VERIFICATION PROCEDURES....................................................................................................................................... 72
       9.1.1       External Reviews ..................................................................................................................................................... 72
       9.1.2       Internal Reviews ..................................................................................................................................................... 72
     9.2       LIMITATIONS ................................................................................................................................................................... 72
     9.3       OPINION ON DATA ADEQUACY ........................................................................................................................................... 73

10     MINERAL PROCESSING AND METALLURGICAL TESTING ............................................................................................... 74

     10.1      TESTING AND PROCEDURES................................................................................................................................................ 74
     10.2      SAMPLE REPRESENTATIVENESS ........................................................................................................................................... 75
     10.3      LABORATORIES ................................................................................................................................................................ 77
     10.4      RELEVANT RESULTS .......................................................................................................................................................... 78
       10.4.1          Impact of ore variability on plant recovery ........................................................................................................ 80
     10.5      ADEQUACY OF DATA AND NON-CONVENTIONAL INDUSTRY PRACTICE ........................................................................................ 81
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                     Page vi


     10.6     OPINION ON INFLUENCE FOR ECONOMIC EXTRACTION ............................................................................................................ 82

11     MINERAL RESOURCES ESTIMATES ............................................................................................................................... 83

     11.1     KEY ASSUMPTIONS, PARAMETERS, AND METHODS USED......................................................................................................... 83
     11.2     GEOLOGICAL MODELLING.................................................................................................................................................. 84
     11.3     BLOCK MODELLING .......................................................................................................................................................... 84
     11.4     VALIDATION.................................................................................................................................................................... 86
     11.5     CUT-OFF GRADES ESTIMATES ............................................................................................................................................ 87
     11.6     REASONABLE PROSPECT FOR ECONOMIC EXTRACTION (RPEE) ................................................................................................. 87
     11.7     RESOURCE CLASSIFICATION AND CRITERIA ............................................................................................................................ 87
     11.8     UNCERTAINTY ................................................................................................................................................................. 89
     11.9     MINERAL RESOURCE STATEMENT........................................................................................................................................ 90
     11.10        DISCUSSION OF RELATIVE ACCURACY/CONFIDENCE ............................................................................................................ 91

12     MINERAL RESERVE ESTIMATES .................................................................................................................................... 92

     12.1     KEY ASSUMPTIONS, PARAMETERS AND METHODS USED ......................................................................................................... 92
     12.2     CUT-OFF GRADES ESTIMATES ............................................................................................................................................ 95
     12.3     RESERVES CLASSIFICATION AND CRITERIA.............................................................................................................................. 97
     12.4     MINERAL RESERVE STATEMENT .......................................................................................................................................... 98
     12.5     DISCUSSION OF RELATIVE ACCURACY/CONFIDENCE ................................................................................................................ 98

13     MINING METHODS .................................................................................................................................................... 100

     13.1     SELECTED MINING METHOD ............................................................................................................................................100
     13.2     ADDITIONAL PARAMETERS RELEVANT TO MINE DESIGNS AND PLANS .......................................................................................101
       13.2.1         Geotechnical Models ........................................................................................................................................101
       13.2.2         Hydrogeological Models...................................................................................................................................104
     13.3     PRODUCTION RATES AND MINE LIFE..................................................................................................................................105
     13.4     MINING UNIT DIMENSIONS, MINING DILUTION AND RECOVERY FACTORS ................................................................................106
     13.5     OVERBURDEN STRIPPING, UNDERGROUND DEVELOPMENT AND BACKFILLING ............................................................................108
     13.6     EQUIPMENT AND PERSONNEL ...........................................................................................................................................108
     13.7     FINAL MINE OUTLINE .....................................................................................................................................................111

14     PROCESSING AND RECOVERY METHODS ................................................................................................................... 113

     14.1     PROCESS PLANT.............................................................................................................................................................115
     14.2     PLANT THROUGHPUT AND DESIGN, EQUIPMENT CHARACTERISTICS AND SPECIFICATIONS .............................................................117
     14.3     REQUIREMENTS FOR ENERGY, WATER, PROCESS MATERIALS, AND PERSONNEL .........................................................................118
     14.4     NOVEL PROCESSING METHODS ........................................................................................................................................119

15     INFRASTRUCTURE ...................................................................................................................................................... 120

     15.1     ROADS.........................................................................................................................................................................123
     15.2     RAIL ............................................................................................................................................................................123
     15.3     PORT FACILITIES ............................................................................................................................................................124
     15.4     DAMS ..........................................................................................................................................................................125
     15.5     DUMPS AND LEACH PADS ................................................................................................................................................125
     15.6     TAILINGS DISPOSAL ........................................................................................................................................................125
     15.7     POWER, WATER AND PIPELINES .......................................................................................................................................126
     15.8     UNDERGROUND INFRASTRUCTURE ....................................................................................................................................127
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                 Page vii


       15.8.1         Mine bulk material handling (BMH) system .....................................................................................................127
       15.8.2         Underground Electrical Distribution .................................................................................................................127
       15.8.3         Mine ventilation infrastructure ........................................................................................................................128
       15.8.4         Dewatering .......................................................................................................................................................128
       15.8.5         Underground maintenance ..............................................................................................................................129
     15.9     SHAFTS AND HOISTING....................................................................................................................................................129
       15.9.1         Hoist and headframe........................................................................................................................................129
       15.9.2         Shaft liner .........................................................................................................................................................129
     15.10        INFRASTRUCTURE LAYOUT MAP ...................................................................................................................................130

16     MARKET STUDIES....................................................................................................................................................... 131

     16.1     MARKET INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................................................131
       16.1.1         Product Specifications ......................................................................................................................................131
       16.1.2         Supply Demand and Pricing .............................................................................................................................132
       16.1.3         Competitors ......................................................................................................................................................135
       16.1.4         Market Entry Strategies ...................................................................................................................................137
     16.2     CONTRACTS AND STATUS.................................................................................................................................................137

17     ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES, PERMITTING, PLANS AND AGREEMENTS ....................................................................... 139

     17.1     ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES AND IMPACT ASSESSMENTS .........................................................................................................139
     17.2     WASTE AND TAILINGS DISPOSAL ........................................................................................................................................141
       17.2.1         Waste and Tailings Disposal ............................................................................................................................142
       17.2.2         Site Monitoring.................................................................................................................................................143
       17.2.3         Water Management.........................................................................................................................................144
     17.3     PROJECT PERMITTING AND APPROVALS ..............................................................................................................................144
     17.4     SOCIAL PLANS AND AGREEMENTS .....................................................................................................................................145
     17.5     CLOSURE PLANNING .......................................................................................................................................................145
     17.6     LOCAL PROCUREMENT AND HIRING ....................................................................................................................................146
     17.7     DISCUSSION OF RELATIVE ACCURACY/CONFIDENCE ..............................................................................................................147

18     CAPITAL AND OPERATING COSTS ............................................................................................................................... 148

     18.1     OPERATING COST ..........................................................................................................................................................148
       18.1.1         Operating Cost Estimate ..................................................................................................................................148
       18.1.2         Basis and Accuracy Level for Cost Estimates ....................................................................................................149
     18.2     CAPITAL COST ...............................................................................................................................................................150
       18.2.1         Capital Cost Estimate .......................................................................................................................................150
       18.2.2         Basis and Accuracy Level for Cost Estimates ....................................................................................................152

19     ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ................................................................................................................................................ 154

     19.1     KEY ASSUMPTIONS, PARAMETERS AND METHODS USED..........................................................................................................154
       19.1.1         Mine Plan Physicals ..........................................................................................................................................154
       19.1.2         Potash Price ......................................................................................................................................................155
       19.1.3         Foreign Exchange Rate .....................................................................................................................................155
       19.1.4         Capital and Operating Costs ............................................................................................................................155
       19.1.5         Closure Costs ....................................................................................................................................................155
       19.1.6         Royalties and Taxes ..........................................................................................................................................155
       19.1.7         Valuation Assumptions ....................................................................................................................................156
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                 Page viii


     19.2     RESULTS.......................................................................................................................................................................156
     19.3     SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS .....................................................................................................................................................157

20     ADJACENT PROPERTIES.............................................................................................................................................. 159

21     OTHER RELEVANT DATA AND INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 161

22     INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSIONS ....................................................................................................................... 162

     22.1     MINERAL RESOURCES .....................................................................................................................................................162
     22.2     MINERAL RESERVES .......................................................................................................................................................162

23     RECOMMENDATIONS ................................................................................................................................................ 163

24     REFERENCES .............................................................................................................................................................. 164

25     RELIANCE ON INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE REGISTRANT .................................................................................. 165
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                               Page ix



List of Tables
TABLE 1-1: JANSEN - SUMMARY OF POTASH (EXCLUSIVE) MINERAL RESOURCES (AS AT 30TH JUNE 2022) ......................................................... 19
TABLE 1-2: JANSEN - SUMMARY OF POTASH MINERAL RESERVES (AS AT 30TH JUNE 2022) ............................................................................. 20
TABLE 2-1: LIST OF QUALIFIED PERSONS ............................................................................................................................................... 26
TABLE 2-2: QUALIFIED PERSONS SITE VISITS .......................................................................................................................................... 27
TABLE 3-1: JANSEN SERVICE SHAFT COORDINATES .................................................................................................................................. 28
TABLE 3-2: JANSEN MAIN LEASE AREAS AND ASSOCIATED PAYMENTS ......................................................................................................... 30
TABLE 3-3: SUMMARY OF JANSEN LAND POSITION................................................................................................................................... 33
TABLE 5-1: SUMMARY OF EXPLORATION DRILLING BY PREVIOUS OWNERS ..................................................................................................... 37
TABLE 7-1: SEISMIC SURVEY SAMPLING ................................................................................................................................................. 48
TABLE 7-2: SUMMARY OF BHP CANADA DRILLING INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 52
TABLE 7-3: SUMMARY OF HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES FOR THE NEAR SURFACE HYDROSTRATIGRAPHIC UNITS ......................................... 57
TABLE 7-4: SUMMARY OF HYDRAULIC PARAMETERS AND VALUES MEASURED IN FIELD FOR THE BRINE DISPOSAL HORIZON .................................. 62
TABLE 7-5: CSR TEST RESULTS............................................................................................................................................................. 63
TABLE 7-6: BRZ TEST RESULTS............................................................................................................................................................. 63
TABLE 11-1: COMPARISON OF DRILL HOLE, DECLUSTERED (AREA WEIGHTED DRILL HOLE), AND RESOURCE MODEL K2O VALUES FROM PLY#1. ........... 87
TABLE 11-2: JANSEN - SUMMARY OF POTASH (EXCLUSIVE) MINERAL RESOURCES (AS AT 30TH JUNE 2022) ....................................................... 91
TABLE 12-1: MINE DESIGN MODIFYING FACTORS ................................................................................................................................... 93
TABLE 12-2: ROOF BEAM THICKNESS THRESHOLDS .................................................................................................................................. 94
TABLE 12-3: ASSUMPTIONS / ESTIMATES FOR CUT-OFF GRADE ................................................................................................................. 96
TABLE 12-4: LIST OF CUT-OFFS CURRENTLY IN USE ................................................................................................................................. 96
TABLE 12-5: JANSEN PROJECT KEY VALUE DRIVERS ................................................................................................................................. 96
TABLE 12-6: RANGE CASES - GRADE SUMMARY ...................................................................................................................................... 97
TABLE 12-7: JANSEN - SUMMARY OF POTASH MINERAL RESERVES (AS AT 30TH JUNE 2022) ........................................................................... 98
TABLE 13-1: ESTIMATED RUN OF MINE PRODUCTION (BY FINANCIAL YEAR 1 JULY – 30 JUNE) (BASED ON FY22 LOA).......................................105
TABLE 13-13-2: JANSEN LIFE OF MINE MOBILE EQUIPMENT LIST ..............................................................................................................110
TABLE 13-3: JANSEN FULL TIME EQUIVALENT PERSONNEL AT STEADY STATE ...............................................................................................111
TABLE 16-1: AWARDED PACKAGES ....................................................................................................................................................138
TABLE 16-2: PENDING PACKAGES ......................................................................................................................................................138
TABLE 17-1: JANSEN PROJECT VALUED ECOSYSTEM COMPONENTS AND MITIGATION MEASURES ..................................................................141
TABLE 18-1: MAJOR COMPONENTS OF OPERATING COSTS FOR JANSEN ....................................................................................................149
TABLE 18-2: JANSEN STAGE 1 CAPEX BY AREA, REAL CA$M ..................................................................................................................152
TABLE 19-1: CASH FLOW SUMMARY ..................................................................................................................................................157
TABLE 19-2: RESULTS OF SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS.....................................................................................................................................157
TABLE 25-1: RELIANCE ON INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE REGISTRANT..................................................................................................165
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                      Page x



List of Figures
FIGURE 1-1: LOCATION OF THE JANSEN POTASH PROJECT ......................................................................................................................... 16
FIGURE 3-1: LOCATION MAP OF JANSEN ............................................................................................................................................... 29
FIGURE 3-2: LEASE AREAS OF JANSEN ................................................................................................................................................... 32
FIGURE 6-1: REGIONAL GEOLOGY MAP – WESTERN CANADIAN SEDIMENTARY BASIN (GEOLOGICAL MAP OF CANADA – GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF
       CANADA. ................................................................................................................................................................................ 40
FIGURE 6-2: MAP OF POTASH DISTRIBUTION WITHIN THE WILLISTON BASIN (MODIFIED FROM FUZESY (1982)) .................................................. 41
FIGURE 6-3: SCHEMATIC GEOLOGICAL SECTION SHOWING THE POTASH MEMBERS OF THE PE FORMATION. THE LOCATION OF THE SECTION IS SHOWN
       ON FIGURE 6-2: ....................................................................................................................................................................... 42
FIGURE 6-4: STRATIGRAPHIC COLUMN FOR THE JANSEN AREA (AFTER STRATIGRAPHIC CORRELATION CHART ECONOMY.GOV.SK.CA, 2016).............. 43
FIGURE 6-5: DETAILED STRATIGRAPHY OF THE PATIENCE LAKE MEMBER. ..................................................................................................... 45
FIGURE 6-6: THREE MAIN TYPES OF ANOMALIES (MACKINTOSH AND MC VITTIE (1983)). .............................................................................. 46
FIGURE 7-1: EXPLORATION COVERAGE .................................................................................................................................................. 49
FIGURE 7-2: STRUCTURAL FEATURES AND TOP OF PRAIRIE EVAPORITE ELEVATION IMAGED BY 3D SEISMIC .......................................................... 50
FIGURE 7-3: OIL RIG USED IN BHP CANADA POTASH EXPLORATION DRILLING ................................................................................................ 51
FIGURE 7-4: THE FOUR SECTIONS OF THE EXPLORATION DRILLING PROGRAM AND ABANDONMENT PROCEDURES. ................................................. 53
FIGURE 7-5: NORTH-SOUTH CROSS SECTION SHOWING MAIN POTASH UNITS AND GEOLOGICAL UNITS IMMEDIATELY ABOVE, (DB CARBONATES -
       DAWSON BAY CARBONATES, RB2 - SECOND RED BEDS, UPL - UPPER PATIENCE LAKE SUB-MEMBER, LPL - LOWER PATIENCE LAKE SUB-
       MEMBER, BP - BELLE PLAINE MEMBER). THE VERTICAL AXIS IS IN ELEVATION (M). BOTH HISTORICAL AND BHP CANADA DRILL HOLES ARE
       INCLUDED................................................................................................................................................................................ 55
FIGURE 7-6: SCHEMATIC NEAR SURFACE HYDROSTRATIGRAPHY IN THE JANSEN PROJECT AREA ........................................................................ 56
FIGURE 7-7: LOCATION MAP OF BOREHOLES AND MONITORING WELLS...................................................................................................... 58
FIGURE 7-8: SCHEMATIC DEEP HYDROSTRATIGRAPHY IN THE JANSEN PROJECT AREA (MODIFIED BASED ON FIGURE 6-4) ...................................... 60
FIGURE 8-1: CORE LOGGING AND SAMPLING WORKFLOW ......................................................................................................................... 66
FIGURE 10-1: GEOGRAPHICAL REGIONS FOR METALLURGICAL TESTING. ....................................................................................................... 76
FIGURE 10-2: PERCENTAGE RECOVERY VS. ORE GRADE % KCL. .................................................................................................................. 80
FIGURE 10-3: PERCENTAGE RECOVERY VS. INSOLUBLES. ........................................................................................................................... 81
FIGURE 10-4: PERCENTAGE RECOVERY VS. FINES AND COARSE CONTENT IN ORE. ........................................................................................... 81
FIGURE 11-1: SCHEMATICS OF THE BLOCK MODEL SET UP FOR RESOURCE MODELLING. THE MODEL IS REFERENCED FROM THE 406 SEAM, APPROXIMATE
       LOCATION OF THE 402 AND 401 SEAMS ARE ALSO SHOWN FOR REFERENCE.......................................................................................... 85
FIGURE 11-2: PLAN OF THE JANSEN LPL CLASSIFIED MINERAL RESOURCE. NOTE THAT ONLY MEASURED RESOURCE HAS BEEN CONVERTED TO MINERAL
       RESERVES. WHITE AREAS ARE NOT PART OF THE RESOURCE. .............................................................................................................. 89
FIGURE 12-1: NAMING CONVENTION AND TYPICAL ARRANGEMENT OF PILLARS ............................................................................................. 93
FIGURE 13-1: GENERAL ARRANGEMENT OF DEVELOPMENT ACCESS AND PRODUCTION PANELS .......................................................................100
FIGURE 13-2: SCHEMATIC OF LOCAL GEOLOGY, AQUIFER LOCATIONS IN RELATION TO POTASH STRATA ...........................................................102
FIGURE 13-3: CHANGE IN PANEL EXTRACTION WITH INCREASING DEPTH ....................................................................................................103
FIGURE 13-4: JANSEN ESTIMATED PRODUCTION PROFILE .......................................................................................................................105
FIGURE 13-5: ACTIVE MINING AREA PROGRESSION ................................................................................................................................106
FIGURE 13-6: HISTOGRAM OF MINING ROOM DESIGN HEIGHTS ................................................................................................................107
FIGURE 13-7: HISTOGRAM OF PLANNED LINEAR METRES TO BE EXCAVATED BY TOP DILUTION THICKNESS INTERVAL ............................................108
FIGURE 13-8: JANSEN MINE DESIGN. ..................................................................................................................................................112
FIGURE 14-1: JANSEN PROCESSING FLOW SHEET ...................................................................................................................................115
FIGURE 15-1: SCHEMATIC OF JANSEN OPERATIONS WHEN IN PRODUCTION ................................................................................................122
FIGURE 15-2: BASIC VALUE CHAIN.....................................................................................................................................................123
FIGURE 15-3: OFF–SITE RAIL CONNECTIONS .........................................................................................................................................124
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                       Page xi


FIGURE 15-4: SIMPLIFIED FLOW DIAGRAM OF UNDERGROUND CONVEYOR SYSTEMS .....................................................................................127
FIGURE 15-5: INFRASTRUCTURE LAYOUT MAP .....................................................................................................................................130
FIGURE 16-1: HISTORICAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN CROP PRODUCTION, POPULATION AND POTASH DEMAND ...................................................132
FIGURE 16-2: MOP SUPPLY BY REGIONS (MT) .....................................................................................................................................133
FIGURE 16-3: MOP PRICING (US$/T ANNUAL AVERAGE) .......................................................................................................................134
FIGURE 19-1: JANSEN PLANNED ANNUAL PRODUCTION OF FINISHED PRODUCT ............................................................................................154
FIGURE 19-2: CASH FLOW SUMMARY .................................................................................................................................................156
FIGURE 20-1: JANSEN LEASE AND NEIGHBOURING POTASH DISPOSITIONS AND PROPERTIES. ...........................................................................160
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                 Page xii



List of Abbreviations
The metric system has been used throughout this report. Tonnes are metric of 1,000 kg, or 2,204.6 lb. All
currency is in U.S. dollars (US$) unless otherwise stated.
 Abbreviation                    Unit or Term
 A                               ampere
 AAS                             atomic absorption spectroscopy
 AES                             atomic emission spectroscopy
 AVDI                            Annual visual dyke inspection
 A/m2                            amperes per square metre
 BMH                             Bulk material handling
 BP                              Belle Plaine
 BRZ                             Brazilian Indirect Tensile Strength
 °C                              degrees Centigrade
 CFR                             Cost and Freight
 Cm                              centimetre
 cm2                             square centimetre
 cm3                             cubic centimetre
 CMC                             constant mean stress
 CMR                             Combined Magnetic Resonance
 CSR                             constant strain rate
 CY                              calendar year
 °                               degree (degrees)
 DPM                             Diesel Particulate Matter
 DVS                             Production Shaft
 EBS                             Extendable Belt System
 EDF                             Environmental Design Flood
 EIA                             Environmental Impact Assessment
 EIS                             Environmental Impact Statement
 EMP                             Environmental Management Plan
 FMT                             Formation Multi-tester
 FOB                             Free on Board
 FOS                             Factor of Safety
 FTE                             full-time equivalent
 Ft                              foot (feet)
 FY                              financial year
 G                               gram
 Gal                             gallon
 GISTM                           Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management
 g/L                             gram per litre
 Gpm                             gallons per minute
 GPR                             ground penetrating radar
 GJ/year                         gigajoules per year
 Gpa                             gigapascals
 Ha                              hectares
 HDPE                            High Density Polyethylene
 Hp                              horsepower
 HRIA                            Heritage Resource Impact Assessment
 Hrs                             hours
 IA                              Indigenous Agreement
 ICP                             inductively coupled plasma
 IDF                             Inflow Design Flood
 IOC                             Integrated Operations Centre
 JEMP                            Jansen Environment Management Plan
 KCl                             Potassium Chloride
 Kg                              kilograms
 Km                              kilometre
 km2                             square kilometre
 kPa                             kilopascal
 kV                              kilovolt
 kWh                             kilowatt-hour
 kWh/t                           kilowatt-hour per metric tonne
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                               Page xiii


 Abbreviation                    Unit or Term
 L                               litre
 L/sec                           litres per second
 L/sec/m                         litres per second per meter
 L/y                             litres per year
 Lb                              pound
 LFA                             Live Fluid Analyser
 LHD                             Long-Haul Dump truck
 LLDDP                           Linear Low Density Polyethylene Plastic
 LoM                             Life-of-Mine
 LPL                             Lower Patience Lake
 LRMC                            long run marginal cost
 M                               metre
 m/s                             metres per second
 m2                              square metre
 m3                              cubic metre
 m3/y                            cubic metres per year
 m3/t                            cubic metres per tonne
 masl                            metres above sea level
 mD                              milliDarcy
 Ms                              millisecond
 MCM                             Thousands of Circular Mills (thickness)
 MDT                             Modular Formation Dynamic Tester
 mg/L                            milligrams/litre
 Mm                              millimetre
 MOE                             Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment
 MOP                             Muriate of Potash
 MPa                             megapascals
 Mt                              million tonnes
 Mtpa                            million tonnes per year
 MW                              million watts
 MWh/year                        million watt hours per year
 m.y.                            million years
 m/s                             metres per second
 NI 43-101                       Canadian National Instrument 43-101
 NMR                             Nuclear Magnetic Resonance
 NPI                             Non – Process Infrastructure
 OWL                             Outer Welded Liner
 %                               per cent
 PCS                             Process Control System
 PE                              Prairie Evaporite
 Psi                             pounds per square inch
 PVE                             production volume estimate
 QA/QC                           Quality Assurance/Quality Control
 RC                              rotary circulation drilling
 RoM                             Run-of-Mine
 RWW                             Raw Water Well
 SB                              Shadow band
 SS                              Service Shaft
 Sec                             second
 SER                             Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and Resources
 SG                              specific gravity
 SME                             subject matter expert
 SRC                             Saskatchewan Research Council
 SRMC                            short run marginal cost
 SSEWS                           Saskatoon Southeast Water Supply
 STP                             sewage treatment plant
 T                               tonne (metric ton) (2,204.6 pounds)
 TCC                             Tri-axial compression creep
 TMA                             tailing management area
 Tph                             tonnes per hour
 TSF                             Tailings Storage Facilities
 UPL                             Upper Patience Lake
 US SEC                          US Securities and Exchange Commission
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                    Page xiv


 Abbreviation                    Unit or Term
 UTM                             Universal Transverse Mercator
 V                               volts
 VIT                             Vertical Interface Test
 VFD                             variable frequency drive
 W                               watt
 WCSB                            Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin
 WRA                             whole rock analysis
 Y                               year
..
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                       Page 15




1       Executive Summary
          This report was prepared as a Prefeasibility Study-level Technical Report Summary in
          accordance with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-K (Title 17,
          Part 229, Items 601(b)(96) and S-K 1300) for BHP Group Limited on the Jansen Potash Project
          (Jansen) development stage property. BHP Group Limited has a 100 per cent ownership of
          Jansen.
          On the 17 August 2021, BHP Group Limited approved US$5.7 billion (CA$7.5 billion) in capital
          expenditure for the Jansen potash project. This document describes the first phase of operations
          at Jansen, known as Jansen Stage 1, noting all future staged production expansion as beyond
          the scope of the document.
          The scope of Jansen Stage 1 is currently comprised of:

               •   fully lined service shaft with permanent hoists capable of 1,750 tph, equipped with steel
                   guides and loading/unloading to accommodate two 50-tonne skips and a 90-person
                   service cage;

               •   A fully lined production shaft, known as Dalla Valle (DV) shaft. The existing sinking
                   arrangement will undergo a hoist and headframe changeover to accommodate the interim
                   hoisting requirements for the lateral connection of the two shafts and subsequent shaft
                   pillar development. The DV shaft will also serve as secondary personnel and materials
                   movement as well as second egress and return air ventilation circuit. This shaft will be
                   fully equipped in subsequent stages;

               •   A shaft pillar area with skip loading facilities, conveyor networks, raw ore storage bin,
                   remote ore storage area, refuge stations, workshops, materials management areas,
                   offices, principal refuge chambers, mobile equipment battery charging stations, and
                   parking areas;

               •   Establishment of two mining districts that each contain two production panels and
                   supporting development units, and are connected to the shaft infrastructure through
                   conveyor networks;

               •   Production and development mining equipment, including MF460 borers, extendable belt
                   systems, continuous miners, batch haulage equipment, and supporting fleet of
                   underground personnel and service vehicles;

               •   A 1,483 tph ore processing plant including:
                       o    Raw ore handling, storage, and crushing;
                       o    Process mill building wet area comprising attrition scrubbing, desliming, flotation,
                            and debrining;
                       o    Process mill building dry area comprising drying, screening, compaction, and
                            glazing;
                       o    Tailings processing, crystallizer, and reagents;
                       o    Product handling, storage, screening, and loadout;
..
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                    Page 16



               •   Non-process infrastructure, including a tailings management area, administration building,
                   warehousing, workshops, utilities, on-site rail, and financial support for port facility
                   conversion to ship product to overseas markets.

1.1     Property Description and Ownership




        Figure 1-1: Location of the Jansen Potash Project
          The Jansen Potash Project is located in the Province of Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately
          150 kilometres east of the city of Saskatoon (Figure 1-1). The site is accessed by road from
          provincial Highway 16, approximately 12 kilometres to the south, and Highway 5, approximately
          32 kilometres to the north. There is a commercial international airport located in Saskatoon.
          The Jansen site is in a rural setting in Saskatchewan, Canada, with small farming communities
          located nearby. The closest city is Humboldt with a population of about 6,000, and is located
          approximately 60 kilometres away. The Jansen site is currently under active construction.
..
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                       Page 17


          The Jansen project is located exclusively within the Subsurface Mineral Lease KLSA 011 (‘KLSA
          011’), which is wholly owned and operated by BHP Canada Inc. (BHP Canada). The KLSA 011
          agreement gives BHP Canada the exclusive right to search for, dig, work, mine, extract, recover,
          process and carry away subsurface minerals under or within all of the Saskatchewan Crown
          mineral parcels. The term of the lease is twenty-one years, commencing on 23 November 2012,
          and is renewable at the option of BHP Canada for successive terms of twenty-one years each.
          Most mineral parcels inside the boundaries of KLSA 011 are owned by the Saskatchewan Crown
          (~1,033 square kilometres). The remaining mineral parcels (~123 square kilometres) are owned
          by individuals and/or corporations.

1.2     Geology and Mineralisation
          Potash is the common name given to a group of minerals and chemicals that contain potassium
          (K) which is a basic nutrient for plants and an important ingredient in fertilizer. Potash is produced
          as potassium chloride (KCl) in Saskatchewan from sylvinite rock that is a mixture of Sylvite (KCl)
          and Halite (NaCl) minerals. The KCl content is measured and refer to it in terms of potassium
          oxide (%K2O) equivalence. %K2O grade is equivalent to KCl content using the mineralogical
          conversion factor of 1.583. Jansen potash deposit is composed of combinations of halite (NaCl),
          sylvite (KCl) with variable mounts of disseminated insolubles and clay seams.
          The Jansen potash deposit is located within the Williston Basin, a large, intracratonic, horizontally
          bedded sedimentary basin. The geology of the basin and its geological formations are well known
          from extensive exploratory drilling for hydrocarbons and minerals and from geophysical data
          collected since 1952. This basin wide geological information is publicly available from the
          Saskatchewan Geological Survey in the form of maps, cross-sections, drill hole-based formation
          contact identification, core from historical drill holes, and other publications. Potash exploration
          drill hole information in Saskatchewan becomes publicly available five years after drilling under
          current Saskatchewan regulations.
          The potash beds are hosted within the Prairie Evaporite (PE) formation, in regionally extensive,
          horizontal layers during the repeated, cyclical evaporation of a shallow, inland sea during the
          Devonian period.
          In Jansen, the potash is at a depth of approximately 800 metres to approximately 1,050 metres.
          Two Potash members are present in Jansen those being the Patience Lake and Belle Plaine
          members. The Patience Lake member is further subdivided into Upper Patience Lake (UPL) and
          Lower Patience Lake (LPL) sub-members. The LPL sub-member is the potash horizon targeted
          for Jansen. The LPL sub-member is composed of sylvite (KCl), halite (NaCl) with variable
          amounts of disseminated insolubles and clay seams. Carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O), a mineral
          which can impact processing and ground stability, occasionally occurs in place of sylvite within
          the potash layer. Carnallite can typically be mapped using 3D seismic survey information.
          The potash deposit extends from east to west in the province and, based on information available
          to date, shows relative uniformity, except where there are anomalies due to local dissolutions of
          the potash beds or clay seams. The main types of anomalies are called washout, leach and
          collapse anomalies.
..
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                     Page 18



1.3     Status of Exploration, Development and Operations
          The Jansen Project is a Greenfield underground potash mine currently in construction.
          Drilling and seismic surveys (2D and 3D) are the primary methods for potash exploration. The
          area was explored by various companies starting in the 1950s. Modern exploration started in
          2006 and was completed in 2012, with a drilling program and acquisition of 3D seismic surveys
          over 70 per cent of the Jansen lease completed.
          The US$4.5 billion (pre-tax) of capital invested in the Jansen Project by BHP to date includes
          funds allocated for construction of the shafts and associated infrastructure, as well as engineering
          and procurement activities, and preparation works related to underground infrastructure. The
          construction of two shafts and associated shaft infrastructure at the site is expected to be
          completed in the 2022 calendar year. Approximately 50 per cent of all engineering expected to
          be required to commence production has been completed.
          A substantial portion of the site grading, drainage and road network that is expected to be required
          to commence mining/production is in place.
          The site is connected to off-site infrastructure, including natural gas, temporary electrical power,
          communication fiber and non-potable water.
          Additionally, there have been several facilities for both permanent operations and temporary
          construction purposes that have been installed to date as part of Jansen Stage 1 including:

               •   The Discovery Lodge camp (2,600 beds) for housing the construction work force

               •   A modern water treatment plant and raw water well for provision of potable water

               •   A sanitary sewage treatment plant

               •   Service and Production headframes

               •   Permanent cold storage warehouse & laydown areas for material storage/staging

               •   Guard houses and site fencing

               •   Storm water ponds and effluent storage facilities

               •   Environmental monitoring equipment for ground water, air quality, noise and vibration
                   levels
          Additional operational work is expected to be necessary beyond 2022 in line with the current six
          year construction schedule of Jansen Stage 1 that began in 2021 after its approval by the BHP
          Board of Directors (Board). Further stages of development of Jansen (beyond Jansen Stage 1)
          have not yet been approved by the Board.

1.4     Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves Estimates
        1.4.1      Mineral Resources
          The Jansen Project is located in the Saskatchewan Potash Basin, one of the world’s top three
          producing potash basins, with seven producing conventional mines and three producing solution
          mines. Based on the information available to date, the resource characteristics of Jansen are
..
SEC S-K 229.1300 Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                Page 19


                    comparable to the other potash mines in the area: the resources include an extensive area of
                    shallowly dipping, consistent, large tonnage, high grade, potash at a depth between
                    approximately 800 metres and approximately 1,050 metres.
                    The Lower Patience Lake potash sub-member from the top of the 406 clay seam to 3.96 metres
                    below the top of the 406 clay seam is defined as the resource. The resource model generated
                    from the drilling data and spatially dense 3D seismic data provides detailed information on the
                    geological domains and on the qualities of the resource. Only Measured Resources have been
                    converted to Probable Reserves.
                    Due to the extensive data coverage of over 70 per cent of the Jansen lease, no further exploration
                    from surface is planned to validate the reported Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves.
                    The Mineral Resources are reported exclusive of the Mineral Reserves. Summary Mineral
                    Resources estimates for Jansen at the end of the Fiscal Year Ended 30 June 2022 are provided
                    in Table 1-1.


                   Table 1-1: Jansen - Summary of Potash (Exclusive) Mineral Resources (as at 30th June 2022)



                                                                                                          Measured + Indicated
                             Measured Resources                    Indicated Resources                        Resources                       Inferred Resources

                            Tonnage          Qualities           Tonnage          Qualities           Tonnage          Qualities           Tonnage          Qualities



                                      %K2O      %Insol.   %MgO             %K2O      %Insol.   %MgO             %K2O      %Insol.   %MgO             %K2O      %Insol.   %MgO
                               Mt                                    Mt                                   Mt                                  Mt                                    BHP
 Potash            Mining                                                                                                                                                       Interest
 (1)(2)
                   Method                                                                                                                                                             %

 Canada
 Jansen
 (3)(4)(5)(6)(7)
 (8)(9)(10)(11)


 LPL               UG           –       –           –       –         –      –           –       –         –      –             –      –    1,280    25.6      7.7       0.08       100
 Total
 potash                         –       –           –       –         –      –           –       –         –      –             –      –    1,280    25.6      7.7       0.08
(1) Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP's economic
interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
(2) Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
(3) Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
(4) The point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
(5) Mineral resources estimate was based on a potash price of US$338/t.
(6) Mineral resources are stated for the Lower Patient Lake (LPL) potash unit and using a seam thickness of 3.96 m from the top of 406 clay
seam.
(7) Mineral resources are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 92%.
(8) Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K 2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a
mineralogical conversion factor of 1.583, for example, 25.6% K2O grade is equivalent to 40.5% KCl.
(9) % MgO is used as a measure of carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O) content where per cent carnallite equivalent = % MgO x 6.8918
(10) Mineral resources tonnages are reported on an in-situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
(11) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                    Page 20




               1.4.2 Mineral Reserves
                Table 1-2: Jansen - Summary of Potash Mineral Reserves (as at 30th June 2022)

                                    Proven Reserves               Probable Reserves                      Total Reserves
                                  Tonnage    Qualities        Tonnage            Qualities          Tonnage           Qualities
                                            %Insol                               %Insol                                %Insol
                                                      %MgO                %K2O               %MgO              %K2O               %MgO
                                                 .                                                                                          BHP
                                      Mt                           Mt                                   Mt
                         Mining              %K2O                                     .                                     .            Interest
 Potash (1)(2)           Method                                                                                                                %
 Canada
 Jansen
 (3)(4)(5)(6)(7)(8)(9)
 (10)

  LPL              UG                 –     –     –     –           1,070 24.9 7.5 0.10                1,070     24.9    7.5 0.10            100
  Total
  potash                              –     –     –     –           1,070 24.9 7.5 0.10                1,070     24.9    7.5 0.10
(1) Mineral reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP's economic
interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals
(2) Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
(3) The point of reference for the mineral reserves was ore as delivered to the mill for processing.
(4) Mineral reserves estimates were based on a potash price of US$338/t.
(5) Mineral reserves estimates cut-off is a function of mining parameters and seam thickness. The calculated cut-off grade from economic
modelling where the mine plan would be break-even is 11.6% K2O.
(6) Mineral reserves are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 92%.
(7) Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K 2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a
mineralogical conversion factor of 1.583, for example, 25.6% K2O grade is equivalent to 40.5% KCl.
(8) % MgO is used as a measure of carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O) content where per cent carnallite equivalent = % MgO x 6.8918.
(9) Mineral reserves tonnages are reported on an in-situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
(10) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.




1.5              Mining Method
                   The Jansen Mine is expected to be an underground potash mine extracting the Lower Patience
                   Lake sub-member within the Prairie Evaporite formation. The orebody gently undulates over large
                   distances, has well defined boundary conditions, and has a reasonably consistent ore grade.
                   Mining will take place on a single level in two separate districts.
                   The planned mining method is long room and pillar. Production mining rooms are expected to be
                   excavated in two passes to a final width of 12 metres using track-mounted borer miners and
                   extendable conveying systems. Mined ore is expected to be transported to the shaft area for
                   hoisting using a roof or floor mounted conveyor network.
                   Pillars contribute to the mining room stability for safe working conditions and are derived from
                   empirical and numerical models using expected geological conditions, depth, extraction ratio,
                   extraction rates, and expected useful life of the entries. The mine has been designed with
                   consideration of the expected geotechnical and hydrogeological conditions to manage the mining
                   induced subsidence. Maintaining the integrity of the overlying shale, limestone and halite units
                   act as a protective barrier from risk of brine inflow to the mine. The high density 3D seismic survey
                   identifies the geological conditions that present an increased risk for fluid movement.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 21



1.6     Processing and Recovery Methods
          Unit operations that are expected to make up the Jansen processing facilities are common to
          conventional potash mines in Saskatchewan, and will include:

              •    Raw ore handling, storage, and crushing

              •    Process mill building wet area comprising attrition scrubbing, desliming, flotation, and
                   debrining

              •    Process mill building dry area comprising drying, screening, compaction, and glazing

              •    Tailings processing, crystallizer, and reagents

              •    Product handling, storage, screening, and loadout
          The Jansen Stage 1 process plant is designed to be a fit-for-purpose high-recovery facility,
          capable of processing 1,483 tonnes per hour wet basis (or 1,479 tph dry basis) of raw ore to
          produce red fertilizer grade potash (muriate of potash) sized for both standard and granular
          product types.

1.7     Infrastructure
          Discovery Lodge, the Jansen construction camp, has been constructed, is currently in use and
          has a capacity of 2,600 people. Communications, power, water, and natural gas are provided by
          provincial crown corporations. The pipeline connection to the Saskatoon South East Water Supply
          system for Jansen’s primary water use is complete. The natural gas supply pipeline has been
          installed and is in use at the on-site accommodation, sewage treatment plant, and concrete batch
          plant. Currently temporary construction power is provided by SaskPower with a 138 kV overhead
          line, with the permanent 230kV supply to be completed with mine construction.
          Upgrades to the secondary roads to the Jansen mine site from the paved provincial highway
          network have been completed.
          The Jansen project has two mine shafts, the service shaft (SS) and the production shaft (DVS).
          Both shafts have an internal diameter of 7.3 metres and are excavated to a depth of approximately
          1,000 metres. Both shafts are lined with an integral hydrostatic concrete/steel composite design
          with waterproofing is provided by an integral outer welded liner from a depth of 835 metres.
          The service shaft hoist system will use ground mounted Koepe hoists (friction hoists). The service
          shaft headframe is a typical A-Frame steel construction. The Service shaft permanent headframe,
          hoist houses, and collar house are constructed. The production shaft sinking headframe and
          ground mounted drum winders are installed and in use.
          A third party rail provider will transport the potash produced from the Jansen site to the port
          terminal, located in Delta, British Columbia, Canada, which is owned and operated by a third party
          provider. The port facility will unload the railcars, store the product, and load shipping vessels.

1.8     Market Studies
          Potassium content is commonly measured in units of potassium oxide (K2O), (a notional
          substance), rather than units of K. MOP used in agricultural application is typically ~95 % KCl,
          which is equivalent to ~60 % K2O; this is in general the threshold required to qualify product in
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 22


          most major agricultural markets. Jansen plans to sell two agricultural potash grades, red standard
          (~60 % K2O equivalent, ~0.5 to 1 millimetres in size) and red granular (~60 % K2O equivalent, ~3-
          4 millimetres in size) potash, to retain simplicity while seeking sufficient market access.
          Global demand for potash fertilizers is driven by the need for higher crop production to feed a
          growing and more affluent, global population. It is also driven by the need to reduce reliance on
          native soil potassium, which in many places may be unable to support the necessary increase in
          crop yields. Historically, the relationship between population growth, crop production and potash
          demand has been reliable and therefore considered to provide a reasonable basis for projecting
          future fertiliser needs.
          According to independent market analyst CRU, it estimates that about three-quarters of MOP
          production comes from underground ores – mainly located in Canada, Russia and Belarus. It is
          simple and established technology, low-cost and energy efficient. Much of the remainder is
          extracted from natural brines in China and the Dead Sea. Ore is most commonly processed
          through flotation that yields a product that is pink or red and usually about 95 per cent pure.
          Jansen is designed to employ conventional underground mining and flotation.
          Most potash operations produce between 1 and 4 Mtpa. Most of the potash mines in Canada date
          back to a period of rapid development in the 1960s and 1970s, while much of the capacity in
          Russia and Belarus was built in the Soviet era. The potash industry structure is presently
          characterized by a small number of large suppliers. In terms of supply concentration, four
          producers (Nutrien, Mosaic, Uralkali and Belaruskali) are estimated to have accounted for ~65
          per cent of global production in 2020.
          It is expected that BHP will market directly to customers via a network of regional offices,
          leveraging BHP’s existing global footprint and capabilities.
          BHP is expected to focus on upstream Cost and Freight (CFR) sales and may benefit from being
          able to direct-rail to North American customers. Jansen is expected to have logistics optionality
          and flexible granular processing capacity that may enable a shift of sales between export regions
          and North America, depending on the market.

1.9     Capital and Operating Cost Estimates
          The Capital Cost Estimate (Capex) and Operating Cost Estimate (OPEX) were developed by BHP
          Canada, its consultants and engineering service providers using processes to quantify, cost, and
          price the resource estimates that is included within the Jansen Stage 1 scope.
          The Jansen Stage 1 scope includes a lined service and production shaft with the service shaft
          capable of hoisting 1,750 tph, mining equipment, underground development, and infrastructure
          necessary to support operations. A 1,483 tph processing plant and non-processing infrastructure,
          including a tailings management area. The total installed costs for Jansen Stage 1 is estimated
          to be Real CA$5,513M inclusive of up to but not exceeding 15 per cent contingency, and an
          accuracy range of +/-25 per cent.
          The OPEX for the Jansen project Stage 1 was developed to capture costs defined as Mine gate.
          This includes all costs spanning from the mining face underground to the loading of product to
          rail at site.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 23


          The Operating Cost Estimate includes all personnel and activities within the battery limits of the
          scope, and includes operational and statutory management, administration, and support
          personnel associated with the operation.
          The average operating cost over the life of Jansen Stage 1 is estimated to be US$61/tonne KCI.
          Cash operating cost includes a mixture of fixed and variable costs and are aligned with an
          assumed Mine gate sales point therefore exclude Port and off-site Rail cost.

1.10 Economic Analysis
          The analysis that supports the Jansen Mineral Resource economic viability testing is an excel
          model based on annual cash flow projections. Annual cash flows projections include sales
          revenue (sales point FOB Mine), operating and closure costs, capital expenditures, royalties,
          income and production taxes.
          The Jansen annual cash flow projections, utilizing the assumptions detailed within this report,
          result in a discounted after-tax cash flow of US$5.5B, utilizing a 6.5 percent discount rate, and a
          IRR of 15.2 per cent. The Jansen project remains economically viable under a range of scenarios
          including deviations in price, production, foreign exchange rates, capital expenditures and
          operating costs.

1.11 Permitting Requirements
          The Jansen Project Environmental Impact Statement (EIS), which BHP Canada submitted to the
          Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment in 2010, received Ministerial Approval on 29 June 2011.
          Since the EIS approval, further engineering and project optimization was completed that resulted
          in changes to the mine plan, site layout, and schedule. To maintain Ministerial Approval, two
          submissions were made in November 2017 to the MOE Environment Assessment and
          Stewardship Branch under Section 16 of The Environmental Assessment Act. Approval was
          received for both submissions on 19 April 2018.
          Following the Approval of the EIS, Jansen required federal, provincial and municipal permits and
          approval for construction and operation. Jansen maintains an electronic permit register that lists
          all permits for the Project. BHP Canada has received all permits that have been applied for to-
          date and expects to be able to obtain the required construction and operation permits for Jansen.
          BHP Canada currently has a terminal services and development agreement in place with
          Westshore for this development and shipping services. All required permits for the facility
          development have not been issued.

1.12 Qualified person's conclusions and recommendations
          It is the opinion of the Qualified Person, based on the available data, the known limitations of the
          data, interpretations, and methodologies, the Jansen Mineral Resource estimate is considered fit
          for purpose in supporting and forming the basis of the Mineral Reserves estimate.
          No recommendations for further exploration have been identified during project execution and
          later in operations, geological mapping, interpretation and sampling programs implemented as
          part of the reconciliation process are expected to be sufficient to address the identified Mineral
          Resource uncertainties.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 24


          Uncertainties that affect the reliability or confidence in the Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve
          estimate include but are not limited to:

              •    Future macro-economic environment, including product prices and foreign exchange rate

              •    Changes to operating cost assumptions, including labour costs

              •    Ability to continue sourcing water from the Saskatoon South East Water Supply

              •    Changes to mining, hydrogeological, geotechnical parameters and assumptions reflected
                   in mining recovery

              •    Ability to maintain environmental and social license to operate

              •    Integrity of the shaft liner beyond the design life of 70 to 80 years.
          Confidence in the Mineral Reserve is reflected in the applied reserve classifications in accordance
          with the US SEC S-K 1300 with factors influencing classification including but not limited to mining
          methods, processing methods, economic assessment and other life of asset and closure
          assessments.
          In the opinion of the Qualified Person the confidence in the modifying factors is reasonably
          translated to the Probable Mineral Reserves characterisation and their derivation from Measured
          Resource estimates.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 25



2       Introduction
2.1     Registrant for Whom the Technical Report Summary was Prepared
          This Technical Report Summary was prepared in accordance with the new US Securities and
          Exchange Commission (US SEC) S-K regulations (Title 17, Part 229, Items 601 and 1300 through
          1305) for BHP Group Limited (BHP) to support its declaration of Potash Mineral Resources and
          Mineral Reserves on its Jansen Potash Project (Jansen) for the fiscal year ended on 30 June
          2022.

2.2     Terms of Reference and Purpose of the Report
          This report covers Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves and is issued in support of the BHP
          Canada Jansen Potash Project declaration. This document describes the first phase of
          operations at Jansen, known as Jansen Stage 1, noting all future staged production expansion
          as beyond the scope of the document.
          This Technical Report Summary was prepared to support the disclosure of Mineral Resources
          and Mineral Reserves for the fiscal year ended on 30 June 2022 in compliance with the new US
          SEC S-K regulations (which came into effect on 1 January 2021). This report does not include
          any exploration results that are not part of Jansen’s Mineral Resources or Mineral Reserves.

2.3     Sources of Information
          This report is based on internal technical reports, studies, and field programs, published
          government reports, published government and historical data, and public information as cited
          throughout this report and listed in the Section 24., available at the time of writing this TRS.
          Unless otherwise stated, all figures and images were prepared by BHP Canada. Units of
          measurement referenced in this report are based on local convention in use at the property and
          currency is expressed in US dollars.
          Reliance upon information provided by the registrant is listed in Section 25 when applicable.

2.4     Details of Inspection
          BHP has relied on the Qualified Persons listed in Table 2-1 to prepare the information and this
          report supporting its disclosure of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves at a Preliminary
          Feasibility Study-level. All Qualified Persons, except one, are full time employees of BHP, with
          the chapters and sections noted for which each Qualified Person is responsible for.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                            Page 26


          Table 2-1: List of Qualified Persons
                           Relation to         Qualification         Professional              Responsible for
                           Registrant and                            Organization   Years of   disclosure of
           QP Name         their Role                                and            Relevant
                                                                     Membership     Experience
                                                                     level
                           Full-time           PhD Geophysics                                  Mineral Tenure &
                           Employee /                                                          Mineral Resources –
           Balazs          Principal
           Nemeth
                                                                     MAUSIMM        20         Section 1, 2, 3, 7
                           Geophysicist                                                        (excluding 7.3), 11,
                                                                                               20, 22.1, 24
                           Full-time           B.Eng. Geological                               Mineral Resources –
           Ozen            Employee /          Engineering                                     Section 1, 2, 4, 5, 6,
                                                                     APEGS          21
           Turkekul        Principal           M.A.Sc. Economic                                8, 9, 21, 22.1, 24
                           Geologist           Geology
                                                                                               Mineral Reserves –
                           Full-time           Bachelor of                                     Section 1, 2, 12, 13,
           Johannes        Employee /          Science in Mining                               15 (excluding 15.6,
                                                                     MAUSIMM        18
           Sondergaard     Manager             Engineering                                     15.9), 16, 17.4-17.7,
                           Resource
                           Engineering
                                                                                               19, 22.2, 23, 24, 25
           Cameron         Full-time           BEng Metallurgical                              Metallurgy,
           McKinnon        Employee /          Engineering                                     Processing - Section
                                                                     APEGS          26
                           Manager Process                                                     1, 2, 10, 14
                           Engineering
                                                                                               Mineral Reserves,
           Darren
                           Full-time           B.Sc. Geological                                Geotechnical –
                           Employee /          Engineering           APEGS          14         Section 1, 2, 7.4,
           Madsen
                           Principal Mining                                                    13.2.1
                           Engineer
                                                                                               Hydrogeology -
                                                                                               Section 1, 2, 7.3,
           Bibek           Full-time           M.Sc.                                           13.2.2
                                                                     MAUSIMM        20
           Shrestha        Employee /          Hydrogeology
                           Specialist
                           Hydrogeology
                           Full-time           Bachelor of Applied                             Operating Costs -
           Greg Gauld      Employee / Head     Science               APEGS          19         Section 1, 2, 18.1
                           of Production
                           Full–time           BSc (honors)                                    Capital Costs -
                           Employee /          Quantity Surveying                              Section 1, 2, 18.2
                                               Masters Finance
           Manjula
                                               and Economics         MRICS          18
           Dissanayake
                                               PhD Construction
                                               Engineering &
                                               Management
                           Full-time           Bachelor of                                     Environmental
                           Employee /          Science                                         studies, Permitting -
           Melanie         Superintendent                                                      Section 1, 2, 17
                           Environment                               ASPB           21
           Failler                                                                             introduction , 17.1,
                                                                                               17.2 (excluding
                                                                                               17.2.1, 17.2.2.), 17.3
                                               B.Sc. A.                                        Shafts & Hoisting -
                           Full-time           Engineering, M.Sc.                              Section 15.9
           Jacques
                           Employee /          A.                    APEGS          32
           Ouellet
                           Principal Shaft &   Ph.D.
                           Hoisting
                                                                                               Tailings disposal -
           SNC Lavalin                                                                         Section 15.6, 17.2.1
                                                                                               17.2.2
          Table 2-2 summarizes the details of the personal inspections on the property by each qualified
          person or, if applicable, the reason why a personal inspection has not been completed.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                       Page 27


          Table 2-2: Qualified Persons Site Visits
           QP Name                      Details of Inspection
           J. Sondergaard               Focus on the early construction associated with the shafts and headframes,
                                        camp construction, water supply and treatment facilities, temporary and
                                        permanent utilities and offsite road infrastructure. (2018)
           Cameron McKinnon             Many visits over 7 years for site familiarization and collaboration with site
                                        execution teams. I have also been involved with water treatment, freeze plant,
                                        and sewage treatment plant operations.
           Jacques Ouellet              Completed several visits of site to inspect headframe and conduct shaft
                                        inspections during the period of 2015 to 2020. Due to COVID 19 restrictions,
                                        have not conducted physical on-site visits over the 2021 to 2022 period.
           Greg Gauld                   Site visit to review the installation of the Mining System in Germany was
                                        completed in the fall of 2019. No other physical site inspections were completed
                                        as the operations costs are based on the as designed and planned operations
                                        that are not present at this time. Any inspection of the current site would not
                                        reflect the future operations drivers.
           Ozen Turkekul                Multiple underground visits especially around the potash zone during shaft
                                        sinking and station cutting for geological characterization and sampling in 2018.
           M. Failler                   Frequent site visits since January 2019, including environmental field programs
                                        and supporting external inspections and audits
           D. Madsen                    Underground visit and inspection of clay seams at shaft station level during
                                        sinking.
           B. Nemeth                    Exploration drilling and seismic 2008-2010
           B. Shrestha                  Annual site visits since 2015 to inspect monitoring wells and download data.



2.5     Report Version Update
          This Technical Report Summary is not an update of a previously filed Technical Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 28



3       Property Description
3.1     Property Location
          The Jansen Potash Project is located in the Rural Municipalities of Leroy and Prairie Rose in
          Central Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 150 kilometres east of the city of Saskatoon. The
          Legal Land Description of the Shafts and future surface plant is Section 12 Township 34 Range
          20 West of 2nd Meridian. The project is easily accessible by public highways. The general location
          is shown on the map in Figure 3-1.
          The Jansen Mine Service Shaft location details are found in Table 3-1.



        Table 3-1: Jansen Service Shaft Coordinates
           Longitude -          104°42'53.44"W
           Latitude -           51°53'56.62"N
           Elevation –          544 meters metres
                                above sea level
           Northing -           5749850
           Easting -            519620
           Projection –         UTM
           Datum –              NAD83
           Zone -
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 29




        Figure 3-1: Location Map of Jansen

3.2     Mineral Tenure
          The total area of the Jansen Project lease is approximately 1,156 square kilometres. Most mineral
          rights parcels are owned by the Saskatchewan Crown, the remaining mineral parcels are owned
          by individuals and/or corporations (Figure 3-2). The annual mineral lease rental payments
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 30


          payable to the Government of Saskatchewan and private individuals or corporations are listed in
          Table 3-2.
          Table 3-2: Jansen Main Lease Areas and associated payments


           Lease Number                  Lease Holder      Expiration Date   Area (Ha)    Annual
                                                                                          Rental
                                                                                          Payment CA$
           KLSA 011                      BHP Canada Inc.   22/11/2033        105,662.36   1,056,623.66
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000649      BHP Canada Inc.   15/08/2033        129.69       640.94
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000366      BHP Canada Inc.   07/11/2033        63.94        316
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000512      BHP Canada Inc.   13/06/2033        97.88        483.7
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000556      BHP Canada Inc.   23/07/2033        129.36       639.3
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000703      BHP Canada Inc.   05/11/2033        128.89       636.96
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000557      BHP Canada Inc.   23/07/2033        129.74       641.16
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000686      BHP Canada Inc.   07/05/2033        64.67        319.58
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000603      BHP Canada Inc.   24/09/2030        56.66        280
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000606      BHP Canada Inc.   24/09/2030        56.66        280
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000516      BHP Canada Inc.   03/06/2033        16.09        79.52
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000665      BHP Canada Inc.   27/02/2034        0.40         2
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000518      BHP Canada Inc.   30/04/2033        16.18        79.96
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000491      BHP Canada Inc.   30/04/2033        16.18        79.96
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000502      BHP Canada Inc.   27/05/2033        64.67        319.58
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000662      BHP Canada Inc.   13/02/2034        60.76        300.3
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000673      BHP Canada Inc.   04/04/2033        2714.80      13416.56
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000195      BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000196      BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000191      BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000192      BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000193      BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000194      BHP Canada Inc.   10/05/2032        32.17        159
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000525      BHP Canada Inc.   25/07/2033        64.81        320.3
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000504      BHP Canada Inc.   14/06/2033        64.94        320.92
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000680      BHP Canada Inc.   13/03/2035        258.18       1275.94
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000593      BHP Canada Inc.   20/11/2033        12.72        62.88
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000363      BHP Canada Inc.   23/04/2033        10.84        53.58
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000604      BHP Canada Inc.   30/05/2031        64.75        320
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000561      BHP Canada Inc.   24/09/2033        63.81        315.34
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000501      BHP Canada Inc.   15/06/2033        193.61       956.84
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000608      BHP Canada Inc.   14/10/2033        64.84        320.44
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000492      BHP Canada Inc.   19/04/2033        10.84        53.58
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000514      BHP Canada Inc.   05/04/2033        64.41        318.32
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000655      BHP Canada Inc.   16/04/2033        31.95        157.88
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000520      BHP Canada Inc.   15/06/2033        130.00       642.44
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000759      BHP Canada Inc.   16/01/2034        32.44        160.32
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000650      BHP Canada Inc.   05/01/2034        0.40         2
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000656      BHP Canada Inc.   03/01/2034        0.40         2
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000653      BHP Canada Inc.   05/01/2034        0.40         2
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000847      BHP Canada Inc.   20/06/2034        63.19        312.28
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000651      BHP Canada Inc.   12/12/2033        16.09        79.52
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000503      BHP Canada Inc.   03/06/2033        16.09        79.52
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000370      BHP Canada Inc.   23/05/2033        64.72        319.86
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000559      BHP Canada Inc.   23/04/2033        129.75       641.24
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000449      BHP Canada Inc.   05/03/2033        129.74       641.16
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000685      BHP Canada Inc.   09/04/2035        60.59        299.44
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000447      BHP Canada Inc.   03/05/2033        126.96       627.46
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000657      BHP Canada Inc.   28/03/2033        65.11        321.76
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000508      BHP Canada Inc.   23/07/2033        64.88        320.64
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000658      BHP Canada Inc.   12/12/2033        12.72        62.88
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000506      BHP Canada Inc.   01/05/2033        65.03        321.36
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                    Page 31


           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000497     BHP Canada Inc.   30/04/2033   32.48    160.5
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000496     BHP Canada Inc.   17/02/2033   63.86    315.6
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000740     BHP Canada Inc.   19/03/2033   159.86   790.04
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000605     BHP Canada Inc.   16/09/2031   11.53    57
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000777     BHP Canada Inc.   06/08/2033   16.22    80.14
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000535     BHP Canada Inc.   19/07/2033   48.67    240.52
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000616     BHP Canada Inc.   19/08/2033   16.22    80.14
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000494     BHP Canada Inc.   18/03/2033   63.82    315.42
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000513     BHP Canada Inc.   19/03/2033   0.84     4.14
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000737     BHP Canada Inc.   06/11/2035   0.57     2.8
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000711     BHP Canada Inc.   03/04/2034   128.78   636.44
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000510     BHP Canada Inc.   26/03/2033   32.46    160.44
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000742     BHP Canada Inc.   19/04/2033   32.46    160.4
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000536     BHP Canada Inc.   22/07/2033   16.09    79.52
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000601     BHP Canada Inc.   13/05/2031   32.38    160
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000602     BHP Canada Inc.   13/05/2031   32.38    160
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000652     BHP Canada Inc.   17/12/2033   12.72    62.88
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000668     BHP Canada Inc.   24/03/2034   32.46    160.4
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000738     BHP Canada Inc.   21/02/2034   12.72    62.88
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000715     BHP Canada Inc.   12/12/2033   12.72    62.88
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000564     BHP Canada Inc.   15/04/2033   64.58    319.16
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000365     BHP Canada Inc.   15/04/2033   32.28    159.54
           DSP-MRA-JANSEN-ML-000666     BHP Canada Inc.   27/02/2034   0.40     2
           POT-Jansen-ML-000848         BHP Canada Inc.   17/05/2033   65.05    321.46
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 32




          Figure 3-2: Lease Areas of Jansen

3.3     Mineral Rights Description and How They Were Obtained
          On 23 November 2012, the Government of Saskatchewan and BHP Canada entered into Potash
          Lease Special Agreement KLSA 011. This agreement gives BHP Canada the exclusive right to
          search for, dig, work, mine, extract, recover, process, and carry away subsurface minerals under
          or within all of the Saskatchewan Crown mineral parcels of KLSA 011. The lease pertains to two
          categories of lands, shown in Figure 3-2 and consisting of:
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 33


              1. ‘KLSA 011 Core Lands’ comprising primarily the Mineral Reserves
              2. ‘KLSA 011 Expansion Lands’, and additional area outside Mineral Reserves that includes
                 the primarily Inferred Resource.
          To gain access to the potash within mineral parcels owned by individuals and/or corporations
          (‘freehold mineral lease’), BHP must either purchase the mineral parcels or negotiate mineral
          lease agreement(s) with the registered owner(s) of the mineral parcel(s). The freehold mineral
          leases secured by BHP Canada have a term of twenty-one years and are renewable at the option
          of BHP for successive terms of twenty-one years each. An annual rental payment of
          CA$4.94/hectare (CA$2/acre) is also paid to keep these leases in good standing.
          During the first three years of the KLSA 011 lease, BHP Canada was required to complete
          CA$12M of work on the lease area. This work commitment has been met using excess exploration
          work credits completed on the exploration permits prior to the Jansen exploration permits
          conversion to KLSA 011.
          All surface lands that form part of the Jansen mine operations footprint have been acquired by
          BHP Canada The total surface area acquired by BHP Canada is shown in Figure 3-2.
        Table 3-3: Summary of Jansen land position
                                                   Jansen Mineral Rights details
                                                        Area            Area Acres   Area km2          %
                                                      Hectares
          Jansen project total lease area              115638             285747      1156.38          100
          KLSA 011 Core lands                         63939.43          157997.78      639.39           55
          KLSA 011 Expansion lands                    41724.73          103104.06      417.25           36
          BHP Canada acquired freehold mineral         8997.56           22233.45       89.98            8
          rights
          Total of Core, Expansion, and acquired      114661.72         283335.29     1146.62          99
          freehold mineral rights


3.4     Encumbrances
          There have been no significant encumbrances to the property identified as of the date of this
          report. Federal, provincial and municipal permits and approval for construction and operation
          have been received. All material permits that have been applied for to-date have been received.
          Based on the LoA Plan additional permits and approvals will become necessary. The Qualified
          Person believe that Jansen will reasonably be able to obtain the required construction and
          operation permits for the Project based on the LoA Plan.

3.5     Other Significant Factors and Risks
          It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that based on the available information and current
          regulations there are no significant risks to the mineral tenure that would affect access or mineral
          title and the ability of BHP to work on the property.

3.6     Royalties or Similar Interest
          A Provincial Potash Crown Royalty is payable under The Subsurface Mineral Royalty
          Regulations, 2017. Royalties are based on the value of potash produced from Crown mineral
          lands. The royalty rate is 3 per cent, and the value is determined as the average price realized by
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                        Page 34


          the producer in the year, as governed by revenues and sales under The Saskatchewan Potash
          Production Tax Regulations.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 35



4       Accessibility,             Climate,     Local       Resources,          Infrastructure,          and
        Physiography
4.1     Topography, Elevation, and Vegetation
          The topography of the Jansen site is generally flat with elevations that range between 540 metres
          and 545 metres. The site slopes 0.3 per cent from northwest to southeast. The site is composed
          of agricultural fields, with patches of trees and small wetlands. Non-contact runoff water collects
          in a wetland area to the east of the site, then drains to Hatke Lake approximately 10 kilometres
          northeast of the site. Jansen Lake and Lanigan Creek are located northwest of the Hatke Lake
          drainage basin.

4.2     Means of Access
          The site is accessed by road from provincial Highway 16 approximately 12 kilometres to the south
          and Highway 5 approximately 32 kilometres to the north. Access to the site from these highways
          will use upgraded secondary and/or primary roads from the Village of Jansen to the south and
          the Town of LeRoy to the north. Railway access is expected to be available from both national
          rail networks will be from a spur line from the south (Figure 3-2) and are subject to future
          applications and agreements.

4.3     Climate and Length of Operating Season
          The Jansen area experiences a climate which is typical of the Canadian prairies: a humid
          continental climate (Köppen climate classification - Dfb) featuring long, cold winters and brief,
          warm summers. High temperatures range from 15°C in May to the mid-30s°C in July and August
          with moderate precipitation. Winter normally begins in November and temperatures generally
          remain below the freezing point. In cold snaps temperatures may drop as low as -40s°C. Mild
          spring weather usually begins by April. Annual precipitation averages 30 to 45 centimetres.
          Operations can continue throughout the year.

4.4     Infrastructure and Availability
          On-site infrastructure is expected to include power distribution, raw water storage and distribution,
          potable water treatment, fire water distribution, diesel fuel storage and distribution, natural gas
          distribution, ancillary buildings and facilities, Tailings Management Area (TMA), sewage system,
          waste collection, site drainage, on-site roads, on-site rail, communications and technology
          infrastructure, the process control system, and the temporary construction facilities. On-site
          utilities are expected to be distributed in a combination of pre-cast trenches, direct buried cables,
          and buried pipes for water, sanitary effluent, and natural gas. Diesel fuel is expected to be
          delivered to site and stored in a contained area. Fuel for the mining equipment is expected to be
          delivered underground by totes using the Service shaft.
          Operations facilities are expected to consist of the administration building (containing the mill and
          mine dry, offices, training, and security), warehousing, maintenance workshop, vehicle
          maintenance facility, emergency response facility, mill support facility, laboratory, compressor
          building, rail support facility and main water pump house.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 36


          Off-site infrastructure for the Jansen Project is executed through contractual agreements with
          third parties using defined battery limits on the project site. Off-site utilities are provided by the
          Crown corporations of the Province of Saskatchewan (i.e., SaskPower, TransGas and
          SaskEnergy, SaskWater, and SaskTel). All public roads in Saskatchewan are owned by the
          Crown in right of Saskatchewan. Rural municipalities have authority to direct, control, and manage
          the roads within their municipality.

4.5     Water
          The raw water system consists of the incoming water supply line from SaskWater and
          groundwater sourced from the existing Raw Water Well 1 (RWW 1). Primary water supply will be
          surface water from the Saskatoon South East Water Supply (SSEWS) system delivered by
          pipeline from the Zelma Reservoir to the site by SaskWater. Based on available information, the
          capacity of the water supply pipeline is expected to be 7M m3/y for the Jansen project. The
          SaskWater line has a capacity of 9.2M m3/y and supplies other consumers besides the Jansen
          Project. Back-up water supply will be sourced from the Empress Group Aquifer through the
          constructed on-site RWW 1.

4.6     Electricity
          Permanent power is contracted to be supplied by SaskPower using 230 kV overhead lines
          terminating at the 230 kV main plant substation dead-end structure (the point of common
          coupling). Currently temporary power is provided by SaskPower with a 138 kV overhead line.

4.7     Personnel
          Employees of Jansen mine are anticipated to reside in several existing communities located in
          the area. The potash mining industry has a long history of providing employment in the province
          and communities within driving distance of the site are in the process of preparing for the growth
          brought on by investment decisions to further develop Jansen.

4.8     Supplies
          The Jansen project is connected to a primary weight, asphalt surface network of highways and
          has year-round access for trucking of materials to/from the site. On-site warehousing will be
          provided to manage inventory requirements of the operating mine. In addition to road access
          there will be connections to both of the major rail providers in Canada.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                           Page 37



5        History
5.1      Previous Operations
          The Saskatchewan potash basin has a long history of exploration and mining operations since
          the 1950s. BHP will be the first mining operation owner at the Jansen location.

5.2      Exploration and Development by Previous Owners or Operators
          The Potash Company of America initiated potash exploration work in the Jansen area in 1952.
          Alwinsal Potash of Canada followed this with further work in 1959. Kerr-McGee Oil Industries Inc.
          carried out the main historical exploration phase between September 1962 and October 1965.
          The period 1965 to 2005 saw no further significant exploration activities for potash in the Jansen
          area. In 2005, Anglo Minerals Ltd., a small junior company registered an extensive land package
          of potash exploration permits surrounding the producing Potash mines in the Saskatoon area,
          which included the Jansen project area.
          In September 2005, Anglo Minerals Ltd. published a Canadian National Instrument (NI 43-101)
          report based on historical drilling, which included a resource estimate for exploration permit
          KP286 only, (Halabura et al. 2005). A small 3D seismic survey was completed from October 2005
          to March 2006 for the part of Jansen area. An additional NI 43-101 report, which included the
          results of the 3D seismic and covered KP285, KP286, and KP290, was issued in November 2006
          (Halabura and Gebhardt, 2006).
          Kerr-McGee Oil Industries Inc. drilled all the historical holes on the Jansen Project, except for two
          (07-01 and 07-06), during the period from September 1962 to October 1965. The earliest two
          holes were drilled by the Potash Company of America Limited in December 1952 (07-01) and
          Alwinsal Potash of Canada Limited in June 1959 (07-06). Table 5-1 shows the full list of historical
          holes.
         Table 5-1: Summary of exploration drilling by previous owners
 BHP      CWI            DRILL                                      Easting    Northing    KB          TOTAL     HOLE
 ID                      HOLE           Owner                       (m)        (m)         elevation   DEPTH     DIP
                         TYPE                                                              (m)         (m)
                         Historic       Potash Company of
 07-01    SK0001200                                                 504598.4   5739717.0      539      996.7     Vertical
                         exploration    America Ltd.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 07-02    SK0011162                                                 506560.6   5744544.0      538      993.6     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 07-03    SK0011129                                                 502979.1   5746198.5      542      1002.8    Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 07-04    SK0009464                                                 506262.8   5747138.5      537      973.8     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 07-05    SK0011265                                                 506225.2   5749925.5      544      982.7     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Alwinsal Potash of Canada
 07-06    SK0007349                                                 502991.2   5756045.5      551      1033.6    Vertical
                         exploration    Ltd.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-01    SK0011401                                                 520908.5   5749484.5      544      964.7     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-03    SK0012931                                                 523917.4   5754314.5      541      938.5     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-04    SK0011508                                                 520847.4   5754837.0      540      935.7     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-05    SK0004216                                                 520626.1   5732004.0      529      1025      Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                           Page 38


 BHP      CWI            DRILL                                      Easting    Northing    KB          TOTAL     HOLE
 ID                      HOLE           Owner                       (m)        (m)         elevation   DEPTH     DIP
                         TYPE                                                              (m)         (m)
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-08    SK0009433                                                 514190.5   5743747.5      550      990       Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-09    SK0011403                                                 517441.4   5743801.0      544      990.6     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-10    SK0011482                                                 519061.4   5745531.0      544      977.8     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-11    SK0011267                                                 519060.1   5747989.5      546      978.1     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-12    SK0011383                                                 515813.7   5747978.0      547      978.4     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-13    SK0011128                                                 520687.2   5751039.0      541      957.4     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-14    SK0011358                                                 517609.3   5751220.0      547      960.7     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-15    SK0011376                                                 514644.0   5751209.5      544      981.5     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-16    SK0011483                                                 515795.3   5754604.0      546      947.9     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-17    SK0011268                                                 519360.3   5759215.0      544      935.7     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-18    SK0010280                                                 510902.5   5751009.0      542      957.4     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 08-19    SK0011164                                                 510928.9   5747022.0      549      991.2     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 09-08    SK0005768                                                 516047.1   5724592.0      533      1158.2    Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 09-14    SK0016476                                                 504306.9   5727442.5      544      1217.7    Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 11-03    SK0011269                                                 525569.7   5744790.0      536      951.9     Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.
                         Historic       Kerr-McGee Oil Industries
 11-04    SK0016602                                                 523465.3   5763933.0      543      1068.3    Vertical
                         exploration    Inc.



          Details of Kerr-McGee’s drilling program are limited to available drilling reports filed with the
          Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and Resources (SER). The holes were completed with either a
          T-22, Ideco 25 or Stratmaster 90 drilling rig.
          A descriptive lithologic log of the cuttings and core is still available to view for these drill holes.
          Analytical samples were cut from the core of the Upper Patience Lake (UPL), Lower Patience
          Lake (LPL) and Belle Plaine (BP) members. The split core samples were wrapped in double
          acetate bags and shipped to the Kerr-McGee research laboratory for analysis. In keeping with
          Saskatchewan government regulations, the cuttings, core and the other half of sample splits were
          delivered to the Subsurface Laboratory in Regina.
          Drilling reports, which are available at the Saskatchewan government website, indicate that the
          quality and consistency of the work is very good and the core recovery is indicated to be 100 per
          cent in the mineralized zone.
          All geochemical analysis from all the Kerr-McGee drill holes, except the first three holes drilled
          prior to 1964, appears to have been completed at the same research laboratory, using the same
          analysis suite for every hole. For the initial three Kerr-McGee holes (i.e., 08-08, 07-04, 08-18),
          the analysis is restricted to K2O% and insolubles%.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                      Page 39


          It is the Qualified Person’s opinion that the historical drilling, coring, assaying quality requirements
          for the mineral resource K2O grade estimation for Jansen are met.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 40



6       Geological Setting, Mineralization, and Deposit
6.1     Regional Geology
          The Phanerozoic sedimentary wedge covers much of western Canada (Figure 6-1). It thickens
          southwest from the exposed Canadian Shield to a preserved thickness of over 6 kilometres to the
          west and over 3 kilometres to the south. This sediment cover is divided into several intracratonic
          basins, including the Liard Basin, Alberta Basin, and Williston basin. The Canadian segment of
          this sediment cover is also known as the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB).




        Figure 6-1: Regional Geology Map – Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (Geological Map of
                     Canada – Geological Survey of Canada.

6.2     Local Geology
          During the Middle Devonian period, the Alberta Basin and the Williston Basin formed one larger
          unit, the Elk Point Basin, which was connected to the ocean in the northwest (Figure 6-1). Later,
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 41


          basin restrictions began to increase its salinity and induced the deposition of the Prairie Evaporite
          (PE) which hosts the potash bearing members. Middle Devonian cyclic deposition continued with
          Manitoba Group and Saskatchewan Group after the Elk Point Group sediments.
          The Jansen potash deposit is located within the Williston Basin, a large, intracratonic, structurally
          simple, and horizontally bedded sedimentary basin. The Williston Basin extends from southern
          Saskatchewan, Canada into the northern states of the United States of America. Figure 6-2 shows
          the extents of potash distribution with the Williston Basin.




        Figure 6-2: Map of potash distribution within the Williston Basin (modified from Fuzesy (1982))
          Deposition of sediments in the basin began during the Cambrian geological time period, followed
          by an intense period of limestone, dolomite, evaporite, sandstone, and shale deposition during
          the geological time periods Ordovician, Silurian, and Devonian ending with Cretaceous
          sediments. Figure 6-3 shows a schematic cross section focussed on members of interest in the
          Jansen area, location of the cross-section A-A’ shown in Figure 6-2.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 42




        Figure 6-3: Schematic geological section showing the potash members of the PE Formation. The
                     location of the section is shown on Figure 6-2:



          Figure 6-4 shows the full stratigraphic column from surface, including the key members for the
          Jansen potash project area.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 43




        Figure 6-4: Stratigraphic column for the Jansen area (after Stratigraphic Correlation Chart
                     economy.gov.sk.ca, 2016).

6.3     Property Geology
          There is no visible rock outcrop at Jansen, the property is relatively flat open Prairie type farm
          land and a thick layer (100+ metres) of glacial drift deposits over lie the Cretaceous age, Bearpaw
          shale formation (Figure 6-4). The potash beds are approximately 900 metres below surface, at
          the top of the PE Formation which conformably overlies the predominantly carbonate layers of
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 44


          Winnipegosis Formation. There are three main potash bearing members present in the PE
          Formation. Two are present in the Jansen area, those being the Patience Lake and Belle Plaine
          members. The Patience Lake member is further subdivided into Upper Patience Lake (UPL) and
          Lower Patience Lake (LPL) sub-members (Figure 6-4 and




          Figure 6-5). The LPL sub-member is the potash horizon targeted for Jansen. These potash
          members were deposited in regionally extensive (hundreds of kilometres), horizontal layers
          during the repeated, cyclical periods of evaporation of a shallow, inland sea during the Devonian
          Period. Mineralization within the potash layers consists of a layered, repetitive sequence of sylvite
          (KCl) with halite (NaCl) and thin layers of insoluble dolomitic clay material (clay seams). Carnallite
          (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O), a mineral which can impact processing and ground stability, occasionally
          occurs in place of sylvite within the potash layer.
          The Dawson Bay formation, includes the Second Red Beds member and the Dawson Bay
          carbonate members on top and overlays the PE Formation (Figure 6-4).
          Approximately 400 metres below the PE Formation are the Cambrian-Ordovician Winnipeg and
          Deadwood formations. Sediments of these formations were deposited in near shore, shallow
          water marine environments on top of the Precambrian rocks. The coarse to fine sands of the
          formations, host a vast deep saline aquifer that is used for brine disposal.



6.4     Mineral Deposit
          The Jansen LPL sub-member is hosted within the PE Formation, and was deposited in regionally
          extensive, horizontal layers during the repeated, cyclical evaporation of a shallow, saltpan
          environment during the Devonian period. LPL potash is composed of combinations of halite
          (NaCl), sylvite (KCl) with variable amounts of disseminated insolubles and clay seams (




          Figure 6-5).
          The LPL is subdivided into four mineralization cycles for detailed geological characterization of
          the potential mining horizon. The LPL sub-member is an approximately five metres thick potash
          unit interspersed with thin clay seams. The LPL top is marked by a clay seam (named the 406)
          that is overlain by an approximately 2.5 metres thick halite unit. The bottom of the LPL unit is
          marked by a clay seam (named the 401). The mineralization of the LPL is restricted to the 406 to
          401 interval. The clay seams are consistent throughout the potash basin and the Jansen area
          and can be easily correlated between the drill holes.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 45




        Figure 6-5: Detailed stratigraphy of the Patience Lake Member.



          Safe mining practice in the Prairie Evaporate Formation requires a competent rock immediately
          above the top of the LPL sub-unit. The interval between the 406 and 407 clay seams, mainly
          consists of halite with some minor insoluble bands, traditionally known as the Shadow band (SB)
          and Henry Marker (HM). These are considered potential geotechnical hazards as they, in some
          areas, weaken the mining roof and may require extra ground support or additional cutting and
          increase the dilution. Their effect was taken into account in reserve calculations.
          The Saskatchewan potash deposit is an example of a Potash hosting Evaporite sequence. This
          large and flat deposit extends from east to west in the province and shows relative uniformity,
          except where there are anomalies due to local dissolutions of the potash beds or clay seams.
          There is also no faulting at the level of the potash beds.
          The main types of anomalies defined by Mackintosh and McVittie (1983) are called washout,
          leach and collapse anomalies. The generic classification is still valid, although the anomalies can
          be seen with different combinations (Figure 6-6). Washout and leach anomalies are also called
          no-potash anomalies. Collapse anomalies are characterized by a loss of recognizable potash
          strata through salt dissolution, replaced by brecciated, re-cemented, and recrystallized material,
          with breccia blocks typically derived from the overlying strata. Diameters may range from several
          tens of metres up to hundreds of metres. These cylindrical structures are characterized by the
          complete or near complete destruction of the original geological layering, as observed on seismic
          data by the total or almost total loss of reflection.
          Collapse anomalies have been classified based on the level of connectivity to water sources and
          size to help standardize the terminology. Class 1 is the highest risk class as the Prairie Evaporate
          Formation and overlaying carbonate units are altered and disturbed on the seismic data. Class 2
          shows disturbed Devonian Carbonates and Class 3 type collapse anomalies are typically
          restricted to the Dawson Bay and Second Red Beds formations. During the exploration program
          these features are mapped using 3D seismic surveys, (see Section 7.1.4 for details).
          Carnallite occurrences are also considered as anomalies. Carnallite is undesirable in the mining
          and processing environment. Its physical properties effect ground conditions negatively and
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 46


          relatively low potassium and high magnesium content can interfere with ore processing. High
          carnallite content areas are mapped with 3D seismic surveys and avoided in the mine plan.
          The geology of the basin and its geological formations are well known from extensive exploratory
          drilling for hydrocarbons and minerals and from geophysical data collected since 1952. This basin
          wide geological information is publicly available from the Saskatchewan Geological Survey in the
          form of maps, cross-sections, drill hole-based formation contact identification, core from historical
          drill holes, and other publications. Potash exploration drill hole information is confidential for the
          first five years after drilling, afterwards it becomes publicly available.
          It is the Qualified Person’s opinion that Saskatchewan’s potash deposition geology is well
          understood based on mining in the region for 60 years and available information. The data
          collected for the Jansen potash project and interpretation based on the data collected is consistent
          with this current understanding.




        Figure 6-6: Three main types of anomalies (Mackintosh and Mc Vittie (1983)).
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 47



7       Exploration
          The main exploration methods for potash in Saskatchewan are drilling and reflection seismic
          surveys. Drilling is typically conducted using petroleum industry rotary rigs to obtain core samples
          and to acquire rock property measurements with geophysical well logging tools lowered into the
          drill hole. Reflection seismic surveys are acquired along lines (2D) or over an area (3D) to obtain
          images of subsurface geology. The seismic data are used for mapping geological structures and
          to obtain subsurface rock physical property information. Figure 7-1 shows the potash exploration
          coverage, including seismic surveys and drilling.

7.1     Exploration Work (Other Than Drilling)
          BHP Canada reflection seismic surveys include the following:

              •    Reconnaissance 2D seismic surveys between June 2007 and August 2007.

              •    Two 3D seismic surveys were completed from October 2007 to March 2008 and from
                   October 2008 to March 2009.

7.1.1     Procedures and Parameters Relating to the Surveys and Investigations
          BHP Canada geophysicists and their representatives were involved in the design, planning, field
          acquisition, and processing of all the surveys.
          Both the 2D and 3D seismic surveys are designed to provide the optimal image of the subsurface
          geology from the base of the Cretaceous age sediments (~ 400 metres depth) to the top of the
          Precambrian (~ 1,500 metres depth).
          The east-west 2D survey lines are spaced 3.2 kilometres (2 miles) apart, with occasional north-
          south lines connecting them at approximately 20 kilometres apart. Placement of the 2D seismic
          survey lines utilized the grid roads established by the Dominion Land Survey system.
          The 3D seismic surveys are positioned over areas that appeared to be the most prospective
          based on the interpretation of the 2D data. Large 3D seismic surveys are acquired in 400 to 600
          square kilometre pieces over several data collection seasons. The 3D seismic survey field
          operations are carried out in winter, between October and March, to minimize the impact on
          farming and environment.
          Seismic data processing history:

              •    The 2D survey data were first commercially processed in 2007, immediately after
                   acquisition. In 2009, the 2D line data were re-processed with the supervision of BHP
                   Canada geophysicists.

              •    The 3D seismic surveys data were processed as individual surveys, immediately after
                   acquisition. The BHP Canada 3D seismic surveys were merged with the 2006 Anglo
                   Minerals 3D seismic survey during processing, and the volumes were merged.

              •    In 2011, the three 3D seismic volumes were combined at the field data level and were
                   reprocessed to provide one single, jointly processed time volume.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 48



                •   Development in seismic processing algorithms warranted another joint re-processing in
                    2016. The work on this version incorporated all the learnings gained by the BHP Canada
                    geophysicist interpreting the 2011 version.

                •   In 2018/2019 new processing work (Pre-Stack Depth Migration) was carried out on the
                    joint 2016 data that provided an enhanced subsurface image volume in depth.

7.1.2 Sampling Methods and Sample Quality
        Table 7-1: Seismic survey sampling
                                                        Subsurface fold at   Vertical sampling
           Survey      Horizontal trace spacing
                                                        Prairie Evaporite
           2D          10 m along the line                       ~ 75        1 ms
                                                                             1 ms (time volumes)
           3D          30 m both in X and Y direction          ~ 15
                                                                             2 m (depth volumes)

          The quality of the collected seismic data is continuously monitored during acquisition. This
          includes monitoring field equipment performance, environmental noise, and collected
          geographical survey information. If any parameters exceeded the defined threshold, the
          acquisition is stopped until the problem is fixed, or in the case of weather-related delays until
          conditions improve. Geographic survey information is checked and verified independently by a
          third-party surveying company.
          The seismic data processing workflow includes further strict QA/QC steps that seek to ensure the
          highest possible quality results, which included among other things:

                •   checking source and receiver locations

                •   removing noisy recordings

                •   testing parameters for each processing step and comparing data before and after
                    subsequent steps
          Processed seismic lines/volumes at different stages of the workflow were delivered to BHP
          Canada’s site geophysicist for evaluation and quality checking and feedback was provided to the
          processors.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 49



7.1.3 Information about the Area Covered




        Figure 7-1: Exploration coverage
          The 2D seismic surveys cover the entire Jansen lease. The 3D seismic surveys cover
          approximately 75 per cent of the lease.

7.1.4 Significant Results and Interpretation
          Subsurface images of the 2D seismic survey on a regional scale successfully identified areas
          where the detailed exploration efforts needed to be focused, away from large scale anomalous
          geological features and disturbed geology. The BHP Canada exploration drill holes were
          positioned where 2D seismic information was available to reduce the risk of drilling into disturbed
          geology. The 3D seismic survey was also positioned based on this information to image the most
          prospective areas.
          The 3D seismic survey successfully imaged structural features (collapse anomalies) that pose
          hazards to the mining operation and were classified based on the severity of disruption that occurs
          in the stratigraphy (Section 6.4). Topography of major geological interfaces, for example the top
          of the Prairie Evaporite formation, are also mapped (Figure 7-2).
          Quantitative interpretation of the seismic response from the LPL zone allowed identification of
          anomalous geological areas located within the LPL member, i.e. carnallite and no-potash
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 50


          anomalies. In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the level of detail in the surveys is sufficient to
          enable the development of the geological model to form the basis of Mineral Resources Estimate
          (as detailed in Section 10.6 of this report). The confidence in the granularity of the surveys is
          sufficient to assign higher levels of classification (Measured and Indicated) between the sampling
          points.




        Figure 7-2: Structural features and top of Prairie Evaporite elevation imaged by 3D seismic
          The seismic imaging is a mature technology originating in the oil and gas industry and has been
          successfully adopted by the potash mining industry. It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that
          the quality of the seismic surveys collected on the Jansen lease are excellent and the structural
          and the quantitative interpretation work carried out at Jansen by BHP Canada geophysicists are
          at an industry standard practice level.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 51



7.2     Exploration Drilling
          Exploration drilling was carried out by BHP Canada:

              •    to obtain physical samples for geological mapping, geochemical analysis, rock mechanics
                   and metallurgical testing,

              •    to acquire rock physical and hydrogeological property measurements using geophysical
                   well logging,

              •    to acquire hydrogeological testing data from the brine disposal zone.
          Drill hole locations were selected based on information obtained from the 2D and 3D seismic
          program to avoid structural features and regional potash anomalies. The distribution and spacing
          of the drill holes were chosen to complement the historical drilling locations to provide a uniform
          drill hole coverage across the central part of the lease area.

7.2.1 Drilling Type and Extent
          All drill holes were drilled using petroleum industry oil rigs (Figure 7-3) with the rotary drilling
          method. The equipment requires an approximately 150 metres x 150 metres size drilling pad for
          the rig, equipment, and offices. The drilling operation was running 24/7 with contracted site
          geologists and BHP representatives overseeing the drilling and data collection operations. After
          completion of the drilling the drill site was reclaimed to its original state.




        Figure 7-3: Oil rig used in BHP Canada potash exploration drilling



          A summary of the drilling information is shown in Table 7-2:. Geophysical well logging was
          conducted in all holes from top to bottom.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                       Page 52


        Table 7-2: Summary of BHP Canada drilling information
                                                                                 Metres Analysed
                  Type of Drilling      Number of Drill Holes   Metres Drilled        Using          Year
                                                                                  Geochemistry
               Potash exploration                24                24,500              596         2008-2009
               Disposal zone
               testing and                       2                  3,100               -            2014
               monitoring
               Shaft Pilot hole                   2                 2,076             89             2009
               Shaft geotechnical                 1                  590               -             2014
               Brine Injection well               1                 1,500              -             2016
               Total                             31                28,976             685              -




7.2.2 Drilling, Sampling and Recovery Factors
          Potash exploration drill holes
          The stratigraphy of the region is well established based on the exploration completed to date.
          Most of the holes were drilled into the Prairie Evaporite formation and were terminated once all
          the potash beds were intersected, below the Belle Plaine member. A limited number of holes were
          drilled through the Prairie Evaporite into the Interlake formation to provide calibration information
          for seismic analysis. One exploration hole was drilled to the Precambrian basement to obtain
          information about the entire sedimentary column including the target formation for brine disposal.
          The drilling plan for each drill hole is divided into four sections:

              •    Section 1 – Conductor and surface section, installation of the conductor and drilling to set
                   a required surface casing point (244.5 millimetres), as pre-scribed by the Saskatchewan
                   Oil & Gas Conservation Regulations 1985.

              •    Section 2 – Intermediate section, drilling to the core point and setting a 177.8 millimetre
                   intermediate casing string.

              •    Section 3 – Core section, drilling and coring using mineral oil-based mud utilizing 156
                   millimetre core equipment.

              •    Section 4 – Deep section, drilling either to the Interlake Formation or the Precambrian
                   basement with 156 millimetre bit.
          After drilling, the holes are plugged by cement and abandoned following the Saskatchewan Oil
          and Gas Conservation regulation procedures.
          Details are shown in Figure 7-4, including abandonment procedures.
          Exploration core recovery is 99.95 per cent which is considered excellent by the Qualified Person.
          Core depths are corrected to the geophysical logs depth to obtain a common depth reference for
          all data. The high core recovery enabled BHP Canada to take representative samples for the
          basis of the Mineral Resources estimate.
          Drill hole locations are surveyed at planning and after spudding by a professional surveyor. During
          drilling the maximum deviation from the vertical was set to 3 degrees and was monitored
          continuously with downhole instruments. The drill holes’ trajectory is surveyed after completion
          using the orientation logging tool that is deployed as part of the geophysical well logging program.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 53


          All holes are close to vertical with offset less than 10 metres between the surface coordinate and
          bottom hole coordinate. The shaft pilot holes were drilled with very small deviation tolerances.
          All sampling, including geophysical logging, is conducted with QA/QC procedures in place with
          targets set and monitored, see Section 8 for details regarding these QA/QC procedures.




        Figure 7-4: The four sections of the exploration drilling program and abandonment procedures.



          Brine disposal zone monitoring and testing holes and disposal hole
          Two holes were drilled to obtain hydrogeological and rock mechanics information from the brine
          disposal reservoir zone. The preparation and execution were identical to the exploration holes
          except after setting surface casing the holes were drilled to the top of the Winnipeg formation,
          then logged and cased. The lower section was drilled through the Winnipeg Sand and Deadwood
          formations into the Precambrian. Geophysical logging, hydrogeological formation testing and rock
          mechanics testing programs were carried out in this section (details in Section 7.3). Once the
          testing was completed the hole was cased and pressure and temperature monitoring equipment
          was installed at the Deadwood formation (details in Section 7.3).
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 54


          The brine disposal drill hole was drilled with similar set up, methodology, and data collection
          program to the monitoring holes, except the reservoir section was developed for the injection
          operation.
          Shaft pilot holes and geotechnical hole
          Two pilot holes and a geotechnical hole were drilled to support the shaft sinking. The pilot holes,
          after the placement of the conductor and surface casing section, were continuously cored to the
          base of the Prairie Evaporite formation. Geophysical well logging and hydrogeological testing
          were conducted before the pilot holes were plugged. The shaft geotechnical hole was drilled in a
          similar way to provide additional information for shaft sinking operations.
          It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the data (core, geophysical logs, hydrogeological
          testing data, etc.) obtained by drilling have a good quality and are reliable. They are suitable to
          be used for geological, hydrogeological, and other model development and related studies.

7.2.3 Drilling Results and Interpretation
          In agreement with the well-recognized regional geological and structural architecture of the
          Williston Basin, the drilling results show that the geological layers dip approximately 0.1 degrees
          to the southwest. The use of vertical holes is therefore deemed by the Qualified Person to be
          appropriate and ensures representative thicknesses are achieved across each stratigraphic unit.
          All anticipated stratigraphic units were present in the drill holes with normal thicknesses and
          lithologies, no unexpected geological conditions were encountered.
          The exploration drilling further confirmed the presence of the Prairie Evaporite formation and the
          UPL, LPL and Belle Plaine members in the entire Jansen lease. The depth of the LPL was found
          to be between approximately 850 metres in the north and approximately 1,050 metres in the south
          (Figure 7-5).
          Holes drilled deep into the disposal reservoir confirmed the presence of the Winnipeg Sand and
          Deadwood formations with expected thickness, lithology, and hydrogeological properties.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 55




        Figure 7-5: North-South cross section showing main potash units and geological units immediately
                     above, (DB Carbonates - Dawson Bay Carbonates, RB2 - Second Red Beds, UPL -
                     Upper Patience Lake sub-member, LPL - Lower Patience Lake sub-member, BP - Belle
                     Plaine member). The vertical axis is in elevation (m). Both historical and BHP Canada
                     drill holes are included.

7.3     Hydrogeology
          The hydrogeology of the Jansen Project area consists of two groundwater systems:

              •    Near surface groundwater system that encompasses glacial till, silt, clay, sand and gravel

              •    Deep groundwater system that is characterized by underlying carbonates and sandstones
                   units
          The groundwater systems are separated by a low permeability shale formation.

7.3.1 Near Surface Hydrogeology
          Introduction
          The near surface hydrostratigraphy is generally comprised of a complex sequence of sediments
          which include inter-bedded water bearing formations (i.e. aquifers for groundwater source) and
          low permeability sediments (i.e., aquitards as natural barriers to brine migration from the surface
          tailings facility). These stratified sediments, above the bedrock (Bearpaw Shale), are collectively
          known as glacial drift, and form a multi-stacked aquifer system across the Jansen Project area.
          The near surface hydrostratigraphy of the project area is summarized in Figure 7-6.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                  Page 56



                        Stratigraphy
                                                                        Lithology                       Hydrogeology
         Group        Formation         Unit or Member
                                                                                     Clay, Silt,
                                                           Silt, Sand, Gravel
                                                                                       Sand
                                           Alluvium
                                                                                     Clay, Silt,
                     Surficial                             Silt, Sand, Gravel
                                                                                       Sand
                     Stratified                                                                    Surficial Aquifer/Aquitard
                                                                                     Clay, Silt,
                     Deposits                              Silt, Sand, Gravel
                                                                                       Sand
                                           Haultain
                                                                                     Clay, Silt,
                                                           Silt, Sand, Gravel
                                                                                       Sand
      Saskatoon                                                             Till                            Aquitard
                     Battleford
                                                                 Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay              Battleford Aquifer
                                            Upper                           Till                            Aquitard
                                        Riddell (Middle)              Gravel, Sand                   Upper Floral Aquifer
                     Floral                                                 Till                            Aquitard
                                            Lower                Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay            Lower Floral Aquifer
                                                                            Till                            Aquitard
                                                                            Till                            Aquitard
                     Warman
                                                                 Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay              Warman Aquifer
                                                                            Till                            Aquitard
                                            Upper
                                                                 Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay           Upper Dundurn Aquifer
                     Dundurn                                                Till                            Aquitard
      Sutherland
                                            Lower                Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay           Lower Dundurn Aquifer
                                                                            Till                            Aquitard
                                                                            Till                            Aquitard
                                            Upper
                     Mennon                                      Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay               Mennon Aquifer
                                                                            Till                            Aquitard
                                            Upper          Gravel, Sand, Silt, Clay (Proglacial)
      Empress                                              Chert and Quartzite Sand on Gravel               Aquifer
                                            Lower                     (Preglacial)
        Figure 7-6: Schematic Near Surface Hydrostratigraphy in the Jansen Project Area



          Data collection and QAQC
          The near surface hydrogeology of the project area was evaluated by SNC Lavalin Inc. (previously
          MDH Engineered Solution Corp.) from 2008 to 2011. The near surface groundwater system was
          studied for the selection of suitable surface facilities (e.g., tailings management area and other
          infrastructure) to reduce the risk of shallow, aquifer contamination due to the long-term brine
          migration beneath the salt tailings facility, and for potential sourcing of water.
          More than 200 boreholes were drilled for the hydrostratigraphic investigation, testing, and
          instrumentation (Figure 7-7). Over 100 monitoring wells (124 standpipe piezometers and 20
          vibrating wire piezometers) were installed around the surface tailings management area
          perimeters as well as other strategic places to conduct borehole geophysical logging, hydraulic
          testing (slug test and pumping test), and collect groundwater samples for the acquisition of
          hydrogeological data and baseline groundwater chemistry. Numerous slug tests and one long
          duration (14 days) step drawdown pumping test were conducted. The data were analysed to
          estimate the hydraulic parameters of the aquifers and aquitards (Table 7-3). Tri-axial permeability
          tests were conducted to estimate the vertical hydraulic conductivity of the formations. A
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                              Page 57


          groundwater monitoring network system was established within almost all near surface aquifers
          to better understand the groundwater flow system and potential hydraulic connection between
          aquifers.
        Table 7-3: Summary of Hydraulic Conductivity Values for the Near Surface Hydrostratigraphic Units

                                                                          Hydraulic Conductivity (m/s)
                          Formation
                                                               Minimum            Median                 Maximum

            Oxidized Saskatoon Group Sediments                  2.2E-09           3.5E-08                2.1E-06
                       Upper Floral Till*                       3.0E-11           7.5E-11                2.0E-10
                     Upper Floral Aquifer                       2.6E-08           8.3E-05                2.0E-03
                        Lower Floral Till                       5.0E-11           1.0E-10                1.6E-08
                     Lower Floral Aquifer                       1.0E-07           8.1E-05                1.6E-03
                         Warman Till*                           9.0E-11           9.5E-11                1.0E-10
                       Warman Aquifer                           1.4E-05           1.5E-05                1.6E-05
                     Upper Dundurn Till*                        3.0E-11           1.2E-10                2.0E-10
                    Upper Dundurn Aquifer                       1.3E-06           8.8E-06                1.7E-05
                        Mennon Aquifer                          4.3E-05           4.3E-04                5.7E-04
                   Empress Group Aquifer                        8.4E-06           9.3E-05                2.4E-03
           * Includes only the tri-axial permeability test results




          Quality Assurance and Quality Control (QA/QC) were utilized for all field work, analysis, and
          reporting. All work was completed using MDH trained engineers and professional hydrogeologists
          with provincial practicing licenses (Professional Engineer/ Professional Geoscientist). All drilling
          and installations were completed under the continuous supervision of trained engineers and
          geoscientists.
          All groundwater samples were collected and analysed in accordance with the groundwater
          sampling standards and procedures and the ISO/IEC 17025:2005 accredited Laboratory Quality
          Management System (ALS Laboratory and Maxxam). Standard Chain of Custody protocols were
          followed during handling and transportation of all samples. Laboratory QA testing was completed
          by submitting blind and duplicate samples for comparative testing.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 58




        Figure 7-7: Location Map of Boreholes and Monitoring Wells



          All data compiled within all reports (tables, spreadsheets, figures, borehole logs, cross-sections.
          etc.) was reviewed to reduce the potential for error. To assure the quality of the final reports, all
          draft reports were reviewed by a senior MDH engineer.
          Results and Interpretation
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 59


          The near surface drilling, sampling and testing successfully delineated multiple aquifers and
          aquitards (Figure 7-8) beneath the Tailings Management Area (TMA) and determined their
          hydraulic properties (Table 7-4). In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the level of detail in the
          hydrogeological investigations was sufficient to enable the development of a groundwater flow
          and contaminant transport model and formed the basis of groundwater protection from the brine
          migration. In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the silt and clay rich till of the Sutherland Group
          and the Saskatoon Group should act as the primary natural barriers to groundwater contamination
          at the tailings site based on the technical information available at the time of preparation of this
          report.

        7.3.2           Deep Hydrogeology
          Introduction
          In descending order, the deep groundwater system consists of seven major water bearing
          formations. These formations are described below with their implications.

              •    Mannville Aquifer: Presents significant risk to shaft construction; however, it is a potential
                   groundwater resource for mining and operation;

              •    Duperow Aquifer: May pose risk of water inflow into a shaft or a mine (if it is hydraulically
                   connected to the underlying water bearing formations);

              •    Souris River Aquifer: May pose potential risk of minor water inflow into a shaft or a mine
                   (if it is hydraulically connected to the underlying water bearing formations);

              •    Dawson Bay Aquifer: In close proximity to the mining horizon and generally interpreted as
                   dry (low permeability formation) in nature. May pose potential risk of water inflow into a
                   mine if hydraulically connected to adjacent aquifers;

              •    Winnipegosis Aquifer: May pose risk of water inflow into a mine from below when
                   inadequate cap rock for the brine disposal horizon occurs or its integrity is impacted from
                   the disposal operation.

              •    Winnipeg Sand Aquifer: Subsidiary brine water bearing formation for underground brine
                   disposal in the project area.

              •    Deadwood Aquifer: Principal brine water bearing formations for underground brine
                   disposal in the project area.
          The last two aquifers are usually named together as the brine disposal horizon. The deep
          hydrostratigraphy of the project area is summarized in Figure 7-8.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                  Page 60




          Note: The Interlake Formation within the Jansen Project area is found to be a low permeability formation and not considered an aquifer
          unit.

        Figure 7-8: Schematic Deep Hydrostratigraphy in the Jansen Project Area (modified based on
                     Figure 6-4)
          Data collection
          The deep hydrogeology of the project area was evaluated using oil field techniques by consultants
          (Schlumberger, Baker Hughes, Norwest, RESPEC, etc.). The deep groundwater system was
          investigated to assess potential risk of water inflow into a mine and to design a wellfield for the
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 61


          underground disposal of potash waste brine. Eleven drill holes were tested to acquire hydraulic
          properties of the major aquifers of interest such as the Dawson Bay formation, Winnipeg Sand
          formation and Deadwood formation. Four out of eleven deep drill holes focused on the deep
          hydrostratigraphic investigation, testing, and instrumentation within the brine disposal horizon.
          Two deep monitoring wells are continuously collecting the formation pore pressure and
          temperature data of the brine disposal horizon to assess potential impact from the ongoing
          disposal operations in other mine sites in Saskatchewan.
          Drill stem tests were performed in five exploration drill holes and two shaft pilot holes to assess
          the water deliverability potential of the Dawson Bay formation. The tests indicated the low
          permeability nature of this formation. Following the drill stem tests, Formation multi-tester (FMT)
          wireline tests were performed to measure the formation pore pressure and estimate the
          permeability values at several test points in 19 drill holes. Magnetic Resonance Logging was also
          conducted using Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) or Combinable Magnetic Resonance
          (CMR) tools to assess the water content in the formations in 25 drill holes. Five core plug samples
          from two exploration drill holes were additionally tested and analyzed in the independent
          laboratory “Core Laboratories, Inc.” in Houston to estimate the porosity and permeability of the
          Dawson Bay formation. The laboratory results from four samples indicated the low permeability
          nature of the formation except for one sample that showed a relatively high permeability value
          (338 mD). The Dawson Bay formation is considered one of the key hydrostratigraphic units for
          mine excavation, which overlies the Jansen mine level.
          Modular Formation Dynamics Tester (MDT), Vertical Interference Test (VIT), and Formation Multi-
          tester (FMT) tools were used in one deep drill hole to obtain hydraulic properties of the deep water
          bearing formations, with a special focus on the brine disposal horizon and caprock formations.
          Groundwater samples were also collected for baseline chemistry and isotope analysis. The MDT
          Live Fluid Analyzer (LFA) optical technique was utilized to ensure the sample quality by
          monitoring the fluid as it flows, its resistivity, and optical density. Mini-Frac and pressure falloff
          tests were performed to understand the formation pore pressure regime of the disposal horizon.
          A step rate injection test was conducted at the first potash waste disposal well to estimate the
          regulated wellhead injection pressure in accordance with the disposal and injection well regulatory
          requirements.
          The data from all tests were analysed to characterize the major water bearing formations and
          compiled for the use of analytical and numerical brine disposal wellfield modelling. Table 7-4
          provides a summary of the hydraulic parameters and values for the brine disposal horizon.
          Hydrogeological Modelling
          To assess the risk associated with the brine disposal horizon and its sustainability, analytical
          models were developed by consultants (SNC Lavalin) from 2010 to 2019. In 2019, BHP Canada
          also developed a three-dimensional numerical brine disposal model using the industry standard
          groundwater modelling software FEFLOW to assess the formation pore pressure build-up and
          distribution during the disposal operation. The model was reviewed by an independent third party
          and updated based on the review comments and recommendations. An uncertainty analysis of
          the updated model was performed using a new probabilistic approach to quantify model
          uncertainties in 2022. BHP Canada additionally developed a three-dimensional reservoir
          geomechanical model to assess the risk and uncertainties associated with the brine disposal
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                        Page 62


          horizon and the overlying caprock. In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the Deadwood Aquifer and
          the Winnipeg Sand Aquifer are available for the disposal of waste brine and no material adverse
          impact in the brine disposal operation is expected for the Jansen Stage 1 at the time of preparation
          of this report. The risk and uncertainty associated with the long term sustainable capacity of the
          brine disposal horizon will be assessed as waste disposal operation begins and advances.


        Table 7-4: Summary of Hydraulic Parameters and Values Measured in Field for the Brine Disposal
         Horizon

                                   Permeability (mD)
          Formation                                           Porosity
                                                                                        Comments
            Name                                                (%)
                          Horizontal            Vertical
                                                                         Permeability values based on borehole
                                                                         logs. A large scale test (such as injection
                                                                         test) was not conducted to determine the
          Winnipeg
                           0.1 - 3000         Not Available     6 - 28   horizontal and vertical permeability values
           Sand
                                                                         due to the small thickness (~ 18 m) and
                                                                         minimum usable disposal reservoir
                                                                         interval (~ 8-9 m) of this formation.
                                                                         Permeability values based on MDT/MDT-
          Deadwood         288 - 403             29 - 43        3 - 28
                                                                         VIT/Injection Test




          Results and Interpretation
          The characterization of the major deep water bearing formations in the Jansen Project area is in
          agreement with the regional hydrogeological understanding of the Western Canada Sedimentary
          Basin and the Williston Basin.
          Based on the hydrogeological and geophysical information available at the time of preparation of
          this report, the Dawson Bay formation is characterized as a low permeability unit in the Jansen
          area and has relatively low water inflow deliverability potential. In the Qualified Person’s opinion,
          the Dawson Bay formation is well understood.
          The characterization of the brine disposal horizon is also in agreement with the local and regional
          scale hydrogeological understanding. In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the horizon is
          available for the disposal of potash waste brine and no potential adverse impact on its disposal
          capacity is expected.

7.4     Geotechnical Data, Testing, and Analysis
          Geotechnical data was acquired through two testing programs. The first testing program was
          completed by independent consultant “RESPEC”, through samples acquired from three
          exploration drill holes. Testing consisted of Brazilian indirect tensile strength (BRZ), constant
          strain rate (CSR), constant mean stress (CMC) and tri-axial compression creep (TCC). The
          results of these tests were used as input values for modelling.
          The second testing program was completed at the University of Saskatchewan “Rock Mechanics
          Lab”, with samples acquired from six exploration drill holes. Tests conducted included,
          Unconfined Compressive Strength (UCS) and acoustic velocity, with all tests occurring in salt.
          Due to the age and unknown handling of the core, these tests were not included in the modelling
          work.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                          Page 63


          Tests for the Dawson Bay Formation and Second Red Beds were acquired from two exploration
          holes. Five CSR tests were completed for the Dawson Bay formation and four were completed
          for the Second Red Beds. The intent of the CSR test is to determine the elastic properties of the
          sample. Also completed for the Second Red Beds were seven BRZ tests. The tensile strength
          tests provide inputs into evaluating the tensile strength of the roof and floor of an excavation.
          Mechanical testing in the Prairie Evaporite consisted of BRZ, CSR, CMC and TCC. Samples were
          acquired from all three exploration drill holes. Tests completed, included, thirty-six BRZ tests,
          twenty-one CSR tests, forty-one CMC tests and twenty five TCC tests.
          CMC tests were run at a temperature setting of 20°C. The intent of running the CMC tests was to
          determine the location-specific dilation characteristics and to use that location dilation data to
          estimate the parameter values in a dilation equation. The CMC test data showed a fairly
          consistent trend for all tests where the level of stress difference required to initiate dilation usually
          increased with the increase in mean stress. The CMC data was used to compare against the
          linear tri-axial compression equation. The result were non-linear values that plotted above the
          linear criterion at a low mean stress and below the linear criterion at high mean stress.
          For the TCC tests, setup parameters included, temperature set to 27°C, confining pressure at 20
          MPa with applied stress differences of 6.9, 10, 15 and 20 MPa. The purpose of the TCC test is to
          determine the axial strain over time within the sample. The results showed that strain rates started
          high immediately after the axial stress difference was applied, slowing to a near constant rate of
          strain with time. The predicted steady-state strain rates generally correlated well with the
          calculated steady-state strain rates.
          From the TCC tests, the estimated stress exponent for roof and floor salts was n = 3.6. For potash
          ore the estimated stress exponent was n = 5. The laboratory creep data parameters utilized for
          the Jansen mine design are within the expected range for the potash basin. The validation
          process for the geotechnical parameters has been initiated with installation of geotechnical
          instrumentation within the shaft barrel and shaft stations. The shaft pillar ground monitoring
          program has been planned to further quantify the actual creep rates for each cutting horizon.
          The test results are listed in Table 7-5 for the CSR tests and Table 7-6 for the BRZ tests.
        Table 7-5: CSR test results
           Sample Location              Quantity        Average Young’s Modulus         Average Poisson’s ratio
                                                                  (GPa)
           Dawson Bay                     5                   47.02 +/- 6.35                   0.25 +/- 0.08
           Second Red Beds                4                   17.23 +/- 3.22                   0.12 +/- 0.01
           Potash                         9                       19.03                            0.16
           Salt                           12                      25.79                            0.14

        Table 7-6: BRZ test results
               Sample Location          Quantity                    Average Tensile Strength (MPa)
           Second Red Beds                 7                                 2.93 +/- 1.36
           Salt                           21                                 1.62 +/- 0.33
           Potash                         15                                 2.13 +/- 0.70



          In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the tests completed are those necessary to develop models for
          the assessment of short and long term stability conditions in Prairie Evaporite and into the Second
          Red Beds and Dawson Bay. Samples within the Prairie Evaporite covered the UPL, LPL and BP
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 64


          potash units and salt layers in between, which is necessary to understand what may cause ground
          instability.
          The geotechnical samples represent mining areas at the northwest, central and southern end of
          the lease. In the Qualified Person’s opinion the sampling seemed sparse, however, given the
          consistent results acquired from other properties within the Basin when compared to the Jansen
          samples, it provides confidence that the rock will behave similarly.

7.5     Exploration Target
          There was no exploration work conducted during the period. Therefore, no exploration results are
          included in this report.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 65



8       Sample Preparation, Analyses, and Security
8.1     Sample Preparation Methods and Quality Control Measures
8.1.1 Methods
          Mineralized zones in each of the Jansen drill holes completed by BHP Canada were subject to
          coring and geochemical analysis. The salt beam between the UPL and LPL was included in the
          geochemical analysis. Once the core was recovered from each new drill hole, logged,
          photographed on site, and wrapped in waterproof plastic to protect the carnallite sections, the
          cores were securely transferred from the drill site to BHP Canada’s core lab in Saskatoon. The
          core box summary sheet, core transport waybill, and hard copy geophysical well logs
          accompanied the core.
          The climate-controlled core lab facility rented from the Saskatchewan Research Council –
          Saskatoon (SRC) was equipped with roller tables, core racks, work tables, rock saw and crusher,
          lift trolleys, dust collector, and air compressor. SRC provided saw and crusher operators, as
          required. Air quality was monitored periodically or at the request of core lab geologists.
          Temperature and humidity were monitored and recorded twice daily, because carnallite is
          deliquescent and therefore sensitive to atmospheric moisture.
          Geological consultant company Norwest Corp. compiled geological reports for each BHP Canada
          exploration hole, field records originated from wellsite geologists, drilling supervisors and coring
          contractors. Norwest Corp. geologists, who were trained in potash logging, operated the core lab.
          After the core was delivered, it was unloaded onto roller tables. Geologists ensured all core runs
          were properly oriented in the boxes and depths were corrected to match the geophysical well
          logs. The core was then subject to descriptive logging completed electronically on spreadsheets
          and emailed to BHP Canada geologists. (i.e., lithology, texture, crystal sizes, contacts, colour,
          sedimentary structures, constituents, fossils, and geotechnical features), and high-resolution
          colour photography. Sample interval selection completed with collaboration with BHP Canada
          geologists. A flow chart of the core logging process is shown in Figure 8-1.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                            Page 66




        Figure 8-1: Core logging and sampling workflow
          If the core was selected for geotechnical testing, the photographs were reviewed for quality
          assurance and provided to the geotechnical consultants (RESPEC) from a secure file transfer
          site.
          The units of interest (i.e., Upper Patience Lake (UPL), Lower Patience Lake (LPL), and Belle
          Plaine (BP)) were slabbed by SRC crews at the core laboratory under the direction of Norwest
          Corp. geologists. The slabbed core was divided into sample intervals as determined by the
          geologists in conjunction with senior potash geology consultants (North Rim).
          Sample intervals were based on lithology and ranged in size from 2 centimetre to a maximum of
          25 centimetre. Sampling began a minimum of 0.5 metres above the top of the UPL through to a
          minimum of 0.5 metres below the base of the LPL and then from a minimum of 0.5 metres above
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 67


          the top of BP to a minimum of 0.5 metres below the base of the BP. Slabbed intervals were
          photographed.
          After the sample intervals and measurements were marked on the core and recorded in the
          logging Excel worksheet, one of the slabbed halves was quartered and one of the quarters was
          subsequently split into the noted intervals for geochemical analysis. The other quarter was
          packaged into plastic sleeves and reserved for shipment to the Government of Saskatchewan
          Subsurface Geological Laboratory in Regina, together with the entire core above and below the
          units of interest, as required by the regulations. The remaining slabbed half of the LPL was
          packaged for shipment to SGS Lakefield for metallurgical testing.
          Norwest Corp. core lab geologists and senior potash consultant (North Rim) regularly transferred
          the logging, sample interval sheets, whole core photographs, and slabbed core photographs to
          BHP Canada for storage on the file server at the Saskatoon office. Each step followed proper
          procedures and documentation as well as cross checking between consultants and BHP Canada
          personal.
          Historical drill hole reports, logging, collar location surveys and core assay data were acquired
          from the Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and Resources database. All historical and BHP
          Canada drill hole core are available at the Saskatchewan Subsurface Geological Laboratory for
          storage and public access.

8.1.2 Sample Security
          Chain of custody protocols were implemented, covering the sampling process from core collection
          at the drilling site, through sampling at the core laboratory, and to sample delivery to the analytical
          laboratory. These included:

              •    Boxing, labelling, and sealing of the core at the drill site before transferring to the
                   laboratory preparation facility

              •    Photographing the core at the drill site then before and after sample selection

              •    Despatch requests were sent with the samples and emailed directly to the laboratory

              •    Laboratory confirmation of sample receipt

              •    Emailing the analysis results directly to BHP Canada

              •    Returning leftover samples to BHP Canada for storage
          Additionally, in the core laboratory, before sampling, the core was verified against the in-situ
          collected geophysical logs and any discrepancies were addressed.
          No sample security documentation is available for the historical holes.

8.2     Sample Preparation, Assaying and Analytical Procedures
          During BHP Canada’s drilling campaign (2008, 2009) 3,956 samples were collected. The length
          of the samples was variable (average sample length 15 centimetres) to capture key geological
          features. Sampling protocols and procedures are aligned with industry standard practices. The
          sample preparation protocols (crushing and pulverising sizing requirements, etc.) at laboratories
          meet standards defined in contracts in line with ISO standards, with QA/QC targets established.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 68


          BHP Canada submitted samples for geochemical analysis to SRC Analytical Laboratories -–
          Saskatoon, which is independent of BHP. SRC analysed all the geochemical samples using the
          Inductively Coupled Plasma – Optical Emission Spectroscopy (ICP-OES) method. Metallurgical
          testing of all metallurgical samples was conducted in SGS Lakefield Ltd. laboratory. SGS is a
          commercial facility and is independent of BHP. Both laboratories are ISO/IEC 17025 certified.
          The samples were analyzed for the following: Soluble ICP CaO, K2O, Na2O and MgO wt%, wt%
          insoluble, wt% moisture, as part of the potash exploration package. The geochemistry analysis
          method termed “POT” by SRC.
          Historical drilling (1952-1965) contributed 1,170 samples with variable sampling interval
          thicknesses to the exploration data set. Historical drill hole samples collected by Kerr-McGee
          Corporation were processed in their internal laboratory (Kerr-McGee Research Laboratory) by
          titration method.
          Once the quartered core was cut into selected sample intervals, the samples were jaw crushed
          by SRC crews on site at the core lab. AA revision was made to the POT method after sampling
          the first core when it was discovered that crushing was too fine to enable the metallurgical testing
          of reject material. Initially, samples were crushed to 60 per cent at -2 millimetres. The standard
          operating procedure for the POT method was subsequently revised, and all subsequent samples
          were crushed to -6 millimetres. A comparison of analytical results from samples subjected to both
          crushing resolutions has verified that the degree of crushing does not materially affect the
          analyses. This parameter is continually monitored as part of the QA/QC program by comparing
          the analytical results of inserted site duplicate samples.
          After the sample was crushed, a 100 gram to 200 gram sub-sample was split out using a riffler
          splitter, and transferred to a sealed plastic vial for transport to the SRC Geoanalytical lab. The
          reject crushed material was stored by SRC in sealed pails at a separate storage location.
          At the SRC facility, the samples were pulverized to -106 microns using a puck and ring mill, and
          were then submitted for analysis. Pulps were analyzed for solubles, insolubles, and moisture
          content. Solubles were analyzed by Inductively Coupled Plasma - Optical Emission Spectroscopy
          (ICP-OES).

8.3     Quality Control /Quality Assurance Procedures
          BHP Canada defined a Quality Control/Quality Assurance (QA/QC) program to ensure an
          appropriate level of confidence in the accuracy, precision and control of contamination of the
          geochemical data derived from core sampling and analysis. Precision is the capability of
          consistently repeating the results of a certain measurement in a similar condition, accuracy is the
          proximity to a certain measurement to a real or accepted value and the contamination is the
          unintentional transfer of material from one sample to another during the process. This program
          includes standards, blanks, as well as laboratory and site duplicates. All the BHP Canada control
          samples were inserted “blind” within the batches delivered to the SRC laboratory thereby not
          being disclosed to the laboratory as is standard industry practice.
          Standards
          The standard samples employed were selected based on their mineralogical characteristics to
          ensure a wider spread of QA/QC check validity for the relevant mineralogical compositions. BHP
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                       Page 69


          Canada inserted 2.5 per cent (1 in 40) standards to check primarily for analytical accuracy and
          secondarily for analytical precision. SRC results demonstrated good performance for K2O
          analysis, all lie within +/-5 per cent error range. MgO results were within +/-10 per cent error range
          except for <1 per cent of the samples. Na2O samples performed well in the 32.49 %Na2O
          standard. Results were all inside the +/-2.5 per cent error range. However the standard containing
          only 1.61 %Na2O, 7 per cent of the samples were presenting more than a 10 per cent error. As is
          to be expected at low to very low levels for these compounds some samples present values that
          are out of acceptance limits. Similarly, analyses for insolubles and moisture determination, which
          are generally at low to very low levels, also present poorer accuracy and precision as a
          consequence of working close to lower detection limits of the methodologies used to make these
          determinations. In the case of analyses for moisture analytical quality may also be due to the
          exposure of the cores to varying environmental conditions. (i.e. humidity and temperature).
          Analytical Blanks
          Analytical blanks (coarse or fine material i.e. silica sand with negligible levels of the main elements
          of interest) were inserted to check for cross contamination during the pulverization and analytical
          stages and as a check on analytical precision and accuracy. A total of 96 blanks inserted
          containing K2O at 0.09 per cent, MgO at 0.0076 per cent, Na2O at 0.11 per cent and the moisture
          at 0.08 per cent being constituted entirely of insoluble residue at 98.98 per cent. Blanks were also
          employed to verify the laboratories real lower detection limits. SRC’s performance with the
          analytical blanks was very good. A few samples (<2 per cent) indicated some very minor
          contamination from earlier samples in either preparation or analyses, however the level of
          contamination never exceeded (0.38 %K2O) and is considered close to established analytical
          precision and accuracy.
          Site duplicates
          Site duplicates are included to test representativity and variability of taking two separate crushed
          drill core samples from the sample length of core. These duplicate samples are generated after
          crushing and being split off using a riffle splitter for the analytical work. 97 per cent site duplicates
          fell within the +/-10 per cent tolerance level for the entire suite for K2O, MgO and Na2O analyses.
          Laboratory Duplicates
          BHP Canada inserted laboratory pulp duplicates to test laboratory precision (reproducibility) of
          the various analyses performed. Data for the insolubles, mostly fell within the +/- 10 per cent error
          bars, with a few pairs falling slightly outside this when the insoluble content got below 5 per cent,
          more so below 2 per cent.
          SRC Geoanalytical Laboratories Internal QA/QC
          SRC Geoanalytical Laboratories also undertake internal quality control measures and data
          verification procedures. These included the preparation and insertion of standards one in every
          20 samples and laboratory duplicates (repeats), one in every 40 samples to each analytical batch.
          Instrumentations were calibrated according to ISO/IEC 17025. These data were reported to BHP
          Canada.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 70


          SRC performed well with the standards as K2O, MgO and Na2O all were within 5 per cent
          tolerance range. Laboratory duplicate pairs all fell within +/-10 per cent with most pairs being in
          +/-5 per cent error ranges for K2O, MgO and Na2O.
          Data Verification
          The assay data collected by BHP Canada were checked against geophysical logging data for
          every drill hole. This process provides additional verification of the collected assay sample data.
          For the validation of SRC’s analyses, a subset of 193 samples was analyzed by another
          geoanalytical laboratory (SGS Lakefield), and compared to the SRC results. As previously
          mentioned, SRC’s analytical method is ICP-OES. However, the analytical method used by SGS
          is titration, which analyzes for K and not K2O, and the results must be converted to K2O (%K x
          1.2 = %K2O). Since K2O is the compound of principal interest, the %K2O determinations formed
          the basis of the comparison.
          A slight bias was noted in the SRC data, reported as slightly higher K2O values on average than
          SGS. Because both labs are providing very similar values for the standards, duplicate pairs and
          blanks, it is difficult to determine which lab is reporting the “correct” values for %K 2O. However,
          this bias is minor therefore the Qualified Person’s opinion is that the analytical variation for the
          different %K2O determinations from the two labs is within acceptable limits of analytical variation
          and tolerance.
          Historical Drill hole data verification
          Historical drill holes represent approximately 50 per cent of the total drill holes, totalling 1,170
          samples. The analytical data associated with these historical drill holes, which had been collected
          in the period of 1956-1965, does not possess any QA/QC information from that period, as was
          typical at that time. BHP Canada has validated the quality of this analytical information through a
          review of the geology of the drill hole cores (relogging) and statistical comparisons against the
          BHP Canada collected data (3,956 samples). To ensure confidence in this historical data, BHP
          Canada drilled one twin hole 17 metres from a historical hole. Overall K2O grade for the LPL zone
          in both drill holes were in agreement. The average grade of the K2O interval in the historical hole
          was 26.8 per cent compared to the BHP Canada twin hole was 26.5 per cent.
          The statistical analysis showed that the quality of the K2O geochemical analysis done on the
          historical data is statistically not different from the analysis done on the BHP Canada collected
          samples.
          The statistical analysis done on the historical insoluble analysis indicated that these
          measurements contain a systematic bias compared to the BHP Canada data, therefore insoluble
          data from the historical drill holes was not used in the resource estimation.
          Discussion and Qualified Person’s Opinion
          The deposit shows limited grade variability. This is demonstrated by the relatively simple mineral
          composition characteristics, lack of structural complexity, and the continuous nature of the
          mineralization. The K2O grade average is 25.6 per cent for the historic drill holes and 25.9 per
          cent for the BHP Canada drill holes.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 71


          Historical drill hole data was manually entered from the copies sourced from the Saskatchewan
          Ministry of Energy and Resources database. An internal review of the data entered against the
          source files was completed and entry errors corrected.
          BHP Canada exploration data is managed internally using processes and systems that follow the
          BHP Canada data management procedures and protocols. The BHP Canada potash exploration
          database has a security model, which restricts user access to those with supervisor approval and
          the system tested and reviewed yearly. All primary data sources for the drill holes are stored on
          a secure server that is backed up routinely.
          BHP Canada’s modelling work procedures require statistical checks to ensure the data used for
          interpretation honours the exploration database source data.
          In the opinion of the Qualified Person the sampling procedures and analytical data control
          processes undertaken by SRC ensure data of sufficient accuracy, precision and control of
          contamination for the main chemical elements of interest and that the data is suitable to support
          resource estimation. Additionally in the opinion of the Qualified Person the historical K2O values
          were found to be suitable to be used in resource estimation.

8.4     Opinion on Adequacy
          The Qualified Person’s opinion is that drill core logging, core sample selection, preparation, assay,
          and security measures taken to ensure the validity and integrity of the samples and all QA/QC
          measures during these stages in both historical drilling and BHP Canada exploration drilling are
          adequate and acceptable. Data collection and quality is to industry best practices to support the
          current resource model and is adequate in terms of accuracy and precision for the main elements
          of interest, K2O, MgO, and Na2O at the level of interest.

8.5     Non-Conventional Industry Practice
          There were no procedures followed that are not part of conventional potash industry practices.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 72



9       Data Verification
9.1     Data Verification Procedures
9.1.1 External Reviews
          As confirmation of the mineral reserve and resource process, third-party consultants are
          occasionally hired to perform verification studies. The Jansen Mineral Resources were most
          recently reviewed by an independent third party in May 2020. That review included database
          checks and concluded that the database supporting the geological information of the resource
          estimate is complete and complies with mining industry standards. The review did not identify any
          major issues with the geological model or resource estimate. All issues identified have been
          addressed and no update to the resource estimate has been made. No changes in the geological
          modelling or resource estimate processes have been implemented since the 2020 review.
          Assay database verification was undertaken by a contracted database company hosting the
          acQuire database. Any new data input into the database underwent strict verification to ensure
          the data was accurate. Any issues with data caused the database to reject the dataset and an
          error report was generated to reflect any issues with import. When this occurred, the data was
          corrected by a BHP Canada representative in charge of the database maintenance and re-
          imported. Administrative access to the database was restricted to a single user.
          After the transfer of the assay data from the acQuire database to the OpenWorks database, a
          database verification process was carried out to ensure that the data was transferred properly.
          During the currently ongoing OpenWorks to EPOS data transfer, similar QA/QC processes were
          put in place to check the data integrity and potential errors.
          In 2006 and 2007 extensive review of historical holes were conducted by NorthRim Exploration.

9.1.2 Internal Reviews
          An independent internal review of the sampling and data collection was undertaken after the
          completion of the BHP Canada drilling program at Jansen in 2012, and on the geophysical data
          collection and interpretation in 2015. QP’s had been involved in reviews. No material risks to the
          project were identified and all key recommendations have been completed.
          A twin hole was drilled 17 metres away from one historical drill hole and the results were
          compared. The grade difference was within an acceptable range.
          A self-audit was performed by the QP for historical drill hole geochemical data in the database
          back to the original data to verify the quality of the original manual database input in 2019. Overall,
          the historical drill hole database geochemical entry error was negligible. In summary, data
          verification for the Jansen has been performed by BHP Canada staff, and external consultants
          contracted by BHP Canada.

9.2     Limitations
          Excessive drill holes are not desirable in potash mining as they may present a risk for an inflow
          by connecting mine openings to the above or below aquifers. The spacing between drill holes is
          approximately 3.6 kilometres. However, the drill hole spacing is supported by both geological
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 73


          considerations and aligned with Saskatchewan Potash industry practices. The drilling program
          was supported with 3D seismic surveys for detailed resource characterization.

9.3     Opinion on Data Adequacy
          The historical data collected (1956-1965) has no QA/QC data available. BHP Canada has verified
          the quality of this information through a review of the geology of the cores (relogging) and
          statistical comparisons against the BHP Canada collected data (3,956 samples). It is the Qualified
          Person’s opinion that the historical K2O values are suitable to be used in resource estimation. The
          statistical analysis done on the historical insoluble analysis indicated that these measurements
          contain a systematic bias compared to the BHP Canada data, therefore insoluble data from the
          historical drill holes was not used in the resource estimation.
          The Qualified Person’s opinion is that Jansen drill hole data and other supporting geological data
          align with accepted industry practices and are adequate for use in mineral reserve and mineral
          resource estimation.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 74



10      Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing
        Metallurgical testing for the Jansen project occurred in several phases. The initial test work was
        conducted at SGS Lakefield (SGS) to investigate the amenability of the Jansen ore to recovery
        by froth flotation and to get an estimate of the recovery that could be expected. SGS is a
        commercial facility and is independent of BHP. The SGS test work using core samples
        representing the Lower Patience Lake mining horizon of the Jansen orebody, was completed
        between December 2008 and June 2009. Additional metallurgical test work was performed
        initially at Eriez Flotation Division, USA in 2015 to verify flotation equipment technology selection
        and later at the Saskatchewan Research Council (SRC) in Saskatoon between August 2016 and
        August 2017 to verify process equipment selection and process design. The SRC laboratory is
        independent of the BHP. The ore used for the 2015-2017 test programs was from remaining
        Jansen drill core and representative sourced ore from an operating Saskatchewan potash mine
        that was determined in the QP’s opinion to be representative of the Jansen run-of-mine ore.
        Additional supporting test work was completed in 2018 that duplicated the 2015-2017 test
        programs with ore from the shaft sinking program which was from the Jansen Lower Patience
        Lake formation. The ore from the 2018 testing program was determined to be representative of
        the Jansen run-of-mine ore in components and particle size.

10.1 Testing and Procedures
          Initial metallurgical test work was performed from 2009 to 2018 to confirm assumptions and to
          generate process design data where none previously existed. The process design parameters
          requiring quantification during the test work programs included:

              •    Liberation size determination to indicate what comminution (particle size distribution) is
                   required

              •    Influence of process water on flotation performance

              •    Effectiveness of insoluble mineral liberation processes as water insolubles must be mostly
                   removed before flotation

              •    Reagent type, dosage, and method of application

              •    Degree of variability in potash recovery results across the ore-body under standard test
                   conditions

              •    Recovery and product grade achievable during locked cycle tests

              •    Flotation product size distribution

              •    Settling rate of liberated insoluble minerals for equipment sizing

              •    Flotation recovery and throughput expectations with chosen flotation equipment for mass
                   balance and equipment sizing

              •    Product leaching kinetics for equipment sizing and process design

              •    Hot leaching tests for crystallization process design

              •    Variability testing to better understand coarse and fine flotation performance with varying
                   feed characteristics, feed rates, equipment operating parameters, and reagent rates. This
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 75


                   was completed to enhance understanding for process design and for programming of
                   dynamic simulation.
          To determine the assays of key elements in the test work (e.g., potassium [K], sodium [Na],
          calcium [Ca], and magnesium [Mg]), accuracy of various analytical methods were compared,
          including:

              •    Atomic emission spectroscopy (AES)

              •    Atomic absorption spectroscopy (AAS)

              •    Inductively coupled plasma spectroscopy (ICP)

              •    Whole rock analysis (WRA)
          This comparison resulted in selecting the AES technique to determine K and Na assays, and the
          AAS technique to determine Ca and Mg assays. Analyses of water insoluble minerals within the
          ore (i.e., insoluble minerals) were determined using ICP scan and WRA techniques.
          Key data generated from the early metallurgical test program, in conjunction with test work
          performed in the later study phases was used to validate the process simulation model used for
          developing the Jansen processing flowsheets and mass balance.

10.2 Sample Representativeness
          For the SGS metallurgical test program, seventeen core samples from the Lower Patience Lake
          (LPL) ore horizon were provided to SGS for metallurgical and mineralogical characterization.
          In total, 531 kilograms (kg) of samples were available for test work as 402 kg of slabbed core,
          plus an additional 129 kg of residual crushed core that remained after a quarter of the core from
          each ore horizon was crushed. After assay, samples were split out as required.
          Metallurgical test work and chemical characterization was performed on the following samples,
          which provided a relatively high degree of representativity to the ore in the Jansen ore body and
          planned mining areas

              •    17 individual drill holes

              •    Five regional composite samples

              •    One global composite sample
          Detailed mineralogical analysis and chemical characterization was performed on the following
          samples:

              •    Designated Head sample

              •    Insoluble mineral seams 401 through 406 from head sample

              •    Head samples of regional composite samples, including a global composite sample

              •    Metallurgical products, including flotation concentrate and tailing samples
          As received, the crushed reject samples were prepared separately according to their Jansen
          designations. Each of the reject samples from a drill hole were combined, crushed to −10 mesh
          (−1.70 millimetres) and rotary split into 1 kg charges for use during flowsheet development testing.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 76


          A single 1 kg charge from each drill hole was further riffled to produce a 150 gram sample that
          was submitted for chemical analysis.
          Samples from each drill core were ultimately crushed to −8 mesh (−2.36 millimetres), then
          blended and homogenized. Two 5 kg subsamples from each Jansen sample were set aside for
          regional composite sample preparation. The remainder of the crushed and homogenized sample
          from each hole was rotary split into numerous 1 kg charges for use in subsequent testing. A
          representative sample from each Jansen composite sample was submitted for chemical analysis.
          Global and regional composites designated as northern, eastern, southern, western, deep south,
          and global were formulated according to the geographical locations of the drill holes. Each
          composite sample was prepared by combining 5 kg of the core sample from each drill hole of the
          region. The composite samples were then riffled and rotary split into numerous representative 1
          kg charges for use in subsequent testing.
          Figure 10-1 shows a map of the Jansen ore-body with individual drill core sample locations and
          division of the ore-body into various regions by geography.




        Figure 10-1: Geographical regions for metallurgical testing.



          The SGS metallurgical program consumed most of the available drill core that could provide
          representative samples of the entire Jansen orebody that was part of the mining plan. It provided
          evidence that the Jansen ore body could be processed with froth flotation and at high recoveries.
          Further test work used other sources of ore that are discussed below.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 77


          Metallurgical test work that occurred between 2015 and 2017 had ore from two sources. The first
          was an existing Saskatchewan potash operation that supplied BHP Canada with ore. This
          sourced ore was of similar potassium chloride, sodium chloride, and water insoluble grades as
          Jansen ore. The particle size distribution of the sourced ore was also similar to anticipated Jansen
          run-of-mine ore. The sourced ore came from the Upper Patience Lake member, while BHP
          Canada plans to extract ore from the Lower Patience Lake member. The differences identified in
          the ore from these members are not, in the opinion of the Qualified Person, significant to the test
          program. In particular, the UPL has higher KCl and NaCl content variations, and can have lower
          water insoluble content. However, any BHP Canada test work involved water insoluble removal,
          so water insoluble content does not impact the flotation test work in any material respect. The
          sourced ore characteristic that differed from Jansen ore was the components of the water
          insolubles and the potential impact it could have on fine flotation. The Jansen process design has
          a water insoluble removal circuit that ensures minimal water insolubles arrive at coarse flotation.
          Therefore, it is the opinion of the Qualified Person, that the sourced ore was representative of the
          Jansen ore after undergoing water insoluble removal as per the Jansen design. Accordingly, it
          was determined to be reasonable for the sourced ore to be used for metallurgical testing for the
          coarse flotation circuit, as well as the desliming/attrition scrubbing circuit. The second ore source
          used for test work during this period was residual Jansen drill core. The Jansen ore used in this
          test work program was a blended sample of residual drill core cuttings made to be representative
          of the ore in the Jansen mine plan. The unit operations tested with this ore were attrition scrubbing,
          coarse flotation, fine flotation, and fine scavenger pneumatic flotation.
          The 2018 metallurgical test program was conducted to further verify performance expectations in
          attrition-scrubbing, coarse flotation, fine flotation, scavenger pneumatic flotation, hot leaching of
          flotation tails, and to conduct further variability testing. The ore source for this test program was
          from the shaft sinking operations at Jansen. When the shaft sinking operations went through the
          Lower Patience Lake member 600 tonnes of ore were taken to SRC. Separate piles of the ore
          were sized and assayed to allow the creation of a composite head sample that was representative
          of the Jansen mine plan ore. The composite head sample was representative in KCl, NaCl, and
          water insoluble content, as well as in particle size distribution. It is the opinion of the Qualified
          Person that this composite sample was representative of the future feed to the Jansen process
          plant, and was acceptable for this metallurgical testing program.
          The ore from the shaft excavation operations was also used in equipment testing with vendors.
          The type of testing done was for equipment sizing or for performance testing, and was carried out
          with the vendors. The type of testing that was done was for wet screening, centrifuge
          performance, thickener sizing, pipe flow kinetics, and for bulk material handling equipment. In
          each case BHP Canada worked with SRC and the vendors to verify that the samples used in the
          test programs match the material balance expectations.

10.3 Laboratories
          Test work, first conducted by SGS Lakefield to investigate potash recovery using core samples
          representing the LPL mining horizon of the Jansen ore-body, was completed between December
          2008 and June 2009. Subsequent flotation test work was conducted at the Eriez Flotation
          Division, USA in 2015. Process design verification work was completed by the Saskatchewan
          Research Council (SRC) in Saskatoon between August 2016 and August 2017 on the remaining
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 78


          Jansen ore and a sourced ore. Additional supporting test work was completed in 2018 once the
          shaft sinking program reached the LPL formation and a bulk sample of Jansen ore was obtained.
          Both SGS Lakefield and SRC are independent, well respected labs that perform potash
          metallurgical test work for the mining industry. Both labs are ISO/IEC 17025 certified and use
          standards and procedures that are proven in the mining industry.

10.4 Relevant Results
          2008/2009 Test work
          Mineralogical and chemical characterization of head samples indicated a high degree of liberation
          of sylvite in all size fractions. Mineralogically limited grade-recovery curves, generated using
          QEMSCAN technology, indicated that a theoretical sylvite recovery of 90 per cent should be
          possible at the targeted grade of 60 % K2O. This has been supported by metallurgical flotation
          test work as demonstrated in the following sections.
          Heavy liquid testing determined the liberation size of the Jansen ore as being slightly coarser than
          1.18 millimetres (14 Tyler mesh), which is consistent with the sizes observed at other Saskatoon
          area potash mines.
          Following two stages of attrition scrubbing and desliming, potash recovery using a flotation
          process has ranged from 89.3 per cent to 95.7 per cent during variability tests performed on
          individual core samples, and regional composite samples. Recovery efficiencies averaging 89.7
          per cent with concentrate grades of 60.4 % K2O were achieved during locked cycle tests. These
          results were strongly aligned with GeoMet predictive analysis.
          2015-2017 Test work
          Test work was performed during this period to validate the process design changes, with the goal
          of verifying the same beneficiation in the process mass balance can be achieved. This involved
          verifying the concentrate grade and recovery could be achieved.
          Attrition scrubbing and cyclone desliming tests were performed to verify scrubber design
          parameters and to prepare samples for flotation tests.
          Flotation tests were performed to prove fine flotation using flotation columns, (Eriez, Flotation
          Division, USA; and SRC), coarse flotation using hydrofloats (Eriez, Flotation Division, USA; and
          SRC), and ultra-fine flotation using self-aspirated pneumatic flotation cells (SRC).
          Metallurgical testing was performed to verify technology selection and initial performance
          expectations for coarse, fine, and ultra-fine flotation technology. This testing was conducted with
          sourced ore due to the limited availability of BHP Canada Jansen ore. Additional metallurgical
          testing was performed to verify the sourced ore was representative to the Jansen ore. The results
          of both the sourced ore and Jansen residual drill core verified the expected recovery, concentrate
          grade, and performance expectations of existing Jansen process design.
          Ore characteristics that require discussion are water insoluble content, mineralogy, and liberation
          size. Water insoluble content is critical to mill design because the majority of the insolubles must
          be removed prior to flotation. An excess of water insolubles in flotation feed results in the water
          insolubles absorbing the majority of the collector (amine) resulting in poor KCl flotation. In
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                       Page 79


          addition, some insolubles are more hydrophobic, which cause them to resist desliming and
          consume more depressant reagents.
          Neither sourced nor Jansen ore showed resistance to mechanical desliming. The sourced ore
          has a water insoluble content of 5 per cent to 5.6 per cent while the Jansen mine plan LPL member
          has a higher range of 5 per cent to 10.8 per cent, as seen in the BHP Canada design water
          insoluble grade of 7.44 per cent. This range was irrelevant to metallurgical testing because
          samples of both fine and coarse flotation testing were deslimed (water insolubles removed) prior
          to the testing to levels comparable to the BHP Canada design. Also, the BHP Canada desliming
          circuit is designed on metallurgical testing that was performed on BHP Canada Jansen ore, so it
          is robust enough to handle the higher water insoluble content.
          Liberation size needs to be considered. The Saskatchewan potash industry sees differing regional
          liberation, but this is not the case between the UPL member and the LPL member ores.
          Benchmarking of available literature shows that both members achieve 95 per cent liberation at
          1.2 millimetres. Metallurgical testing also shows very similar liberation curves for both LPL and
          UPL members. Therefore, it is the opinion of the Qualified Person, that use of UPL ore is
          acceptable to verify comparative technology selection for the BHP Canada Jansen processing
          facility. These tests demonstrated a range of grade-recovery points that support values used in
          the Jansen process design.
          These metallurgical tests demonstrated a performance that supports the process design for
          potassium chloride recovery. Testing was performed with coarse, fines, and scavenger pneumatic
          flotation lab-scale equipment that is representative of that used in the plant design.
          Reagent consumption levels during metallurgical test work were generally higher than those
          observed in industry, which is typical of laboratory scale testing. Reagent optimization work was
          performed during this period to further define consumption levels with Jansen LPL ore. However,
          standard Saskatchewan potash reagents were proven effective to achieve the required
          performance.
          2018 Test work
          In 2018 the Jansen shaft excavation program went through the Lower Patience Lake member.
          This ore was saved, and the test work that was performed in 2015-2017 was performed one
          additional time on ore from the Jansen shafts. The whole cross section of the LPL was captured
          and a sample representing the Jansen mill feed was created as a head sample for assurance of
          previous test work programs The test work program included attrition-scrubbing tests, rougher
          coarse flotation tests, scavenger coarse flotation tests regrind column flotation tests, fine column
          flotation tests, fine scavenger pneumatic flotation tests, and hot leaching tests of flotation tails. All
          of the 2018 tests verified the previous test work expectations, and confirmed the process design
          and performance expectations.
          The metallurgical testing results were inserted into the process simulation and the resulting
          simulated recovery was 91.3 per cent, plus an additional 1.9 per cent recovery from the addition
          of slimes leaching to the crystallizer circuit for an expected plant recovery of 93.2 per cent.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 80



10.4.1 Impact of ore variability on plant recovery
          A correlation between ore grade (KCl and Insolubles) and overall process recovery was
          developed by doing a double regression on the process simulation model runs completed at
          various KCl and insoluble ore grades. The relationship, which can be used to predict the impact
          of ore grade changes with or without proportional changes in the other component, can be
          represented by:
          Recovery = 86.20 + 0.25 × %KCl – 0.38 × %Insolubles
          With recovery and grade expressed as percentage numbers.
          This relationship is valid for ore grades ranging from approximately 38 % KCl up to 41 % KCl and
          from approximately 6.9 % Insolubles up to 8.0 % Insolubles (Figure 10-2, Figure 10-3). Below or
          above this range, the relationship is not expected to be linear and equipment is not designed to
          handle further excursions. Range analysis of the mine plan and ore body model has shown that
          expected hoisted ore grade and plant feed grade are generally expected to be within this range
          The design feed grade of the Jansen process plant is 39.4 % KCl.




        Figure 10-2: Percentage recovery vs. ore grade % KCl.
          The process simulation model indicates that for every 1 per cent increase in insoluble ore material,
          a loss of 0.38 per cent will be experienced in percentage recovery with KCl held constant. If a
          reduction in insoluble is partly made-up for by an increase in KCl, the equation above can be used
          to determine the combined impact of an increase in KCl and a decrease in Insolubles. The design
          water insoluble content of the Jansen process plant ore is 7.44 % KCl.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 81




        Figure 10-3: Percentage recovery vs. insolubles.
          The effect of fines and coarse content in the ore was investigated through the process simulation
          modelling and is shown below. Fine ore is any material that is below 100 mesh Tyler (0.15
          millimetres) and coarse ore is larger than 54 millimetres (Figure 10-4).




        Figure 10-4: Percentage recovery vs. fines and coarse content in ore.
          Ore grade variability will not only impact plant recovery, but also the amounts of different reagents
          required. However, it is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the limited range of ore variability
          indicated in the mine plan can be easily managed with the existing process design.

10.5 Adequacy of Data and Non-Conventional Industry Practice
          The Qualified Person validates that conventional practices were used in the metallurgical test
          work, process simulation, and evaluation of results. The only area that moved away from
          convention was in using a bulk ore sample for the final process design metallurgical test work.
          The initial 2008/2009 samples, that were representative of the whole orebody, were used up in
          the metallurgical testing at SGS that was based on the initial process design. As BHP Canada
          continued engineering, the design of the flotation circuits changed from bulk flotation to
          fines/coarse flotation. There was inadequate Jansen sample available for the complete
          metallurgical test work program, so purchased ore was used, and confirmation test work was
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 82


          done with a small amount of Jansen drill core available. The construction of the shafts also
          provided an additional opportunity to test the process design with Jansen ore. A bulk sample was
          obtained from the Jansen shaft excavation of LPL ore. This ore was analyzed to verify that it was
          geologically similar to the representative ore that had been drilled previously. The metallurgical
          test program was then duplicated using Jansen ore, and the Qualified Person validates that the
          results were as expected and previously reported.

10.6 Opinion on Influence for Economic Extraction
          In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the data derived from the various sources detailed above
          is adequate for design of processing facilities and provides suitable product grade/recovery
          predictions for use in production rates. Confidence is further increased with the use of proven
          equipment in the potash industry and numerous Saskatchewan companies processing ore of
          similar composition.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 83



11      Mineral Resources Estimates
          The resource estimation process that BHP Canada follows is well established, consistent with
          industry practices, and is based on the integration of 3D seismic data and drill hole information.
          A set of procedures governs geological interpretation, estimation, and reporting of Mineral
          Resources including peer reviews. Documentation of the resource modelling work used for
          reporting is stored electronically in a secure centralised location. These documents contain
          information on deposit extents, geometry, detailed geological and geostatistical modelling, data
          preparation including compositing, and classification parameters.
          The Mineral Resource qualified persons visited the sites regularly for program planning and
          reviews, gaining further understanding of the exploration program.

11.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters, and Methods Used
          Cut-off parameters
          The Mineral Resources are constrained stratigraphically, from the top of the 406 clay seam
          contact with the salt unit to a thickness of 3.96 metres. This thickness corresponds on average to
          the thickness measured from the top of the 406 clay seam to the bottom of the 402 clay seam.
          The style of mineralization and the mining method does not support selective mining based on
          quality cut-off values. The horizontal extent of the resource is defined by the occurrence of
          mapped anomalies and by a boundary that is 800 metres away from the lease edge.
          Mining factor

          The mineralization will be mined with continuous boring machines in a single pass within the
          stratigraphic bounds of the seam. During mining, it is expected that dilution from low-grade
          material cut from outside the stratigraphic markers may occur to maintain ground stability. The
          dilution is accounted for in the Mineral Reserves. Areas containing large numbers of hazardous
          geological features which do not allow practical extraction with the proposed mining method, are
          not included in the resource (Figure 7-2, Figure 11-2).
          Metallurgical factors
          Carnallite anomalies are mapped and included in the resource model with appropriate
          mineralogical parameters, as magnesium from the carnallite can interfere with ore processing.
          Insoluble content is also included as a resource model parameter because insoluble material is
          required to be removed during processing.
          The moisture content of the LPL sub-member is estimated to be 0.3 per cent based on analytical
          testing.
          An 800 metre wide zone from the lease boundary is excluded from the Mineral Resources, as it
          is assumed that no-mining will take place within 800 metres of the lease boundary.
          Environmental factors
          Brine waste from the processing operation planned to be disposed into an aquifer approximately
          400 metres below the LPL mining horizon.
          The solid salt waste from processing will be temporarily stored on the surface in a tailings
          management area, together with the insoluble fraction of the mineralization.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 84


          The estimation of these volumes is based on the resource and subsequent reserve model
          parameters, and environmental precipitation model. The related Environmental Impact Statement
          has been submitted to, and approved by, the Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment.

11.2 Geological Modelling
          Geological modelling techniques employed by BHP rely on the close integration of drill hole data
          and 3D seismic information, including quantitative interpretation of seismic data.
          Drill hole data interpretation is based on drill core and collected downhole geophysical data.
          Detailed mapping of geology relies on the identification of clay seams and related features and is
          based on visual core logging, geochemical assay data (BHP Canada and historical drill holes),
          and geophysical data from BHP Canada drill holes, including high-resolution acoustic televiewer
          data.
          The 3D seismic data is first matched to drill hole data using standard geophysical techniques.
          This is followed by the mapping of geological horizons throughout the seismic volume and by the
          identification and mapping of structural geological features.
          Quantitative interpretation of the 3D seismic data includes inversion of the seismic data using
          advanced seismic techniques to generate volumes of physical properties (Acoustic Impedance
          and Density) that reflect the mineralogical composition of the deposit and surrounding geology.
          Mineralization domains are established based on information generated by the quantitative
          interpretation information. The domains within the LPL Mineral Resources include: the
          mineralization, areas of extensive no-potash anomalies, carnallite anomalies, and areas with
          structural features that pose a hazard to mining. The established domains are verified against drill
          hole data.
          The geological model also includes geotechnical features present immediately above the mining
          horizon.
          Drill hole and seismic data interpretations undergo an internal peer review process to ensure
          accuracy and consistency. Datasets are cross-checked and verified against each other to ensure
          the consistency of interpretation.

11.3 Block Modelling
          Due to the horizontally continuous nature of the deposit, lack of structural complexity, and
          proposed extraction method, the resource is modelled on a two-dimensional grid. The resource
          is divided into layers, or plies, based on geological factors and mining constraints. The primary
          and thickest layer contains the bulk of the resource and the highest grade. Additional thinner
          layers above and below are included to model the resource outside of the main zone
          (Figure 11-1).
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 85




        Figure 11-1: Schematics of the block model set up for resource modelling. The model is referenced
                    from the 406 seam, approximate location of the 402 and 401 seams are also shown for
                    reference.


          Drill hole data preparation for resource modelling starts with identification and recording of clay
          seam locations, followed by the compositing of geochemical assays and physical property data
          from well logs over the defined model layers. For example, geochemical data at the wells from
          the top of the 406 seam down to 3.56 metres was composited by sample length weighted
          averaging and assigned to Ply#1. Intervals with missing data are automatically excluded from the
          process. Correlations between physical properties of the resource are established and noted for
          use during the resource estimation process.
          Information from the inverted seismic volume is extracted for the LPL level. This information,
          together with the composited drill hole data, are used to generate the resource model. The
          modelling grid spatial dimension is set to 30 metres by 30 metres, which corresponds to the
          seismic survey bin size. This ensures that the full detail of the geological information, captured by
          the seismic survey, is used in the resource modelling process.
          The estimation of qualities (K2O, MgO, insoluble) and density was performed using the co-located
          co-kriging approach, where the hard data are the composited drill hole information, and the soft
          data are the seismic information. This methodology allows the integration of high-resolution
          seismic data and sparse drill hole data without the loss of spatial resolution, and an increase in
          the confidence in the estimate due to integration of all available data.
          Parameters for the estimation that describe the spatial continuity of the deposit, variogram range,
          nugget and sill, were obtained from the physical property map of the inverted seismic data. The
          sensitivity of the Resource Model to the uncertainty in the estimation parameters was tested and
          considered in the resource classification. The large and sparse drill hole spacing does not allow
          the estimation of spatial continuity in a reliable manner. The modelled deposit qualities (K2O,
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 86


          MgO, insoluble, and density) are estimated in a sequential manner to ensure the observed
          correlations among them are preserved. In carnallite domains, the grade and physical property
          values are assigned to cells due to the limited data availability from drill holes. In no-potash
          domains the grade is assigned and physical property values co-estimated.
          The moisture content of the potash was considered extremely low and showed little variability and
          was estimated by averaging the analytical results.
          Geological features that are important for geotechnical consideration and are not imageable by
          the seismic methodology, are modelled based on drill hole intersections using geostatistical
          techniques. The modelling parameters used were established based on the recommendation of
          internal experienced subject matter experts.
          Outside of the 3D seismic area the qualities and tonnages of the resource are estimated based
          on limited information. In the Qualified Person’s opinion the resource quality of the LPL is
          consistent over large areas, therefore it is reasonable to expect that the inferred resource quality
          and thickness is very similar to the measured resource. Hence, the reported qualities of the
          Measured Resource are assigned to the Inferred Resource. Geological features and anomalies
          identified on the 2D lines are used to exclude areas without mineralization and estimate the
          available tonnage based on the remainder area.
          The Qualified Person considers that the resource estimation process is adequate to support the
          Jansen Mineral Resource estimates.

11.4 Validation
          Validation of the estimates include:

              •    visual and diagrams-based validation of models to check ranges, outliers, unexpected
                   model behaviour

              •    global statistical comparison of volume weighted average cell grades to both raw and de-
                   clustered drill hole grades

              •    comparison to previous resource estimates

              •    comparison of resource model predictions to post exploration drilling (Disposal zone
                   testing and monitoring, brine injection) results

              •    comparison to regional resource information available outside of the Jansen lease
          The resource quality data tabulated from different sources (Table 11-1) demonstrate that the
          estimated resource qualities from the resource model are well aligned with the exploration data.
          Based on the conducted validations it is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the resource
          model is appropriate for resource estimation and well supported by the available exploration data.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 87


        Table 11-1: Comparison of drill hole, declustered (area weighted drill hole), and resource model
         K2O values from Ply#1.
                                                                   Standard
           % K2O                Min      Max    Mean   Median                    # of data points
                                                                   deviation
           Drill hole data      22.3     30.7   26.4    26.3          1.8               38
           Area
           weighted drill       22.3     30.7   26.2    26.1          1.7               38
           hole data
           Resource
                                22.3     31.5   26.2    26.3          0.3            805,230
           model
           % Insoluble
           Drill hole data      5.1      10.3   7.2     6.8           1.6               23
           Area
           weighted drill       5.1      10.3   7.1     6.6           1.5               23
           hole data
           Resource
                                5.1      10.3   7.8     7.8           0.1            805,230
           model


11.5 Cut-Off Grades Estimates
          The LPL deposit is vertically confined by sharp stratigraphically defined mineralization boundaries
          and has spatially consistent quality. The material is believed to be economical within the defined
          boundaries based on pricing developed within the market study section of this report (Section 16).
          Due to this there is no cut-off grade applied.

11.6 Reasonable Prospect for Economic Extraction (RPEE)
          The Inferred Mineral Resource extends around the Measured Mineral Resources Figure 11-2.
          Key assumptions that support the potential economic extraction of the Inferred Resources include
          (but are not limited to):

                  •    The resource will be mined with the same methodology as the current Mineral Reserves;

                  •    The Inferred Resource will be accessed by extending the current Mine Design;

                  •    The qualities of the Inferred Resource are expected to be closely aligned with the
                       qualities of the Measured Resources that have been converted to Probable Reserves.
                       This is supported by the already described consistent nature of the deposit and available,
                       albeit limited in the Inferred Resources area, exploration data; and

                  •    The modifying factors and price assumptions of the current Mineral Reserves are
                       applicable to the Inferred Resources
          It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the major barrier that might hinder the potential
          extraction of the Inferred Resources are the unmapped anomalous geological features that are
          present within the Inferred Resource or the features that would prevent access to the Inferred
          Resource from the current Mine Design. Further exploration work, primarily 3D seismic, will be
          required in the Inferred Mineral Resource area to upgrade it to Measured category, and potentially
          to Mineral Reserves.

11.7 Resource Classification and Criteria
          The classification of Mineral Resources takes in account two main factors:

              •       exploration data coverage (2D seismic, 3D seismic, and drill hole data)
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 88



              •    estimation uncertainty
          There is no industry wide classification available for Saskatchewan potash. The classification
          below has been developed by BHP Canada.
          Measured
          The resource estimate is classified as measured when it is based on a resource model that
          integrates 3D seismic and drill hole information and the estimated uncertainty of predicted
          tonnage and grade estimates are less than ±10 per cent over an approximate annual production
          area.
          Indicated
          The resource estimate is classified as indicated when it is based on a resource model that
          integrates 3D seismic and drill hole information and the estimated uncertainty of predicted
          tonnage and grade estimates are less than ±15 per cent over an approximate annual production
          area.
          Inferred
          The resource is classified as Inferred where the presence of the intact Prairie Evaporite Formation
          is confirmed by 2D seismic data with line spacing no wider than 4,000 metres and a sufficient
          number of drill hole intersections are available to infer the presence of the LPL sub-member.
          The areal extent of the classified Mineral Resources is shown in Figure 11-2.
          Zones within the tenure boundary that have not been classified represent areas where no
          mineralization is present due to the presence of carnallite or no-potash anomalies, areas of
          hazardous geological features, stand-off around tenure boundaries, or where BHP Canada does
          not have tenure rights.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 89




        Figure 11-2: Plan of the Jansen LPL classified Mineral Resource. Note that only Measured Resource
                    has been converted to Mineral Reserves. White areas are not part of the resource.

11.8 Uncertainty
          Jansen Measured Resource
          Uncertainty of the measured resource was assessed using statistical techniques. Models of the
          measured resource estimate with different probabilities were generated to quantify the uncertainty
          in resource qualities and geological features relevant for geotechnical considerations. These
          resource estimates were used to generate uncertainty estimates for the Mineral Reserves. Five
          measured resource models were generated:

              •    Minimum case – 99 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate

              •    Low case – 90 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 90



              •    Mid case – 50 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate. Reported
                   resource qualities are based on this estimate

              •    High case – 10 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate

              •    Maximum case – 1 per cent chance that the actual will equal or exceed the estimate
          The sources of uncertainty for the measured resource qualities are:

              •    Finite number of physical samples obtained with drilling

              •    Relatively small size of the physical samples compared to the nature of the mineralization
          The sources of uncertainty of geological features relevant for geotechnical considerations are:

              •    Finite number of core samples obtained with drilling

              •    Relatively large distance between drill holes compared to the features size
          The outline of geological features identified on the 3D seismic image has uncertainties that are
          related to the spatial resolution of the seismic data. Uncertainties in these boundaries are not
          material to the measured resource as they have minimal impact on the reported tonnage. The
          impact of their uncertainty on mine design is considered in the Mineral Reserves.
          Jansen Inferred resource
          The area classified as inferred resource has limited exploration drilling data and only sparsely
          spaced 2D seismic lines. The inferred resource tonnage has a high degree of uncertainty as the
          extent and number of anomalous and hazardous geological features are unknown. The Qualified
          Person’s opinion is that this uncertainty is adequately reflected in the inferred classification of the
          area.

11.9 Mineral Resource Statement
          Table 11-2 contains the statement of Mineral Resources for Jansen as at 30 June 2022. A
          detailed breakdown of the Mineral Resources by individual deposit, classification and material
          type is presented on an Exclusive basis (i.e. exclusive of those Mineral Resources that have been
          converted to Mineral Reserves).
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                                                            Page 91


                   Table 11-2: Jansen - Summary of Potash (Exclusive) Mineral Resources (as at 30th June 2022)



                                                                                                          Measured + Indicated
                             Measured Resources                    Indicated Resources                        Resources                       Inferred Resources

                            Tonnage          Qualities           Tonnage          Qualities           Tonnage          Qualities           Tonnage          Qualities



                                      %K2O      %Insol.   %MgO             %K2O      %Insol.   %MgO             %K2O      %Insol.   %MgO             %K2O      %Insol.   %MgO
                               Mt                                    Mt                                   Mt                                  Mt                                   BHP
 Potash            Mining                                                                                                                                                       Interes
 (1)(2)
                   Method                                                                                                                                                           t%

 Canada
 Jansen
 (3)(4)(5)(6)(7)
 (8)(9)(10)(11)


 LPL               UG           –       –           –       –         –      –           –       –         –      –             –      –    1,280    25.6      7.7       0.08      100
 Total
 potash                         –       –           –       –         –      –           –       –         –      –             –      –    1,280    25.6      7.7       0.08
(1) Mineral resources are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP's economic
interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals.
(2) Mineral resources are presented exclusive of mineral reserves.
(3) Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
(4) The point of reference for the mineral resources was in situ.
(5) Mineral resources estimate was based on a potash price of US$338/t.
(6) Mineral resources are stated for the Lower Patient Lake (LPL) potash unit and using a seam thickness of 3.96 m from the top of 406 clay
seam.
(7) Mineral resources are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 92%.
(8) Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K 2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a
mineralogical conversion factor of 1.583, for example, 25.6% K 2O grade is equivalent to 40.5% KCl.
(9) % MgO is used as a measure of carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O) content where per cent carnallite equivalent = % MgO x 6.8918
(10) Mineral resources tonnages are reported on an in-situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
(11) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.




11.10 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
                    Estimates of Inferred Mineral Resources have significant geological uncertainty and it should not
                    be assumed that all or any part of an Inferred Mineral Resource will be converted to Measured or
                    Indicated categories with further work. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not
                    meet the threshold for reserve modifying factors, such as estimated economic viability, that would
                    allow for conversion to mineral reserves.
                    In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the relative accuracy and therefore confidence of the resource
                    estimates is deemed appropriate for their intended purpose of global resource reporting and
                    medium to long-term mine planning studies. The factors influencing the accuracy and confidence
                    as stated in Section 11.7 are taken into consideration during classification of the model and are
                    therefore addressed by the Qualified Person in the attributed resource classification.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 92



12      Mineral Reserve Estimates
          The Jansen Mineral Reserves are summarized from the approved Life of Asset (LoA) plan for
          Jansen Stage 1 completed in Fiscal Year 2021 (FY2021) in accordance with the BHP
          requirements for Major Capital Projects. The Jansen potash project mineral resource model and
          mineral resource estimate have been used for the mine planning and conversion to the Mineral
          Reserves as at 30 June 2022. The LoA plan incorporates:

              •    Scheduling material movements from designed final mining excavation plans with a set of
                   internal development sequences, based on the results of the resource evaluation process;

              •    Planned production from scheduled deliveries to processing facilities, considering
                   metallurgical recoveries, and planned processing rates and activities;

              •    Capital and operating cost estimates for achieving the planned production;

              •    Assumptions for major commodity prices and other key consumable usage estimates;

              •    Revenues and cash flow estimates;

              •    Financial analysis including tax considerations.
          Mineral reserves have been evaluated considering the modifying factors for conversion of
          measured and indicated resource classes into proven and probable reserves. The details of the
          relevant modifying factors included in the estimation of mineral reserves are discussed in the
          following section.

12.1 Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods Used
          The deposit is relatively two-dimensional (laterally extensive and relatively thin) and is “soft rock”
          thus amenable to mining using track-mounted boring machines, roof-mounted or floor-mounted
          conveying systems, and ancillary rubber-tired mining and transport equipment. The primary
          method of extraction is continuous mining using long room and pillar method within the Lower
          Patience Lake (LPL) sub-member.
          The mine is designed to reduce the risk of water inflow from over lying aquifers and to provide
          room stability for safe working conditions and managed through varying the extraction ratio
          relative to the life of the entry. Production panel mining extraction ratio ranges between 41 per
          cent and 44 per cent and long term travelways are planned to have a reduced extraction ratio of
          approximately 10 per cent for stress shielding. Further reduction in extraction ratio occurs with
          the placement of panels relative to one another to reduce the influence of stress. This is achieved
          through establishing pillars between active and future zones of mining, which is shown in
          Figure 12-1. Pillar sizes are shown in Table 12-1.
          The geotechnical parameters have been supported and developed by external consultants and
          the Jansen geotechnical Qualified Person. The parameters were developed after empirical and
          numerical modelling analysis, including benchmarking studies of the deposit assessing; the
          geological conditions, depth, extraction ratio, extraction rates, and expected useful life of the
          entries. The pillar widths are based upon the study outcomes and recommendations, and guide
          the mine design, with depth and overburden type forming the calculation basis of the in-situ stress
          for the Prairie Evaporite. Pillars within the mining horizon are used to enable safe mining of
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                   Page 93


          entries, maintain entry stability throughout their required life, and maintain the integrity of the
          overlying strata.




        Figure 12-1: Naming convention and typical arrangement of pillars


        Table 12-1: Mine Design Modifying Factors
                         Modifying factor               Pillar Distance (m)                       Note
           Shaft (pillar diameter)                      4,000                 Production mining exclusion zone

           Mainline development                         100

           Block development                            60

           Advance mining                               500                   Function of distance to end of mining block

           Panel to development                         150

           Abutment                                     150

           Barrier                                      300

           Town limit                                   500                   Standoff from demarked town limit

           Collapse Anomaly– (Severity Class 1, 2, 3)   300, 300, 50          Refer to Section 6.4 and Figure 7-22,

           Drill Holes                                  180, 100              Historical refers to all holes pre 2008
           – Historic, BHP (pillar diameter)
           Brine disposal well (pillar diameter)        200




          Mechanically-anchored rock bolts are the planned ground support method for the mine. The
          support design is based on overlying salt beam thickness and/or a change in material
          characteristics. The salt beam thickness is the distance from roof to the next overlying clay seam
          or plane of weakness. When the overlying strata is thinner than the practical limit of rock bolt
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 94


          ground support, the strata will be excavated and become part of the processing stream as dilution.
          The design of the mine excavations is not driven by roof beam thickness prediction models. Roof
          beam thickness thresholds are listed in Table 12-2. The Mineral Reserve estimate is considered
          to be fully diluted for reporting purposes and a reference point of Run of Mine ore delivered to the
          Mill for processing.
        Table 12-2: Roof beam thickness thresholds
                Entry Type                 Cut              Bolt           Planned Overcut

           Production                   0 to 30 cm      30 to 50 cm             10 cm

           Development                  0 to 50 cm        >50 cm                10 cm




          The mine design shapes are outlined in two dimensions with their position optimised on a lease
          wide scale to maximise the conversion of mineral resources, production tonnes to the
          development required, and capital efficiency of the bulk materials handling system. The mine
          design shapes are populated with the ply information from the resource model characteristics and
          the respective roof dilution guided by the aforementioned roof beam thickness thresholds and
          loaded into the mine planning model. The thickness of the planned overcut from the target roof
          strata is expected to be 10 centimetres.
          Major geological features such as collapse anomalies, carnallite, and large leach areas indicate
          the areas where mine excavations are to be avoided. Some smaller scale anomalies are included
          within the mine design and therefore in plant feed. This dilution is unavoidable since no waste
          handling system exists. The combined dilution tonnage of planned carnallite zones and no-potash
          anomalies is less than 10 million tonnes.
          The excavation sequence (Figure 13-5) is determined within the mine planning model. The mine
          layout is divided into four districts, with active mining planned in two districts at any given time.
          Mining will begin in the East and North Districts. The mine schedule does not plan for losses
          through abandonment of mining rooms. The tonnage and volume based consumables from the
          mine planning model are used in the calculation of the mine operating expenses, and serve as
          the trigger for maintenance based outages such as equipment rebuild cycles.
          The mine planning model is limited in the breath of scope, and as a result simplifies the operation
          of the hoist and processing plant, and excludes all activities further downstream of the processing
          plant. The Production Volume Estimate (PVE) is a simulation model of the entire Jansen Value
          Chain; mine face through to ship loading, and considers variability and correlation within and
          between activities. The Expected production rates are a result of the PVE model and represent
          the most likely production rate of the entire Jansen Value Chain. The mine planning model is
          explicitly linked to the resource model and generates a deterministic ore grade profile which is
          used in the Economic Evaluation. The PVE model is not linked to the resource model and
          therefore cannot produce a corresponding grade profile to the Expected production.
          Inferred Resources and Indicated Resources are not used in the estimation of the Mineral
          Reserve.
          As described in Section 16, the through-cycle price average is estimated using Nutrien Ltd. (nee
          Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc.) quarterly published offshore and onshore realised
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 95


          prices during 2008-2020. A longer duration is considered to establish the through cycle average
          price, with the upswing average from 2008 to 2013 and the downside average from 2014 to 2020.
          An average price calculation method was used to preserve the upswing and downswing pricing
          in the pricing cycle. After accounting for product type and geographical sales mix to a Jansen
          operation equivalent, the average price is US$313/t FOB mine (Saskatoon, Real July 2020 basis).
          The price is converted and represented in current dollars at US$338/t FOB mine (Saskatoon,
          Real June 2022 basis) for the economic analysis. Price assumptions are discussed further in
          Section 16.
          In this Qualified Person’s opinion, it is appropriate to the commodity to use a through-cycle
          average price trend to estimate a reasonable reflection of the long-term potash market
          fundamentals. The drivers of the Potash market are more foundational and largely attributed to
          population, diet, and soil fertility. Short term pricing swings are largely attributed to weather,
          government policy, and local farm economics.
          The operating cost estimate for Jansen, outlined in Section 18.2, is developed to a pre-feasibility
          level of accuracy. The estimate includes all costs spanning from the mining face underground to
          the loading of product to rail at the site. The majority of the direct capital cost estimate is based
          on engineering designs, and the majority of the direct bulks and equipment supply pricing are
          based on budget pricing from the market. Operating expenses estimates, sustaining capital, and
          project capital cost estimates are detailed in Section 19.

12.2 Cut-Off Grades Estimates
          The orebody gently undulates over large distances, has well defined boundary conditions, and
          has a reasonably consistent ore grade over the Jansen lease with mining occurring on a single
          level. The cut-off grade has been estimated at 11.6 %K2O and considers mining 1,070 Mt over
          the life of the mine using the cost data shown in Table 12-3 and mid case values shown in Table
          12-6. The cut-off grade is a calculated value within the economic analysis model. The economic
          model intakes the production profile shown in Figure 13-4, and sequentially reduces the run of
          mine ore grade over the life of mine, until the calculated Net Present Value equals zero.
          The Minimum range case, shown in Table 12-6, has aggressive overcut conditions with a
          complete removal of all Shadow band types when present, 20 centimetre overcut in all instances,
          and a fixed 4 metre production room cut height which cuts low grade material. Achieving a run of
          mine grade that approaches the calculated cut-off grade is believed to be unlikely and holds the
          assumption that no mitigating actions to improve grade are taken or successful over the life of
          mine.
          The economic viability of the Mineral Reserve has been tested against a range of commodity
          prices, with detail available in Section 19. The basis for the price forecast is outlined in Section
          16 of this report.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                 Page 96


          Table 12-3: Assumptions / Estimates for Cut-off Grade1

             Assumption / Estimate                       Units           Value           Comment
             Potash price (%KCl)                         US$/t           338             2022 Real basis. FOB Mine
                                                                                         3 year historic average (Jul ’18 through
             Exchange rate CA$/US$                                       1.32
                                                                                         Jul ’21)
             Mill recovery                               %               92
             Mining cost                                 CA$/t           24
             Processing cost                             CA$/t           32
             Administration and overheads cost           CA$/t           24
             Total cost                                  CA$/t           80
             Discount Rate                               %               6.5
             Cut-off grade                               % K2O           11.6

          Table 12-4: List of Cut-offs Currently in Use1
             Area / Deposit           Ore Type         Mineral Reserve Cut-off grade            Comments
             Jansen                   Potash           11.6 % K2O

           Ranging occurred throughout the Jansen Project development, with the latest exercise
           independently facilitated with a broadened external industry engagement, constraining the
           timeframe considered to remove the effects of mitigations, and aligned to BHP’s Ranging
           Guidelines. The Key Value Drivers (KVDs) of the project are found in
           Table 12-5. A mine schedule was developed for the Minimum, Low, High, and Maximum range
           scenarios, which determined the tonnes and grade per period, and the total minable tonnes. A
           summary of ranged dilution values and resource grade are shown in Table 12-6.
          Table 12-5: Jansen Project Key Value Drivers
             Area              Key Value Driver
             Mine              Borer Cutting Rate (tph)                                   Relocation Duration (hrs/event)
                               Borer Failure Rate (%)                                     Turnaround Relocation (hrs/event)
                               Extendable Belt System (EBS) Failure Rate (%)              Bit Change Duration (hrs/event)
                               Conveyor Failure Rate (%)                                  EBS Extension Duration (hrs/event)
                               Shift Change (hrs/day)
             Hoist             Scheduled Downtime (hrs)                                   Skip Cycle Time (seconds / cycle)
                               Unscheduled Downtime (hrs)
             Processing        Dilution (%K2O loss)                                       Crystallizer recovery (%)
                               Scheduled Downtime (hrs)                                   Dissolution losses (%)
                               Unscheduled downtime (hrs)                                 Fines flotation recovery rate (%)
                               Ore feed rate (tph)                                        Coarse rougher flotation recovery rate (%)
             Rail              Overseas – Transit cycle time (hrs)                        Overseas – Non-transit cycle time (hrs)
             OPEX              Mine Production (# FTE)                                    Operations Support ($/FTE)
                               Mine Maintenance (# FTE)                                   Indirect labour ($)
                               Surface Maintenance (# FTE)                                Mine Sustaining Capital ($)
                               Mine Production ($/FTE)                                    Process Sustaining Capital ($)
                               Mine Maintenance ($/FTE)                                   Export Rail Freight & Fuel ($)
                               Surface Maintenance ($/FTE)




1 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                      Page 97




        Table 12-6: Range cases - Grade summary
                KVD           Min (P99)   Low (P90)   Expected     Mid (basis for         High (P10)   Max (P1)
                                                                 Mineral Reserves)
            Shadow band       100% cut     50% cut      N/A      Dev. cut 0-50cm; Prod.     Cut 0-      Bolt all
                                                                       cut 0-30cm           20cm
            Global overcut       15          15         N/A               10                  5            0
                (cm)
              Extraction         30          37         N/A               44                 50           70
              Ratio (%)
            Inter Panel         300         150         N/A              100                 100          50
            pillar (metres)
             Inter block        300         300         N/A              300                 100          50
            pillar (metres)
            Panel room          400         800         N/A             1,800               2,500       6,000
                length
               (metres)
             Resultant           4.0         3.6        1.8               1.2                0.9         0.7
              Dilution
              (%K2O)
             Resource           25.3        25.7        26.2             26.1               26.7         27.0
               grade
              (%K2O)
             Resultant          21.3        22.1        24.8             24.9               25.8         26.3
            RoM (%K2O)



12.3 Reserves Classification and Criteria
          The Probable Mineral Reserves are comprised of Measured Mineral Resources because the
          targeted mineralised zone has not been exposed to any significant degree to validate the
          modifying factors. At the time of writing, the LPL has been exposed in the wall of each shaft and
          no LPL lateral development has been completed to date. Given the minimal amount the orebody
          has been physically revealed, the pillar sizes, pillar recovery, and the overlying roof beam
          thickness which correlate to the total recoverable tonnes and mining dilution are uncertain
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                    Page 98



12.4 Mineral Reserve Statement
                Table 12-7: Jansen - Summary of Potash Mineral Reserves (as at 30th June 2022)

                                    Proven Reserves               Probable Reserves                      Total Reserves

                                  Tonnage    Qualities        Tonnage            Qualities          Tonnage           Qualities
                                            %Insol                               %Insol                                %Insol
                                                      %MgO                %K2O               %MgO              %K2O               %MgO
                                                 .                                                                                          BHP
                                      Mt                           Mt                                   Mt
                         Mining              %K2O                                     .                                     .            Interest
 Potash (1)(2)           Method                                                                                                                %
 Canada
 Jansen
 (3)(4)(5)(6)(7)(8)(9)
 (10)

  LPL              UG                 –     –     –     –           1,070 24.9 7.5 0.10                1,070     24.9    7.5 0.10            100
  Total
  potash                              –     –     –     –           1,070 24.9 7.5 0.10                1,070     24.9    7.5 0.10
(1) Mineral reserves are being first time reported in accordance with S-K 1300 and are presented for the portion attributable to BHP's economic
interest. All tonnes and quality information have been rounded, small differences may be present in the totals
(2) Jansen, in which BHP has a 100% interest, is considered a material property for the purposes of item 1304 of S-K 1300.
(3) The point of reference for the mineral reserves was ore as delivered to the mill for processing.
(4) Mineral reserves estimates were based on a potash price of US$338/t.
(5) Mineral reserves estimates cut-off is a function of mining parameters and seam thickness. The calculated cut-off grade from economic
modelling where the mine plan would be break-even is 11.6% K2O.
(6) Mineral reserves are based on the expected metallurgical recovery of 92%.
(7) Potash or sylvite (KCl) content of the deposit is reported in potassium oxide form (K 2O). The conversion from KCl to K2O uses a
mineralogical conversion factor of 1.583, for example, 25.6% K2O grade is equivalent to 40.5% KCl.
(8) % MgO is used as a measure of carnallite (KCl.MgCl2.6H2O) content where per cent carnallite equivalent = % MgO x 6.8918.
(9) Mineral reserves tonnages are reported on an in-situ moisture content basis and was estimated to be 0.3%.
(10) The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.




12.5 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
                   In the opinion of the QP, areas of uncertainty that may materially affect the Mineral Reserve
                   estimate include (but are not limited to):

                         •   The Jansen mine is not yet producing and has no operational performance data;

                         •   Price and other economic assumptions;

                         •   Ability to continue sourcing water from the Saskatoon South East Water Supply

                         •   Ability to maintain environmental and social license to operate

                         •   Integrity of the shaft liner beyond the design life of 70 to 80 years.

                         •   Changes in assumptions related to the mine design evaluation including geotechnical,
                             mining capability, processing capabilities, and metallurgical recoveries.
                   The Jansen mine is not yet producing and therefore actual results are uncertain and have not yet
                   been reconciled against the planned performance. A Production Volume Estimate (PVE) model
                   was developed and applied across the entirety of the value chain in an effort to understand the
                   impact of uncertainty. The PVE model is a mine-face-to-market model of the integrated chain for
                   Jansen. Monte Carlo simulations were performed to quantify the uncertainty of value chain inputs
                   on the integrated capacity.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 99


          There remains uncertainty with respect to the validation of the production panel pillar sizing.
          Production panel mining represent approximately 90 per cent of the Mineral Reserve, with
          development entries comprising the remaining approximate 10 per cent. The pillar sizes have
          been selected to mimic stress conditions that are successfully managed in the Saskatchewan
          basin. The geotechnical instrumentation installation, data collection program, and numerical
          modelling validation plan exists and is planned to begin with lateral development start.
          Managing mining face dilution via the roof beam thickness thresholds will evolve with time and
          ground performance data collection and analysis. Sensitivity ranging has been performed.
          The mining recovery is currently planned to be 100 per cent, and includes the mining of advance
          mining pillars. Upon retreat from a mining block, the larger advance pillars will be mined and
          subject to the abutment pillar sizing. Advance pillar mining represents 100 Mt of the mineral
          reserve and mining of this type occurs steadily over the mine life. There is a level of uncertainty
          regarding the mining of the rooms within the advance mining pillars. The pillars have been
          designed such that the stress conditions are favourable for excavation. The recovery of the
          advance mining pillars does not have a material impact to the economic viability of the mineral
          reserve.
          The shaft liners have a design life of 70 to 80 years. Planning for and adherence to shaft
          maintenance is a critical component to extend the life of the shaft liners. Shaft liner monitoring
          instrumentation exists, and can provide an idea of when additional maintenance may be required.
          The shaft has been identified as a critical asset.
          In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the relative accuracy and therefore confidence of the reserve
          estimates is deemed appropriate for their intended purpose of global Mineral Reserves reporting
          and short to long-term production planning. The application of modifying factors affecting the
          accuracy and confidence as stated in Chapter 11 are taken into consideration during classification
          of the model and are therefore addressed in the Probable Mineral Reserve classification.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 100



13      Mining Methods
13.1 Selected Mining Method
          At Jansen, the LPL ore zone was selected as the target mining zone. The LPL ore zone offers
          several advantages over the Upper Patience Lake and Belle Plain members. Refer to Figure 6-4.
          Based on the available information over the Jansen lease, the LPL has a more consistent and
          greater thickness, a thicker overlying salt beam for long-term stability of the overlying strata and
          mine workings, and a higher and more consistent grade than the UPL ore zone.
          The planned mining method is long room and pillar utilizing continuous mining equipment for
          excavation. Refer to Figure 13-1. The mining method was selected as the deposit is stratified,
          generally flat lying, and suitable for mechanical cutting as the means for excavation. The thickness
          and the grade intervals of the LPL zone in the Jansen lease area do not vary significantly.
          The mine is divided into four districts, which contain mining blocks comprised of development
          entries and production panels. Excavated ore is transported via conveyor network to the shaft for
          hoisting and subsequent processing. Development mining takes place within the LPL zone.
          Production room mining is completed in a two pass routine, where pass 1 is excavated from the
          panel travelway to the turn-around entry while a temporary conveyor system is installed as the
          mining face advances. Pass 2 follows the excavation wall from pass 1, and reclaims the conveyor
          as the mining face advances back towards the travelway. This process is repeated until all rooms
          have been mined in a panel.




        Figure 13-1: General arrangement of development access and production panels
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 101



13.2 Additional Parameters Relevant to Mine Designs and Plans
          As discussed above, the Dawson Bay aquifer is in close proximity to the mining horizon
          (Figure 7-8). The mine is designed to avoid the occurrence of mine inflow by designing the
          extraction ratio such that the integrity of the overlying strata remains intact. The Dawson Bay
          formation in the Jansen area is expected to have low permeability or relatively low inflow
          deliverability potential, but may pose potential risk of water inflow if hydraulically connected to
          vertically adjacent aquifers. In an effort to reduce the risk of a mine threatening inflow, the Dawson
          Bay formation is treated as though it has a high permeability. The Hydrogeological models
          developed contribute to the risk analysis of water inflow to the mine and mine dewatering design
          (refer to Section 15.8.4 below).

13.2.1 Geotechnical Models
          Geotechnical models have been developed to assess the long-term and short-term effects from
          mining over the life of the entries. Considerations were given to ground stability, management of
          mine induced inflow and surface subsidence.
          Maintaining the integrity of the Second Red Beds, is one consideration for the assessment of
          long-term stability. Conducting geotechnical model assessments on the Second Red Beds
          planned mine designs has provided confidence that mining induced damage will likely not occur
          to the Second Red Beds or Dawson Bay limestones. These model assessments confirm
          assumptions that with expected local geology, fractures between the mining rooms within the
          Prairie Evaporite are not created connecting the mining rooms with the overlying aquifers within
          the Souris River, Duperow and Mannville. Maintaining the integrity of the overlying shale,
          limestone and halite units act as a protective barrier from risk of brine inflow. An additional control
          to manage the brine inflow risk, is pillar size which is controlled to reduce impact from subsidence.
          Zones that have the potential to contain brine, such as water bearing Dawson Bay, are marked
          as exclusion zones and can be avoided to further reduce the risk of potential brine inflow.
          Modelling of pillar design is critical to ensure mining induced fracturing of the overlying strata does
          not occur.
          Determining the integrity of the Second Red Beds involves looking at the strength of the member
          versus the mining induced stresses with time. The factor of safety while mining within the LPL
          mining horizon, is expected to exceed 2.5. The factor of safety while mining in UPL entries is
          expected to exceed 1.4 with the difference in factor of safety primarily attributed to proximity of
          the Second Red Beds from the mined horizon.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 102




        Figure 13-2: Schematic of Local Geology, Aquifer locations in relation to Potash Strata
          The stability of the mined entries is controlled through room and pillar size and extraction ratio in
          conjunction with geological and operational considerations. Table 12-1 shows the parameters
          used to develop the life of mine design, whereas Table 12-2 shows the decisions in response to
          geological and operational outcomes. The LPL ore zone within the mine design foot print dips
          relative to surface 130 metres from the northeast down to the southwest (Figure 7-5). Due to
          increase in overburden weight, the magnitude of stress is expected to also increase in the south-
          west. The response from the increase in in-situ stress is to change the pillar size within panels
          resulting in reduced extraction, this is shown in Figure 13-3. An exception is shown for early mine
          life panels, where pillar size is planned for 17 metres, to enable early ground calibration in a more
          conservative design.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 103




        Figure 13-3: Change in panel extraction with increasing depth
          The geotechnical model consists of analysis completed for all expected designs for the Jansen
          mine. Jansen specific mine designs that have been evaluated include shaft pillar life of mine
          entries in the UPL and LPL mining horizons at varying dimensions, raw ore bin, surge bin and
          ramps. Modelling external to the shaft pillar, was conducted on a variety of production panel and
          development entry layouts, including various room and pillar sizing.
          In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the Jansen mine design is geotechnically feasible. The design
          is supported through documented similarities with the neighbouring Nutrien Lanigan mine, located
          approximately 40 kilometres west of the Jansen mine site, which has been in operation since
          1968. There are differences between those mines –e.g., in height of room excavated and room
          and pillar sizes between the Lanigan mine design and Jansen mine design—however, both mines
          share similar area extraction ratios which is a common metric for assessing overall geotechnical
          conditions for entries. Furthermore, the Jansen design utilizes a narrower room width and with a
          planned reduced duration in room, exposure to geotechnical risks will be reduced.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 104


          There is uncertainty with the geotechnical model, particularly with pillar response, regionally for
          the Jansen mine as test work in the ore zone was primarily completed for one drill hole. The
          viscoelastic plastic response was tested on Jansen drill core, including samples from the UPL to
          BP. Analysis of representative intervals from the drill hole were tested in relation to proposed mine
          plan design. Testing from nearby exploration drill holes provide additional confidence in Jansen
          modelling parameters. To address the uncertainty, a ground monitoring plan for shaft pillar mine
          development has been developed to build upon the geotechnical database and calibrate against
          the existing geotechnical model prior to panel development.

13.2.2 Hydrogeological Models
          The brines in the aquifers adjacent to mine levels are found to be saturated to a varying degree
          in potash mines. Undersaturated brines may pose substantial risk to potash mining. Even
          saturated brines may still have the ability to dissolve rock salts causing erosion of the rock and
          fluid movement resulting in potential mine inundation (i.e., groundwater inflow into a mine).
          Therefore, inflow is considered a material risk to the Jansen mine.
          The Dawson Bay Formation is deemed to pose a potential risk of water inflows into a mine due
          to its water bearing potential and close proximity to the mining level ((Figure 7-2 and Figure 13-2).
          Porosity and formation water content in the formation are found to be variable across the Jansen
          mine area despite the stratigraphy being uniform and consistent. The drill hole geophysical logs
          and seismic data found no high porosity areas in the Dawson Bay carbonate that overlies and is
          closest to the planned mining zone. If the Dawson Bay formation is hydraulically connected to
          other adjacent aquifers through geological structures (such as collapse anomalies), this may pose
          an additional risk of increased water inflows (Figure 13-2). Collapse anomalies are the post-
          depositional geological structures, which are the products of complex geological, hydrogeological
          and hydrogeochemical processes. The processes include fracturing, fluid movements, rock
          dissolution, and rock failure. The structures are high risk features for mine excavation as they
          may connect aquifers and can act as a conduit to increase inflows into a mine in a short period of
          time. 3D seismic technology mapped the size and geometrical extent of these structures (Sections
          6.4 and 7.1.4). The mitigation of potential hydraulic connection with the overlying aquifers is
          discussed in Section 13.2.1.
          The hydrogeology of the Dawson Bay Formation was characterized by utilizing the available site-
          specific data and conceptualized to understand the site scale groundwater flow system. A
          groundwater model was developed using commercially available industry standard groundwater
          modelling software FEFLOW. The model was constructed based on the site scale
          hydrostratigraphical units and geological structures (such as collapse anomalies). Due to the
          variability of available site-specific hydraulic parameter values of the Dawson Bay formation, the
          model considered Min, Mid and Max inflow cases for Base Case inflow scenario (i.e., inflow from
          the Dawson Bay Formation only) and Special Case inflow scenario (when mine excavation
          intersects collapse anomalies). The model was built to inform potential inflow risk and provide
          critical information for decision making in support of mine design and mine dewatering.
          In the Qualified Person’s opinion, the level of technical details in the study of the Dawson Bay
          Formation and collapse anomalies is adequate for the assessment of their risks to potential mine
          inundation at the time of preparation of this report. The model needs to be updated to refine the
          current prediction of inflows when additional site specific data for the Dawson Bay Formation are
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 105


             available. The calibration and uncertainty analysis of the model will also be required as mine
             operation begins and advances.

13.3 Production Rates and Mine Life
             The estimated annual tonnage and grade profile is shown in Figure 13-4, with values shown in
             Table 13-1. The production profile is aggregated from the mine schedule which is planned on a
             monthly basis for the first 10 years, and annually thereafter through to end of mine life. The active
             mining area progression by period map can be seen in Figure 13-5.




             Figure 13-4: Jansen Estimated Production Profile2
          Table 13-1: Estimated Run of Mine Production (by financial year 1 July – 30 June) (based on FY22
           LoA)
                                                         Fiscal Year Ending (1 July - 30 June)
                        2028         2029        2030         2031        2032        2033        2034         2035        2036        2037


 Tonnes
 (million)                5.8        10.5         10.9        11.4        11.4         11.4        11.4        11.4         11.4        11.4
 Grade                   24.8        24.7         25.1        25.2        24.6         24.9        24.9        25.1         24.8        25.0
 (%K2O)

                                          Fiscal Year Period (1 July – 30 June)
                     2038-       2048-         2058-        2068-      2078-       2088-       2098-       2108-         2118-
                      2047        2057          2067         2077       2087        2097        2007        2117          2127
 Tonnes                114         114           114         114         114         114         114         114            46
 (million)
 Grade                 25.0        25.0          24.8        24.9       24.8        24.9        25.0        25.0          25.0
 (%K2O)




2 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 106




        Figure 13-5: Active mining area progression

13.4 Mining Unit Dimensions, Mining Dilution and Recovery Factors
          The production mining rooms are excavated in two passes, yielding a 12 metre wide opening of
          varying length. Production panel pillar widths vary with deposit depth between 17 metres and 15
          metres. There is no minimum room design length, rather minimum pillar dimensions. In general
          terms the mine design strives for the longest panel room length, up to a maximum of 1,800 metres.
          The mine plan strives to assign mining rooms less than 1,000 metres in length to be excavated
          by a drum miner with batch haulage.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 107


          Development mining rooms are subject to the same minimum room sizes, although are excavated
          larger given the required useful life of the development entry is longer than a production mining
          room.
          Mining height is variable between 3.7 metres and 4.4 metres. A histogram of planned room
          excavation heights can be found in Figure 13-6. Except for the shaft pillar area, all excavations
          are expected to occur in the LPL. Each mine design shape undergoes an evaluation of excavation
          heights to determine the highest ore grade. Determining the planned excavation height is an
          iteration which first considers the grade of the minimum mining height and the thickness of the
          overlying dilution material, then compares the grade against a mining height that includes an
          additional resource model ply. Resource block model ply thicknesses are illustrated in
          Figure 11-1.




        Figure 13-6: Histogram of mining room design heights



          Mining dilution is captured in the mine plan through the planned overcut of the 406 clay seam
          and, where required, cutting the overlying halite unit to achieve stable roof conditions. The
          overlying roof dilution is primarily salt and has a fixed grade of 3 % K2O applied. The primary
          driver for excavating roof dilution is the depth and type of the shadow band (SB). The SB has
          been interpreted and modelled as a continuous zone of clay bands with categories of alteration.
          The first category of shadow band are recognised as discrete mud parting planes with varying
          thickness. The remaining SB do not form a distinct defined parting plane. The SB that form
          discrete parting planes within the roof beam thickness thresholds discussed in Section 12.1, are
          planned for excavation. The regional geological deposition is discussed in Section 6.1.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 108




        Figure 13-7: Histogram of planned linear metres to be excavated by top dilution thickness interval



          It is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the mining dilution has been reasonably reflected in
          the mine plan, and therefore the economic evaluation, through the use of a planned global overcut
          of 10 centimetres on the targeted roof strata, and the use of roof beam thickness thresholds
          triggered by the capability of the ground support and a modelled shadow band interpretation. Of
          noteworthy comparison is the positive economic value shown in the Min range case, Table 12-6,
          despite an aggressive overcut of 20 centimetres in all instances, and complete removal of all
          shadow band types for the entirety of the mine life.
          As no production has occurred to date, no reconciliation data is available. The mining recovery is
          estimated to be 100 per cent recoverable. Ore losses from transport between mining face and the
          ore processing plant have not been considered. The reported mineral reserve grade is considered
          fully diluted.

13.5 Overburden Stripping, Underground Development and Backfilling
          The use of backfill at Jansen is not currently planned. Fine and course tailings will be placed in
          the tailings management area.
          Refer to Figure 13-5 for the active mining area progression. Mine development entries will be
          excavated in the LPL ore zone.
          Backfill in the sense of providing geotechnical support is not currently planned at Jansen.
          However, periodic storage of material will occur due to rehabilitation work that will take place over
          time. The destination of this material may either be stored in stable old entries or loaded onto the
          conveyance system to the mill.



13.6 Equipment and personnel
          According to the mine plan, underground construction and mining activities of the Jansen mine
          will be supported by a fleet of mobile equipment (Table 13). The listed equipment is to be
          purchased and commissioned prior to the start of CY2028. The dimensions of the mine design
          reflects the use of this equipment. Asset management at Jansen is based on fit-for-purpose life-
          cycle cost analysis and maintenance planning is in alignment to the life of mine plan. The mine
          plan considers the frequency and duration of maintenance activities in the schedule.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 109


          The underground mobile equipment fleet is expected to include all equipment required for:

              •    Early shaft pillar development and mine construction

              •    Shaft and mine services, including conveyance system construction and upkeep

              •    Production panel support, including development of cross-cuts and stubs

              •    Mains development support

              •    Ground support and rehabilitation

              •    Emergency response

              •    Personnel transport
          The Sandvik MF460 borer miner and PO140 EBS make up the selected mining system for
          continuous mining in both production rooms and development drives. The fleet will consist of five
          MF460 borer miners and four PO140 EBS units.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 110


        Table 13-13-2: Jansen life of mine mobile equipment list
                            Group                         Equipment             Quantity

                        Ground Control          Roof Bolter                        8

                                                Scaler                             4
                  Continuous Drum Miner and     Battery Ore Haulers                8
                         Support Fleet
                                                Drum Miner –                       3

                                                Feeder Breaker                     5
                          LHD Fleet             LHD - 3 to 18 tonne               13

                        Transport Fleet         Crew Carrier & Transport-          2
                                                Mine Rescue
                                                Fire Truck - Mine Rescue           1
                                                Personnel Carrier - Service       12
                                                Truck
                                                Personnel Carrier                 31

                                                Cassette Carrier Truck             7

                  Multi-Purpose Chassis Fleet   Diesel Fuel Cassette               2

                                                Lube Cassette                      2
                                                Mechanical Heavy Duty              3
                                                Service Cassette
                                                Scissor Deck Truck                 2

                                                Utility Cassette                   2

                                                Water Collection - Vacuum          1
                                                Cassette
                                                Water Cassette                     1

               Specialized Fleet                Mobile Crane / Forklift            3

                                                Mobile Belt Line Clean-up          1
                                                conveyor
                                                Motor Grader                       1

                                                Skid steer or Compact track        1
                                                loader
                                                Tractor                            1

                                                Tractor - UG Large                 1

                   Flexible Mobile Conveyor     Flexible Mobile Conveyor           1

                         Telehandlers           Telehandler - 2.5 to 20 tonne     12

               Total                                                              128




          The total headcount for the Jansen operation, under the current mine planning assumptions, is
          expected to be 510 total BHP employees (Table 13-3). Under normal operating conditions Jansen
          mine will operate 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. The roster options will vary by role and by
          location. The headcount at Jansen is expected to remain reasonably constant for the life of mine.
          The headcount includes:

              •      all operations direct BHP Canada employees working in traditional operational work
                     execution, supervisory and planning functions;
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 111



              •    All Jansen-related business functional support employees including Human Resources,
                   Health, Safety and Environment, Indirect Technology, Finance, Supply, Corporate Affairs,
                   Legal, Marketing, Planning & Technical, and the Asset President;
          The headcount excludes the following roles, with the associated costs captured in the Intragroup
          Service Charges (IGSC):

              •    All Global functions indirectly supporting Potash, including Strategy and Development,
                   port and rail operations.


        Table 13-3: Jansen Full Time Equivalent personnel at steady state
                                                                Total FTE
               General Manager and Administration                         2
               Production                                                98
               Maintenance                                             182
               Operations Support Surface                                64
               Integrated Operations Management                         41
               Planning                                                 28
               Engineering                                              15
               Maintenance Strategy and Planning                        38
               A&I                                                      20
               Technology Direct Team                                   22
               TOTAL                                                  510




13.7 Final Mine Outline
          The LoA mine design is shown in Figure 13-8.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen      Page 112




        Figure 13-8: Jansen mine design.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 113



14      Processing and Recovery Methods
          Conveyors will transport raw ore (approx. 40 % KCl salt, 53 % NaCl salt, and 7 % water insoluble)
          from the Service shaft to the processing plant or the raw ore stage building. The raw ore is then
          crushed and screened before being fed to the wet scrubbing circuit, where it will be mixed with
          brine in the pulping tank. Water insoluble materials are removed from the salts with
          hydrocyclones, then the salts are pumped to a flotation circuit to form a potash concentrate by
          separating the potash salts (KCl) from the non-potash salts (NaCl). A crystallization circuit
          recovers potash from four tailings streams to maximize Jansen’s overall recovery; this crystallized
          potash then joins the flotation concentrate. The concentrate is transferred to centrifuges to remove
          the brine, forming a concentrate cake. The concentrate cake is dried in a fluid bed dryer before
          final material screening and sizing. The processing circuit will produce two types of saleable
          potash; a standard red product and compacted red granular product. Saleable potash will be
          loaded into railcars and hauled to the port or to the United States.
          The Jansen processing design is conceptually based on selecting equipment of the largest
          capacity available to achieve the process requirements and installing only minimal redundancy
          required for optimizing operating reliability. The processing facility is designed for a 1,483 tph feed
          rate, with a minimum 15 per cent design factor on all equipment to handle process variables.
          Equipment known to exhibit high reliability based on reliability modelling and industry experience,
          such as belt conveyors, were selected to be single stream with no redundancy. When multiple
          pieces of equipment were selected for an individual unit operation (as a result of limited capacity
          of commercially available equipment or for reasons of reliability), an even number of equipment
          typically was preferable. This was to enable efficient flow splits between individual streams
          feeding or exiting the equipment, and keep the building heights and material lift heights to a
          minimum.
          Use of multiple pieces of equipment allows continuation of operation during periods of equipment
          downtime, albeit at a lower production rate while equipment repair or maintenance is performed.
          Use of multiple pieces of equipment, where appropriate, also allows predictive and preventative
          maintenance on equipment as appropriate.
          As a result of this philosophy, overall plant uptime will be maximized due to the parallel circuits
          available and reduction of single points of failure. An exception to this is equipment that typically
          exhibits high reliability levels, which would be cost prohibitive to duplicate (e.g. conveyors
          immediately upstream or downstream of the mill), combined with an optimized maintenance and
          operating strategy.
          The raw ore handling and ore storage portion of the surface processing facilities is designed to
          be operated by feeding the primary crushing equipment directly from the service shaft skip bins
          using belt conveyors. Ore delivered from the hoist skips in excess of mill feed requirements is
          diverted, using a splitter gate, to the raw ore storage building to build an inventory of raw ore. Raw
          ore in the 25,000 tonne storage building is reclaimed as required during hoist down periods. In
          this way, the raw ore bucket wheel reclaimer is needed to operate less than one quarter of the
          scheduled mill operating time, reducing operating and maintenance costs as well as allowing raw
          ore reclaimer servicing as required.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 114


          The mill processing system design is based on a high level of automation for process control
          using on line measurement, including weigh scales to monitor dry material flow monitoring,
          flowmeters for liquid flow monitoring, and potash grade analyzers for reagent control and
          performance monitoring. All automation signals are monitored and controlled from a remote
          central control room.
          Specific pumps and crushers are installed with variable speed drives for control and to allow
          metallurgical process variability as required. Various types of crushers are used throughout the
          processing facilities. Crusher types were individually selected based on the optimal type to serve
          that particular duty.
          Scrubbing and desliming of the ore uses mechanical scrubbing and cyclone desliming, which is
          typical in the potash industry. Separate coarse and fine flotation circuits allow enhanced recovery
          of potash due to the modern and proven flotation technologies targeting recovery of specific
          potash particle size ranges. Separation of ore into coarse and fine streams is accomplished using
          hydraulic classifiers that provide a separation of coarse and fine particle sizes. Flotation uses
          column flotation cells that are simple and highly effective in terms of recovery and operating costs.
          The tailings process area is primarily a single circuit due to the high reliability of the equipment
          selected. Coarse salt tailings circuits are designed with two operating pumps and pipelines as
          well as one spare pump and pipeline. This configuration allows high mill operating time even when
          a tailings line may be inoperable due to plugging or pump failure.
          Separate scrubbing and flotation brine systems are provided to prevent ore borne contaminants
          from reaching the flotation circuits and adversely affecting recovery. These systems also maintain
          reagent-free brine for scrubbing and desliming circuits to maintain process efficiencies in these
          circuits.
          A crystallizer circuit uses hot leaching and evaporative cooling to recover potash from the fine
          flotation tailings and produce standard size product at a higher grade than normal agricultural
          grade potash product. The higher grade crystallizer product is added to flotation concentrates
          prior to debrining and drying. Flotation concentrate is thereby upgraded without adding higher
          volumes of leach water, which creates a recovery loss due to dissolution of potash while
          dissolving salt. Additional recovery from the crystallizers will allow Jansen Stage 1 to achieve
          overall mill recovery in the top quartile of the Saskatchewan potash industry.
          Parallel process circuits in drying and product screening allow control of the equipment at lower
          operating rates and to maximize plant operating time. Debrining prior to drying uses latest
          technology centrifuges that are capable of producing low moisture levels in the dryer feed. Product
          drying is achieved through conventional horizontal fluid bed dryers.
          Dried discharge is screened, and product that meets standard product size requirements is cooled
          and sent to product storage. Product, that does not conform to standard sizing specifications, is
          processed in compaction circuits, by six installed compactors, to produce granular product, which
          is subsequently glazed and screened, then dispatched directly to 200,000 tonne product storage.
          Product reclaim and loading of railcars comprises reclaiming, screening, treating with anti-cake
          and dedusting reagents, and loading railcars in a unit train of up to 177 railcars within a 12-hour
          time period. As a result of this loading rate requirement, loading is continuous, using automated
          product reclaiming and BHP Canada railcars.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 115


          The BHP Canada philosophy governing the process design was for a “fit-for-purpose” facility.
          That is, a facility that maximizes the project value with acceptable capital costs, while providing a
          productive, efficient, and safe operating environment for personnel. The Jansen processing
          facility was designed to use state-of-the-art, proven process control technology to ensure high
          yields, low cost of production with remote operation capability, and reduction in the amount of
          field operator support.

14.1 Process Plant




        Figure 14-1: Jansen processing flow sheet
          Raw ore is received from the mine through the service shaft skip bin. A moving hole feeder is
          used to draw raw ore from the bin onto the service shaft raw ore belt conveyor. A belt conveyor
          scale and tramp metal removal magnet are provided for the service shaft material handling
          system. Material from the service shaft then reports to the storage building or mill feed.
          The raw ore handling and crushing circuit is to maintain a constant flow of ore to the mill for
          processing. The conveying and splitting functions source ore in a variety of feed situations and
          the crushing stage ensures the material is small enough to feed the attrition scrubbers and be
          hydraulically pumped to the next process steps.
          Attrition scrubbing and desliming circuits prepare the ore for downstream flotation separation
          stages. This involves wet crushing and scrubbing of the ore to liberate insoluble materials, in
          conjunction with size separation equipment that prepares three size fractions. Coarse, fines, and
          slimes streams are then sent to three different sets of downstream equipment, chosen for best
          performance within the selected size range.
          The purpose of the coarse flotation and regrind circuit is to recover coarse sylvite minerals using
          conventional potash flotation technologies. Concentrates generated within this circuit are
          generally near grade and require minimal leaching. The waste materials are relatively clean halite
          with some unliberated sylvite. Only one regrind circuit services both Stage 1 production lines since
          its contribution to overall plant production is relatively small, making it non-critical.
          The fines flotation circuit recovers fine highly liberated sylvite minerals, using conventional
          flotation technologies. Concentrates generated within this section are generally high grade and
          require minimal leaching. The particle sizes are relatively fine, so most conventional hard rock
          flotation equipment is effective. Pneumatic columns are the chosen technology since they achieve
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 116


          high grades and recoveries in potash applications. Waste materials are relatively clean halite with
          some minimal sylvite losses.
          The scavenger cyclone and flotation circuit is used to recover very fine highly liberated sylvite
          minerals, using conventional flotation technologies. Concentrates generated within this section
          are generally lower grade than the other circuits due to the higher difficulty in physical separation
          of very fine materials. The fine particle sizes require higher energy flotation equipment to be
          recovery effective. Self-aspirating pneumatic cells are the chosen technology since they achieve
          acceptable grades and recoveries in potash applications. Only one scavenger circuit services
          both Stage 1 production lines.
          Leaching and debrining circuit provide secondary control for concentrate grade control, flotation
          brine recovery, and preparation of the solids for the drying and screening circuit. The large volume
          leaching tanks serve a secondary function by acting as buffers between the wet and dry circuits.
          The individual line tank can buffer 30 minutes of production in the event of a downstream
          interruption.
          The primary purpose of the product drying and screening circuit is to remove residual moisture,
          heat the product sufficiently to remove residual reagents, and prepare the material for compaction.
          The production dryer circuit serves a secondary function to produce the KCl-rich brine needed for
          grade control using its dryer scrubbers. The screening circuit follows the dryers. Standard grade
          final product goes directly to storage, while the rest of the material flows to the compaction circuit.
          Compaction and post treatment circuits ensure the Jansen products meet quality standards and
          prepares the product for storage prior to shipment. While standard-sized material meets national
          and international accepted standards, finer and coarser materials produced in the wet mill do not.
          The compaction process uses high pressures and temperatures to convert these materials into a
          marketable size fraction. Post-treatment circuits are physically located after compaction and treat
          both standard and granular products.
          For standard production, the standard product (mid-size particles) from the product screens not
          sent to compaction feed is conveyed to two parallel product coolers. The material is cooled below
          80°C using a glycol loop that is integrated into the plant heat recovery system. Cooled product is
          then weighed as it continues by conveyor to product storage.
          For granular production, a multi-step process is employed to increase the product durability and
          minimize storage lump generation. This consists of a surface hardness and rounding step, a
          cooling step and then a final size quality circuit. Product from the secondary compaction screening
          circuit is moistened in the glazing dryer conditioning drum using carefully controlled amounts of
          process water. Sufficient water, approximately 1 per cent to 2 per cent by mass, is added to
          dissolve and soften only the surface KCl on each particle. The tumbling action and abrasion in
          the conditioning drums rounds off the sharp edges of the moistened potash granules. This product
          is fed into the glazing fluid bed dryer/coolers, which act as an evaporative cooler. When the
          surface water on the granules evaporates, a harder coating is formed on the surface of each
          particle, which increases its resistance to degradation during subsequent handling and transport.
          In addition, water evaporation in the glazing dryer cools the granular product to the target 80°C
          before it is discharged into the glazing screen feed bucket elevators. Exhaust gases from the
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 117


          compaction glazing dryers and dust collected within the compaction circuits are processed in
          baghouses.
          The primary function of the product storage, reclaim, and loadout circuits is to collect enough
          product to fill a shipment order and load a full 177-car unit train in under 12 hours with treated
          quality product. The product storage building holds 200,000 tonnes of combined standard and
          granular product and uses a portal scraper reclaimer to provide a steady high flow rate. Product
          loadout screening removes lumps in all products and any fines that may have accumulated in the
          granular product. The last step is the weigh bin system that loads a continuously moving train.

14.2 Plant Throughput and Design, Equipment Characteristics and Specifications
          The Jansen mining and processing facilities have been designed for continuous 24-hour
          operation, with scheduled outages to perform inspections and maintenance. Production
          operations and maintenance will consist of two 12-hour daily shifts covering 7 days per week.
          Since the mill is essentially split into two parallel processing trains, maintenance will typically
          occur on one train at a time, using additional contract maintenance workers as necessary to
          perform the scheduled maintenance and inspection tasks. The entire processing facilities will also
          be shut down less frequently to provide for maintenance on equipment serving both processing
          trains.
          The Jansen mill operating schedule is intended to closely align with the mine’s planned operating
          schedule. Major raw ore storage facilities on site include:

              •    Underground ore storage capacity within the shaft pillar, which for Stage 1 consists of a
                   5,000 tonne bin, 40,000 tonne remote storage, as well as belt bunkering as the material
                   handling system extends (equivalent to 32 hours of hoisting);

              •    25,000 tonnes of raw ore storage capacity on the surface to support the Stage 1 capacity
                   of 1,483 tph mill feed rate (equivalent to 17 hours plant feed).
          Underground and surface ore storage enable the mine to stockpile ore to ensure the mill feed
          remains constant during equipment outages for inspection or maintenance. Surface raw ore
          storage allows ore processing activities to continue for up to 17 hours at nominal feed rates
          whenever ore hoisting facilities are unavailable for use or equipment failure occurs upstream from
          the raw ore storage pile. Regular inspections are expected to include items such as shaft, hoist
          and rope, and various mine-related maintenance functions that may prevent or reduce the rate of
          ore delivery to the surface.
          The feed throughput range, within which the mill can operate, is 33 per cent to 100 per cent of
          rated capacity, or 489 tph to 1,483 tph.
          In addition, buffers downstream of the mill allow the processing facility to continue operation
          between train shipments. A 200,000 tonne finished product warehouse (Stage 1) will store both
          standard and granular products and act as a buffer between mine production and the port.
          The processing facilities will be controlled and monitored from the Process Control System (PCS).
          The PCS will provide the control and operator interface for all the areas of the facilities and will
          be run by a control team in the Integrated Operations Centre (IOC).
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 118


          The level of automation will be high and will include automation of normal process control
          functions, start-up, and shutdown activities. The PCS will be a fully integrated system using a
          common control platform across Mining, Process and Non Process Infrastructure. The PCS will
          provide human-machine interface (HMI), process control, monitoring, alarming, and data
          archiving for all operating areas of Jansen site. The PCS will also interact with the Advanced
          Process Control (APC) system benefiting from advanced algorithms that will assist determining
          the most efficient operating set points to increase throughput, reduce energy cost and reduce
          reagents consumption.
          The process will be controlled from an IOC located off-site in Saskatoon and will be completely
          centralized with the ability for controlling mine, plant, rail yard, and port control stations. This
          arrangement provides operators with greater levels of live operating data across the potash
          operation and fosters collaboration. Trend identification, troubleshooting, and the prevention of
          potential operating losses can be anticipated and resolved more efficiently compared to traditional
          decentralized control systems.

14.3 Requirements for Energy, Water, Process Materials, and Personnel
          Raw water
          Water is used at the Jansen site for both process and non-process activities. Process water is
          used for: (among other things)

              •    Wet scrubbers

              •    Concentrate leaching

              •    Process reagent mixing

              •    Pump gland water and instrumentation flush

              •    Product centrifuges

              •    Flotation columns and cells

              •    Crystallizer

              •    Glazing dryer conditioning drum

              •    Salt tailings flushing
          Ore processing activities will use 0.17 m3 water per tonne of product produced or ~47 per cent of
          all water consumed on site. Non-process uses (i.e., non-routine water, utilities, and potable water)
          account for the remaining 53 per cent of water consumption on site, which is equivalent to 0.19
          m3/t of product. A considerable amount of this water will be used by maintenance, because all
          equipment must be washed down before being serviced. Spill clean-up and line flushing are other
          services that will contribute to this amount.
          Energy
          The incoming gas supply battery limit for natural gas is located on the southwest side of the plant
          site, outside the main plant, to allow free access by SaskEnergy and TransGas.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 119


          An existing metering building is currently constructed and operational at site for gas supply to on-
          site accommodation, sewage treatment plant, and concrete batch plant. A natural gas connection
          to the site will be provided for gas supply to the processing plant (i.e., gas metering and pressure
          reducing station). The natural gas pipeline follows a pre-determined utility corridor to the natural
          gas metering station. The interface point between the off-site supply and on-site distribution
          system is at the flange connection just downstream of the pressure reducing station.
          A total of two natural gas supply pipelines will be located downstream of the natural gas metering
          station. One pipeline feeds the process plant and ancillary buildings. The other feeds on-site
          accommodation and the concrete batch plant.
          Throughout the plant site, the buried natural gas distribution system will be sized to support future
          production capacity increases. It will consist of medium density polyethylene pipelines. Major line
          isolation valves will be installed at specific locations to isolate a branch of the gas network. These
          line isolation valves will be located above ground. Furthermore, each building connection will
          include a dedicated isolation valve.
          Power is supplied by SaskPower's 230 kV overhead lines. The main site 230/35 kV substation
          and 35, 5, and 1 kV distribution systems are sized to support future expansions. The underground
          is fed by two 35 kV shaft feeders from the service shaft for Jansen Stage 1. In the event of a utility
          power off the essential loads will be fed from the site's generation facility.
          The Jansen Stage 1 natural gas usage is estimated to be 2,254,040 GJ/year. Electricity is
          estimated to be 543,823 MWh/year, and diesel is estimated to be 1,569,993 L/year.
          Process Materials
          A variety of reagents are required for operating the flotation circuits, thickener operation, and
          treating the product for shipping. Process reagents include flotation amine, acid, flotation oil,
          frother, depressant, and flocculent. Product anti-cake amine combined with dedusting oil is
          applied in product loadout. These reagents are available in Saskatchewan and are used in
          existing potash facilities. Sufficient work has been completed to ensure supply and availability to
          the BHP Canada Jansen site.
          Personnel
          See Section 13.6 for Jansen staffing information. See Section 13.6 for Jansen staffing information.



14.4 Novel Processing Methods
          The Jansen processing facility is expected to use proven process control technology designed to
          support high yields, low cost of production with remote operation capability, and reduction in the
          amount of field operator support. In addition to common process control technology, Jansen is
          expected to employ additional digital technology to improve recovery, operability, and availability
          using systems such as advanced process control, digital twin for raw ore pile management, and
          use of equipment health monitoring for predictive maintenance. No new processing
          methodologies or commercially unproven methods are expected to be incorporated into the
          Jansen process plant design.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 120



15      Infrastructure
          Jansen is currently in construction phase and has completed a significant amount of development
          in the past several years. The US$4.5 billion (pre-tax) of capital invested to date includes
          construction of the shafts and associated infrastructure, as well as engineering and procurement
          activities, and preparation works related to underground infrastructure.
          A substantial portion of the site grading, drainage and road network is in place that allows for
          access to all areas of the site and facilitates water management during spring melt, rain events
          and ongoing construction.
          The site is connected to off-site infrastructure including natural gas, temporary electrical power,
          communication fibre and non-potable water. These utilities are provided by Crown Corporations
          and contractual agreements have been reached for service provisions as necessary. The local
          road network has been upgraded to allow for year-round access for primary weight vehicles to
          support the movement of equipment and materials as necessary during the construction period.
          Additionally, there have been several facilities for both permanent operations and temporary
          construction purposes that have been successfully installed to date including:

                 •    The Discovery Lodge camp (2,600 beds) for housing the construction work force;

                 •    A modern water treatment plant and raw water well for provision of potable water;

                 •    A state-of-the-art sanitary treatment plant for treating sewage;

                 •    A concrete batch plant;

                 •    Temporary offices, locker rooms and lunchrooms for construction team;

                 •    Service and Production headframes;

                 •    Freeze plant to support shaft sinking and lining;

                 •    Temporary warehousing and maintenance buildings;

                 •    Permanent cold storage warehouse;

                 •    Vehicle wash bay;

                 •    Guard houses and site fencing for access control;

                 •    Laydowns for material storage/staging ;

                 •    Storm water ponds and effluent storage facilities;

                 •    Environmental monitoring equipment for ground water, air quality, noise and vibration
                      levels.
          Starting in 2022, the remaining earthworks, the utility distribution system, piling for building
          foundations, diesel storage area and the Tailings Management Area are scheduled to begin.
          In the subsequent years, BHP Canada plans to erect the following:

             •       Mill buildings

             •       Raw ore storage
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 121



             •       Conveyor galleries

             •       Product storage buildings

             •       Product loadout building
          Once these buildings are complete, the equipment and building services are scheduled to be
          installed to support commissioning activities leading to a planned first production and ramp up to
          full production accordingly.
          In the Non Process Infrastructure scope space, the remainder of the Tailings Management Area
          (including disposal wells) are scheduled to be developed, the rail infrastructure and control
          systems are scheduled to be installed and a number of permanent facilities are scheduled to be
          constructed. These facilities are expected to include:

                 •    Admin Building with offices, locker rooms, security and training

                 •    Heated warehousing

                 •    Mechanical and mobile equipment repair shops

                 •    Laboratory

                 •    Mill support facility

                 •    Rail support facility

                 •    Modular Data Centre, electrical houses and substations

                 •    Pump houses, environmental data collection units and/or other small buildings
          Figure 15-1 below, shows the current design layout of the surface infrastructure of a fully
          completed Jansen Stage 1 and includes the processing and non-processing facilities, tailings
          management area and the mining headframes with their respective shafts below ground.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 122




          Figure 15-1: Schematic of Jansen Operations when in production
          The Jansen basic value chain is comprised of a number of major sub-systems and process steps
          as shown in Figure 15-2.
              1. mining, including continuous miner, and conveyor
              2. Ore hoisting via shaft conveyance
              3. mine processing and ore handling plant including crushing and screening
              4. mine stacking (stockpiling) into the product types
              5. train loading
              6. train empty and loaded travel to and from the port facilities
              7. port car dumping (train unloading)
              8. port direct ship loading (product is taken directly to the vessel, skipping process steps
                 eight to ten)
              9. port stacking (stockpiling) into the product types
              10. port reclaiming
              11. port ship loading
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 123




          Figure 15-2: Basic Value Chain



15.1 Roads
          The road work for the site consists of new roads and upgrading existing roads. All new site roads
          constructed are expected to be gravel roads with subbase and base course materials. Most of
          the existing plant site roads have a subbase course and are expected to be upgraded during
          construction. These existing roads range between 11 metres and 13 metres wide and planned to
          be topped with a granular base course to a 9.4 metres width. All roads are expected to be crowned
          with a 3 per cent cross slope to allow storm water drainage.
          Many existing roads that form the majority of Jansen site road workings are already in use. Some
          of these existing roads need to be upgraded with a granular base topping. Some are expected to
          be demolished because they are located in areas where facilities are to be constructed.

15.2 Rail
          The on-site railroad, including the Joint Access Spur and Onsite Rail, for the mine site is planned
          to be constructed during the project execution period. A series of switches (ladder) are located
          just inside the Jansen property fence line to provide an inbound/outbound yard. This yard
          terminates at the north end at a double crossover. Beyond the crossover is a loop track through
          the loadout facility, where empty trains are planned to access the loading area in a clockwise
          manner.
          The off-site railway is planned to connect the on-site railway to both Class I carriers as shown
          below in Figure 15-3.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 124




        Figure 15-3: Off–site rail connections

15.3 Port Facilities
          Potash for export is expected to be shipped out of Westshore Terminals Limited Partnership
          (Westshore). Westshore is an existing coal export terminal operating since 1970 at Roberts Bank,
          Delta, British Columbia on Vancouver Fraser Port Authority managed federal lands and waters.
          Currently the terminal handles coal, and with financial support from BHP Canada, Westshore has
          agreed to convert their facilities from exclusively shipping coal to shipping BHP Canada potash
          and some third-party coal. All required permits for the facility development have not been issued.
          BHP Canada currently has a terminal services and development agreement in place with
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 125


          Westshore for this development and shipping services with an initial service term through
          CY2051.

15.4 Dams
          The perimeter dykes within the Tailings area is expected to be constructed of suitable earthen
          material with an upstream slope of 2.5H:1V and a downstream slope of 3H:1V. The minimum
          dyke crest width is 5 metres to accommodate one-way mine traffic. A dyke key is to be constructed
          at the center of the dyke’s base to assist with stability and seepage. Interceptor ditches is
          expected to be constructed with interior and exterior side slopes of 2.5H:1V and expected to have
          a minimum bottom width of 2 metres.
          To reduce erosion from wave action, rip-rap material is expected to be placed on the interior
          slopes within the decant pond as well as the coarse and fine tailings areas. Rip-rap is expected
          to also be placed at locations where continuous concentrated flow is anticipated, such as the
          outlets of the granular toe drains.

15.5 Dumps and Leach Pads
          There are no dumps or leach pads required for Jansen mine.

15.6 Tailings Disposal
          Waste produced from the mill processing is planned to be composed of fine tailings (insolubles),
          coarse (salt) tailings, and brine. Fine tailings are expected to consist primarily of silt and clay
          particles with some fine salt. Coarse tailings are expected to be medium-to-coarse grained salt
          crystals. The fine and coarse tailings are expected to be separated during processing and
          transported hydraulically (i.e., pumped) to the TMA with brine, where they are deposited in their
          respective storage areas. Separate coarse and fine tailings storage areas are expected to be
          contained by perimeter dykes. The collective footprint of the TMA is planned to be surrounded by
          an interceptor ditch.
          Brine storage in the TMA is expected to consist of a decant pond in the fine tailings area and a
          tailings free area within the footprint of the coarse tailings area. Brine is expected to be recycled
          back to the mill by a floating brine pumping barge located in the coarse tailings area and excess
          brine is expected to be pumped to the disposal wellfield for injection into the Winnipeg-Deadwood
          Formation (the disposal horizon). This disposal horizon has historically demonstrated sufficiently
          permeable and compatible water chemistry, and is the disposal horizon of choice for the potash
          mines in central Saskatchewan. The number of wells is expected to increase over time as required
          to support the disposal requirements of the mine site.
          On-site water balance is planned to be maintained by disposing of excess brine using disposal
          wells. The disposal wells are planned to inject brine, created during operations and closure phase
          of the project, into the deep disposal horizon. In accordance with the Jansen Site Closure Plan,
          brine disposal is expected to be an essential step for reducing the coarse tailings pile.
          Deep well injection is the regulatory accepted method to dispose of excess brine for all existing
          potash mines in Saskatchewan. No feasible alternatives to using disposal wells at Jansen are
          known. The alternatives considered unfeasible include evaporation, other desalination methods
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 126


          (which would not allow Jansen to meet its closure objectives), and brine disposal to the
          environment.

15.7 Power, Water and Pipelines
          The estimated peak power demand is expected to be approximately 66.5 MW. Power is expected
          to be supplied by SaskPower using 230 kV overhead lines terminating at the 230 kV main plant
          substation dead-end structure (the point of common coupling). Main plant electrical services (i.e.,
          230 kV substation plus 34.5 kV substation and distribution) were sized to support future
          expansions. The electrical distribution system is expected to be designed for expansion without
          requiring a significant shutdown of plant equipment.
          The Jansen site is located in an area with no access to a major watercourse to support on-site
          infrastructure. The raw water system consists of the incoming water supply line from SaskWater
          and groundwater sourced from the existing Raw Water Well 1 (RWW 1). The ultimate capacity of
          the water supply pipeline is expected to be 7M m3/y for the Jansen project.
          During construction and operations (all stages), potable water is expected to be supplied to both
          on-site accommodation (Discovery Lodge) and construction management facilities through a
          centralized water treatment system located near Discovery Lodge. Potable water is expected to
          be distributed to the plant site by centrifugal potable water distribution pumps. Three pumps are
          expected to be provided with two pumps operating and one on standby. Potable water is expected
          to be distributed by an underground HDPE pipeline network. A single network is expected to be
          provided for the plant site. The potable water distribution system is expected to ensure a minimum
          pressure of 415 kPa (60 psi) at the buildings. Connections to future buildings (process plant lines
          or ancillary buildings) are expected to be installed complete with valves and blind flanges to
          enable straight tie-ins in future.
          Sanitary sewage is expected to be treated by an existing Sewage Treatment Plant (STP) sized
          to accommodate the anticipated loading from construction activities, including the Discovery
          Lodge. Sewage is expected to be collected and directed to the STP through a combination of
          gravity and pressurized systems that collect sewage from both process and non-process
          buildings. Both the existing and future systems lead to the existing STP. The sanitary sewer lines
          is expected to have enough capacity to convey the design peak flow as well as infiltration and
          inflow. The minimum diameter for gravity sanitary lines to be used for single building lateral drains
          is 150 millimetres. The minimum diameter for gravity sanitary sewer systems is 200 millimetres.
          All pipes are expected to be polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and are expected to have a minimum slope
          to achieve self-cleansing velocity.
          The incoming gas supply battery limit for natural gas is located on the southwest side of the plant
          site, outside the main plant, to allow free access by SaskEnergy and TransGas. Throughout the
          plant site, the buried natural gas distribution system is expected to be sized to support the
          production capacity up to and including future expansions. It is expected to consist of medium
          density polyethylene pipelines. Major line isolation valves are expected to be installed at specific
          locations to isolate a branch of the gas network. These line isolation valves are expected to be
          located above ground. Furthermore, each building connection is expected to include a dedicated
          isolation valve.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 127



15.8 Underground Infrastructure
15.8.1      Mine bulk material handling (BMH) system
          The mine conveyor network is designed to transport ore from each mining face to the shaft pillar,
          where it is transferred to the raw ore storage bin or horizontal remote storage area before being
          transferred to the surge bin and hoisted to surface for processing. The conveyors are expected
          to be installed using modularized units, each consisting of a head/drive station, take-up station,
          belting, and structure. These units are expected to have standard lengths and widths, depending
          on their duty requirements. Permanent conveyors are rigid frame structures that are suspended
          from the back (roof) to minimize effects of ground movement. Where the design warrants it and
          the salt beam in the floor is of suitable thickness some parts of the BMH may be floor mounted.
          The three main conveyor system configurations are panel, block and mainline conveyors shown
          in Figure 15-4.




         Figure 15-4: Simplified flow diagram of underground conveyor systems

15.8.2     Underground Electrical Distribution
          The Jansen mine is expected to be supplied from the surface 34.5 kV distribution system. The
          two service shaft feeder circuits are expected to each consist of two 350 MCM cables. They are
          expected to terminate in a mine substation through which power is expected to be transformed
          from 34.5 kV down to 13.8 kV for distribution into the mine. Design of the main substation enables
          complete isolation of any one of the shaft circuits while still maintaining power into the mine. The
          13.8 kV distribution voltage is expected to supply all electrical power for Stage 1 loads within the
          shaft pillar area as well as out into the mine. A radial distribution is expected to branch out from
          the main substation with circuits strategically run so that only minimal disruptions are intended to
          occur with the failure of any one.
          Providing a ground path back to earth is a critical safety feature in all electrical distribution
          systems. Potash rock cannot be used for direct earth grounding. Therefore, the mine distribution
          system is expected to use three internal bond conductors in each cable. The shaft cables are
          expected to also have three internal bond conductors working in parallel with separate bonding
          cables in the shaft. These together are expected to be used to tie the mine bonding network to
          the surface ground network.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                     Page 128



15.8.3        Mine ventilation infrastructure
          The mine ventilation system is designed to provide adequate airflow to all active areas of the
          underground mine to ensure the health and safety of workers is maintained throughout
          development, construction, and steady state production. The ventilation system is expected to
          control accumulation of heat, gases, dust, and other contaminants within all accessible areas
          underground by diluting the air to safe concentrations and/or removal of the contaminants.
          The ventilation system mechanical components consist of a push-pull arrangement with both
          surface and underground fans. Under normal operating conditions, the Service shaft is the fresh
          air path and the Production shaft serves as the return air path. Each shaft has a sub collar
          connection to the ventilation plenum and two surface ventilation fans are expected to be installed,
          and optionality for a third fan. The intake air is expected to be heated by a natural gas fired heating
          plant to supply a minimum air temperature of 4°C.
          Surface fans are designed to push intake air to just below the shaft collar. The main underground
          booster fans are designed to draw the intake air down the shaft and distribute it within the shaft
          pillar and into the mining districts. Each mining district is expected to have a set of booster fans
          to circulate the air to the working area, with local ventilation fans and ventilation tube to direct air
          to the working face. Return air is expected to flow from the district conveyorways. The main return
          air underground booster fans are designed to mirror the fresh air arrangement. The return air is
          expected to exit the mine through the DV shaft. DV shaft surface return air fans are expected to
          be used to bring the return air from just below the shaft collar through to atmosphere.
          Controlling risk related to ventilation is composed of several systems and strategies, namely the
          use of electric vehicles to reduce the exposure to Diesel Particulate Matter, network connect
          ventilation stations to monitor the flow and air quality at key points in the mine, and proper
          maintenance of heating and ventilation control systems.

15.8.4 Dewatering
          A mine dewatering system is expected to be installed to collect drainage water in the shaft pillar
          area. Sources of drainage water are expected to include the wash bay water, raw water tank
          overflow, air condensation from mine ventilation, and shaft drainage from leakage and periodic
          shaft wash-downs. Jansen intends to limit the use of water underground.
          The dewatering system is expected to consist of sumps at the bottom of the Service shaft and DV
          shaft as well as in the wash bay. The sumps are expected to be wide enough to allow for slimes
          removal using an LHD where feasible. Submersible pumps in each of the sumps are expected to
          pump to a main mud separation storage tank in the mine dewatering station for collection and
          settling prior to delivery to surface. The mine dewatering station is expected to consist of two
          dewatering pumps as well as a settling tank. Discharge lines are expected to be installed in each
          of the shafts with the ability to be drained back into the dewatering tanks when the pumps are not
          operating.
          The planned mine discharge design flow rate up the shafts is 30 L/sec from two 15 L/sec pump
          skids, with latent pipe capacity in the shaft enabling up to 60 L/sec of extra capacity to be installed
          as a first response to an inflow event.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                       Page 129



15.8.5 Underground maintenance
          Areas are expected to be developed in the shaft pillar area to cater for the various underground
          facilities. All facilities are expected to include suitable power, compressed air, lighting, offices, and
          other services to complement the planned use of the facility. Adequate parking is expected to be
          provided for the underground mobile equipment fleet including charging facilities for battery and
          electric equipment. The shaft pillar facilities are planned to include areas for equipment assembly
          and rebuild, mobile equipment maintenance shop, electrical shop, wash bay, warehouse and tool
          crib, fuel and lube storage, refuge chambers, lavatories, raw water storage, and central office
          space.

15.9 Shafts and Hoisting
15.9.1 Hoist and headframe
          The Jansen Project has two mine shafts, the service shaft (SS) and the production shaft (DVS).
          Both shafts have an internal diameter of 7.3 metres and go down to a depth of approximately
          1,000 metres. For Jansen Stage 1 only the Service shaft is required for production. During this
          phase the production shaft is expected to be equipped to support initial underground infrastructure
          development using two skips with the existing sinking hoist. The cage, for personnel and
          equipment, is expected to rely on a new Blair hoist. Once the development work is completed this
          shaft is expected to be used for ventilation and as a second means of egress. For Jansen Stage
          1 the production shaft headframe is the existing sinking headframe used for the sinking and lining
          of the shaft. Although this headframe has been modified to accommodate the new skips and cage
          configuration. The conveyances is expected to rely on guide ropes for this shaft.
          In the service shaft, the hoist system uses ground mounted Koepe hoists (friction hoists) supplied
          by ABB and designed by the Hatch Bantrel Joint Venture (HBJV). The hoists are expected to be
          delivered as per specifications defined by the designer (HBJV). The headframe is a typical A-
          Frame steel construction. The system comprises a cage and counterweight for personnel and
          material as well as two skips for ore hauling. The cage and hoist travel through the shaft on a
          system of rigid steel guides. The system is designed as a Class A guide system to support skips
          travelling at speeds that could reach 18 m/s. In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the hoisting
          system is expected to be capable of sustaining the production rate anticipated.
          The shaft steel is designed on a fully cantilevered Bunton to minimize stresses transferred to the
          shaft liner. This is to promote a longer design life of the liner. As the liner in these shafts is a fully
          hydrostatic design, the conditions in the shaft are designed to be dry (meaning no seepage). In
          the opinion of the Qualified Person, for such conditions, coupled with a good maintenance
          program, the design life of the shaft steel could be expected to be 50 years.

15.9.2 Shaft liner
          The Jansen shafts have an internal diameter of 7.3 metres. Both shafts are lined with an integral
          hydrostatic concrete/steel composite design. From one shaft to the other the geology is similar
          but shows slight elevation differences. For that reason, although the liner design is the same in
          both shafts, there are slight variations in the elevations of the liner features from one shaft to the
          other. The waterproofing being provided by an integral outer welded liner (OWL) from a depth of
          approximately 835 metres all the way to the top. This combined with a set of redundant water
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 130


          seals at the bottom. The basis of Design for these liners is for a design life of 70 to 80 years.
          Considering the performance of other potash mines shafts, coupled with the asset integrity
          management plan, it is the opinion of the Qualified Person that the design life of these liners could
          be extended beyond the 70 to 80 years stated in the design basis. By promoting dry shaft
          conditions, the maintenance requirements should be minimized which in turn supports the higher
          availability of the hoisting system.
          To support better design life of the shaft liner, the service shaft steel guide system was designed
          with a fully cantilevered configuration. This promotes a reduction of the slamming loads
          transferred to the liner, hence reducing the cyclic stress levels supported by the liner. In the
          opinion of the Qualified Person, this design choice will be beneficial to the shaft liner design life
          as well as the steel design life.

15.10 Infrastructure Layout Map




        Figure 15-5: Infrastructure Layout Map
          Figure 15-5 above shows the layout of the surface infrastructure for Jansen Stage 1 and includes
          the processing and non-processing facilities, tailings management area and the mining
          headframes.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 131



16      Market Studies
16.1 Market Information
          Potassium (K) is one of three essential macronutrients that plants need to thrive, along with
          nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P). Total potassium uptake of global agriculture is determined by
          the quantity and mix of crops that is grown.
          Potassium nutrient is supplied to crops in three ways:

              •    through the application of mineral fertilizers

              •    through organic manures and crop residues

              •    from the native mineral content of the soil
          Native potassium levels vary geographically, and within areas from field to field, and may be
          depleted over time through intensive cultivation, so farmers commonly provide additional
          potassium through the application of organic materials (principally, crop residues and animal
          manures) and/or potash fertilisers to ensure that yields are not limited by inadequate potassium
          availability.
          Potash is the name of a group of potassium compounds. Specifically, it usually refers to potassium
          chloride (“KCl”), which is by far the most widely used potassium product. Potassium chloride is
          also known as “MOP”, from the archaic name “muriate of potash”. The potash market is projected
          to be around 71 Mt-73 Mt (MOP equivalent) in 2021, with MOP representing around 90 per cent
          of this. MOP is consumed principally as fertilizer (92 per cent), although numerous industrial end-
          uses make up a small minority of the market. As fertilizer, it is most commonly used straight or
          physically blended with other fertilizers (‘bulk-blends’), but it can also be processed into other
          forms of potash or Nitrogen-Phosphorus-Potassium (NPK) compound fertilizers.

16.1.1 Product Specifications
          Potassium content is commonly measured in units of potassium oxide (K2O), a notional
          substance, rather than units of K. MOP used in agricultural application is typically ~95 % KCl,
          which is equivalent to ~60 % K2O; this is in general the threshold required to qualify product in
          most major agricultural markets.
          A large proportion of global market production is chemically/physically similar and produced from
          similar sylvinite ore in Canada, Belarus, and Russia, and processed by one of two methods of
          beneficiation. Most suppliers produce a ‘fine’ or ‘standard’ crystalline powder (primarily used to
          manufacture compound NPK fertilizer and for direct application by hand) and a larger-sized
          ‘granular’ grade (used for mechanical application, either straight or bulk-blended with other
          granular fertilizers), that together comprise the large majority of their sales. These may be red/pink
          or white (sometimes dyed red) and usually have a guaranteed purity of 60 % K2O. Some suppliers
          also make higher purity grades and/or more sizes that are sold for industrial use, niche agriculture
          applications or feedstock for derivative fertilizers.
          Jansen plans to sell two agricultural potash grades, red standard (~60 % K2O equivalent, ~0.5 to
          1 millimetres in size) and red granular (~60 % K2O equivalent, ~3-4 millimetres in size) potash,
          to retain simplicity while ensuring sufficient market access.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 132



16.1.2 Supply Demand and Pricing
          Demand
          Global demand for potash fertilizers is driven by the need for higher crop production to feed a
          growing and more affluent, global population. It is also driven by the need to reduce reliance on
          native soil potassium, which in many places will be unable to support the necessary increase in
          crop yields. Fundamentally, the relationship between population growth, crop production and
          potash demand has been extremely reliable and provides a solid basis for projecting future
          fertiliser needs.
          As shown in the two charts below (Figure 16-1), over the last sixty years, crop production has
          consistently outgrown population while potash has in turn exceeded growth in crop production.




        Figure 16-1: Historical relationship between crop production, population and potash demand



          While the demand trend is reliable over five to 10 year periods, potash demand is at times subject
          to considerable year-to-year variations due to shifting farm economics, weather, policy and the
          ability of soils to retain potassium from one season to the next. However, long term demand is
          underpinned by slow moving, yet very reliable drivers consistent across decadal time spans. This
          broadly includes the number of mouths to feed, the scale and scope of diets and long run trends
          in soil fertility and the associated interplay with fertiliser application rates.
          Historical growth since 2000 has been 2.7 per cent per annum on average, with the most recent
          ten year period coming in around 2.4 per cent. Global potash demand growth over the next
          decade is estimated in the range of 1-3 per cent.
          Supply
          According to independent market analyst CRU about three-quarters of MOP production comes
          from underground ores – mainly located in Canada, Russia and Belarus (Figure 16-2). It is simple
          and established technology, low-cost and energy-efficient. Much of the remainder is extracted
          from natural brines in China and Dead Sea. Ore is most commonly processed through flotation
          that yields a product that is pink or red and usually about 95 per cent pure. Jansen is designed to
          employ the conventional underground mining and flotation route. As of 2021, there are only two
          large-scale solution mines, both in Canada.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 133




        Figure 16-2: MOP supply by regions (Mt)



          Most potash operations produce between 1 and 4 Mtpa. The mines in Canada mostly date back
          to a period of rapid development in the 1960s and 1970s, while much of the capacity in Russia
          and Belarus was built in the Soviet era. The potash industry structure is presently characterized
          by a small number of large suppliers. In terms of supply concentration, four producers (Nutrien,
          Mosaic, Uralkali and Belaruskali) accounted for ~65 per cent of global production in 2020. During
          periods of excess capacity and short term demand volatility, parts of the industry have historically
          adjusted utilization rates with the objective of “matching supply with demand”. Excess production
          capacity has been absorbed through curtailed production.
          In addition to existing supply capacity, there are ten major MOP mine projects under construction
          or already ramping-up. Four of these are replacing exhausted reserves and planned to feed
          existing processing plants. If successfully executed, these projects are expected to add about 10
          Mtpa of net incremental supply versus calendar 2020.
          Potash Pricing
          Potash is not an exchange-traded commodity and there is no single benchmark representing
          global market pricing. Transactions are typically bilateral between seller and buyer. There are a
          number of specialist publications that journalistically assess transacted prices. Most potash sales
          are made on a delivered “CFR” basis, like granular MOP CFR Brazil or standard MOP CFR China.
          Prices are published in ranges to reflect the inherent variation in observed pricing due to various
          factors.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 134


           Published journalistic price assessments do not always neatly reflect the net price the seller
           receives. To estimate a mine netback from a particular delivered location, a number of factors
           need to be considered. These could include:

                •     Regional prices (Brazil CFR, SE Asia CFR and US Free-On-Board “FOB” Midwest) are
                      considered, in addition to annual contract prices in China and India.

                •     Customary industry discounts and rebates are deducted from the listed price – this
                      information is not publicly available.
                •     Freights are subtracted for CFR (or delivered) sales.
                •     Port costs and inland freight are subtracted.
           The resulting netback gives the approximate realised price. The chart below, Figure 16-3,
           illustrates import price of MOP to Brazil against the annual contract price that is fixed for imports
           in China. The shaded area shows the implied range of netbacks FOB Vancouver after deducting
           ocean freight from these and other delivered benchmarks (reported by Fertilizer Week). The lower
           line is CRU reported FOB Vancouver for offshore sales (trade-weighted export price).




          Source: CRU (Fertilizer Week)

          Figure 16-3: MOP pricing (US$/t annual average)3




3 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 135


          Pricing assumption for economic analysis
          The potash market has underutilised supply capacity which would need to be absorbed before a
          structural balance is achieved. The potash price of US$338/t is based on a central case for BHP
          that demand is expected to have “caught-up” by the late 2020s or early 2030s by when new
          supply is expected to be required.
          Before the market reaches a structural balance, we expect prices to cycle at or trend slightly
          above forward looking estimates of short run marginal cost (SRMC), which are similar to the
          average prices seen since 2014. This does not preclude the possibility of price upswings, as
          witnessed for most of calendar 2021. It essentially implies that while excess capacity is present,
          prices are unlikely to sustain at inducement levels.
          Once structural balance is achieved, and with demand expected to continue to increase, new
          supply would be induced. In a central case for BHP, the estimate of the inducement price for the
          most likely consistent source of Greenfield supply (identified as a large “bench” of Canadian
          resource suitable for solution mining), is similar to the average through cycle price realised over
          the last dozen years. In short, the forward looking long run marginal cost (LRMC) is broadly in
          line with through-cycle averages, which is considerably above SRMC experience of the last few
          years.
          To estimate this through-cycle average, Nutrien’s published (quarterly) offshore and onshore
          realised prices during 2008-2020 were considered and with quality (standard/granular) and
          geographical sales mix adjustments to suit future expected sales from the Jansen operation, as
          exhibited in our current plans. Nutrien’s realised prices are net of discount/rebates/freight,
          reported on FOB mine basis. After accounting for above adjustments, the average price is
          estimated at US$338/t FOB mine (Saskatoon, Real June 2022 basis). For the economics analysis
          covered in Chapter 19, the FOB mine price is used as defined above.

16.1.3 Competitors
          Existing producers collectively sell the vast majority of their MOP on a CFR basis, typically as
          standalone product, directly to independent bulk buyers, utilizing regional offices, and sometimes
          agents. Producers typically sell to well over a hundred buyers that collectively form a diverse and
          competitive demand pool. MOP producers’ geo diverse sales help to balance regional offtake
          variation that occurs due to local weather conditions, seasons, and crop economics.
          Post CFR logistics span from discharge port to 100s of millions of farms around the world. In-
          market supply chains can be complex. For the most part, in-market distribution is disaggregated
          and managed by many independent downstream entities. Barriers to entry are often low and
          margins are often smaller than those captured further upstream.
          Where producers choose to sell a portion of their production via their own distribution,
          manufacturing or retail assets, it is usually done when they want to capture downstream synergy
          from selling other fertilizers, agricultural products, and/or services. Even in regions where potash
          producers are particularly active downstream, such as the US and Brazil, the majority of the in-
          market supply chain remains independently owned.
          Competitors currently produce between two and ~fifteen grades of Potash. Product
          characteristics are principally due to the ‘natural’ result of variation of the mill feed and choice of
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 136


            beneficiation method, but also to suit customers’ needs and preferences. Below is a summary of
            key potash producers4:

            Nutrien
            Nutrien is a member of Canpotex, an export association of Canadian potash producers through
            which they sell their Canadian potash outside the US and Canada. Nutrien was formed through
            a merger between Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan and Agrium. The merger officially closed
            on 01 January 2018 and formed the world’s largest provider of crop inputs and fertilizers. Nutrien
            is the world’s largest potash producer with over 20 million tonnes of potash capacity at six potash
            mines in Saskatchewan. Nutrien sells nine MOP products including speciality products such as
            soluble grade, turf grade, chiclets, animal feed, micro-nutrients, and pharmaceutical grade.
            Mosaic
            Mosaic is a member of Canpotex, an export association of Canadian potash producers through
            which they sell their Canadian potash outside the US and Canada. Mosaic has approximately 10
            million tonnes of operational potash capacity. Mosaic sells eight different MOP products including
            red/white granular and standard products, and crystal turf.
            Every year, Canpotex sells a little less than 20 per cent of global MOP sales from Canada, outside
            North America. These sales are handled on behalf of Nutrien and Mosaic.

            Uralkali
            Uralkali is one of the leading global producers of potash. The Company accounts for a large share
            of global potash production. They sell eight different MOP products including: red granular and
            standard, white fine and standard and potassium chloride pellets.
            Belaruskali
            Belaruskali is one of the largest state-owned companies of Belarus and one of the largest
            producers of potash fertilizers in the world, accounting for 20 per cent global supply as of 2019.
            Belaruskali sells four MOP products including white/red standard and fine MOP.
            K+S
            K+S Potash Canada is part of the K+S Group, a German-based company that has been mining
            and processing potash and salt for over 125 years. K+S Potash Canada extracts potash crude
            salt which is further processed into three types of potassium chloride. K+S is the largest potash
            producer in Europe. K+S sell four products including pharmaceutical grade MOP.
            EuroChem
            EuroChem owns and operates plants in Russia, Belgium, Lithuania and China and produces both
            standard and enhanced nitrogen, phosphate, two potash products, complex fertilizers as well as
            several industrial product lines.




        4
            Competitor information sourced from each competitor’s corporate website
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 137



16.1.4 Market Entry Strategies
          The marketing plans for the material are ultimately under the control of the registrant. As such,
          the Qualified Person has relied upon BHP for this information. In the Qualified Person’s opinion
          and based on industry experience to date, the marketing plans provided by BHP appear to be
          reasonable in this context.
          BHP expects to market directly to major customers via a network of regional offices, leveraging
          BHP’s existing footprint and capabilities.
          From a logistics perspective, like other established sellers, BHP intends to focus on upstream
          CFR sales. Jansen expects to also benefit from being able to direct-rail to North American
          customers. Jansen has logistics optionality and flexible granular processing capacity that means
          it could shift sales between export regions and North America, depending on the market. By
          staying upstream, Jansen can focus on the highest margin part of the value chain and leverage
          BHP’s experience in exporting bulk commodity marketing and sea-freight.
          BHP plans to target dozens of large buyers across growth regions in the Americas, Asia, and the
          rest of the world, by example Africa, noting Jansen will be under-weight in regions such as China
          given their historical product preferences. BHP plans to also sell some volumes into the US and
          other smaller established regions. Geographic and customer diversity is expected to provide
          competitive global access and average out regional demand variation and price netbacks. Actual
          sales splits are currently uncertain and depend upon various factors (including regional netback
          prices, logistics costs, reliability, and the need for location diversity) and vary over time.
          BHP is new to potash, and intends to become in time one (of only a few) established sellers. Entry
          risk is only present for a relatively short period of time at the beginning of Jansen Stage 1. Market
          conditions at the time of entry are uncertain, and therefore any entry strategy must be fit for
          purpose under different conditions.
          In anticipation of Jansen production coming to market, BHP established a dedicated potash
          marketing team in 2016 to build a practical understanding of how the potash market works. This
          team has recruited and consulted with many industry experts who collectively have extensive
          first-hand experience marketing and distributing potash. BHP has spoken with potential potash
          buyers and developed working relationships with major potash buyers and has non-binding
          Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) in place with key strategic buyers. The marketing team
          is intended to be expanded to bring in more specific regional sales experience as considered to
          be appropriate.

16.2 Contracts and Status
          All material contracts required for the development of Jansen Stage 1 are listed below in
          Table 16-1 and Table 16-2. Jansen does not intend to have agreements with affiliated parties and
          plans to create direct purchase engagements.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                               Page 138


        Table 16-1: Awarded Packages
             Material Description                                     Mine Areas
             Switchgear                                               Surface and Mining Electrical Equipment
             Mine Ventilation Fans                                    Underground Mining Equipment
             Hydraulic Power Packs                                    Underground Mining Equipment
             Drag Conveyors                                           Underground Mining Equipment
             Barge Pumps                                              Underground Mining Equipment
             HVAC Equipment                                           Underground Mining Equipment
             Bolter Fleet                                             Underground Mining Mobile Equipment
             Conveyances, Pumps and Hydro-cyclones                    Underground Mining Equipment
             Axial Fans                                               Underground Mining Equipment
             Valves, Transmitters and Process Control System          Mill Equipment
             Modular E-Houses                                         Surface Electrical Equipment
             Underground Conveyor Take-up Winches                     Underground Mining Equipment
             Dry Screens                                              Mill Equipment
             Development Conveyors                                    Underground Mining Equipment
             Blair Hoist                                              Mining Equipment
             Surface and Underground LTE Communications               Surface and Mining Electrical Equipment
             VFD Skids and Mine Load 15 kV Switches                   Surface and Mining Electrical Equipment
             Shaft Excavation, Steel and Equipping                    Underground Mining Construction
             Vent Plenums                                             Underground Mining Construction
             Permanent Power                                          Surface Electrical Construction
             Pulleys and Idlers                                       Mill Equipment
             Surface and Underground Conveyor Belt Supply             Surface and Mining Equipment
             Compactors                                               Mill Equipment
             Fluid Bed Dryers                                         Mill Equipment
             Gearbox and Conveyor Drives                              Mill Equipment
             Bucket Elevators                                         Underground Mining Equipment
             Dust Collection Bag House                                Mill Equipment
             Crushers                                                 Mill Equipment
             Centrifuges                                              Mill Equipment
             Survey, Drilling, Early Earthworks                       Surface Civil Construction
             Valves                                                   Mill Equipment
             Floatation Columns                                       Mill Equipment
             Salt and Slimes Centrifuges                              Mill Equipment
             Coarse Particle Flotations Cells                         Mill Equipment
             Conditioning Drums                                       Mill Equipment



        Table 16-2: Pending Packages
             Package Description                 Notes
             Site Support Services               Bussing, Heavy Haul, Security, Emergency Response, Medical Services,
                                                 Camp Management (including catering and janitorial), aggregate sourcing
                                                 and management, courier services, trucking services, concrete batch
                                                 plant, communications, general site services, testing and inspection
                                                 services, Diesel supply and delivery, Bulk Propane Supply and Delivery,
             Rail                                Onsite rail, Offsite rail provider, Offsite earthworks, Spur Construction,
                                                 Rail Cars
             Mill Area                           Foundations, Piling, Raw Ore Storage and Handling, Tailings
                                                 Management, Dry and Wet Mill Area,
             Mining                              Underground Development, Headframe Changeover,
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                  Page 139



17      Environmental Studies, Permitting, Plans and Agreements
          Operational controls for environmental management are guided by BHP’s Charter Values. The
          Charter Values outline a commitment to develop, implement and maintain management systems
          for sustainable development that drive continual improvement and set and achieve targets that
          promote efficient use of resources. The Charter is reinforced by a series of Our Requirements
          (OR) documents that have been developed, including Our Requirements for Environment and
          Climate Change (OR E&CC). These enterprise-level documents set out minimum performance
          requirements to everyone in BHP that must be met to ensure the strategy is delivered, legal
          obligations are met, defined risks are management and productivity is improved. The OR E&CC
          applies to environment-related risks and potential impacts on the physical environment: air, water,
          land, biodiversity, communities and their interrelationships.

17.1 Environmental Studies and Impact Assessments
          The Jansen Project was considered a development subject to the Saskatchewan Environmental
          Assessment Act and required the submission of an Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA).
          EIAs are used to assess the effect a proposed project may have on the environment by gathering
          information about the receiving environment and assessing the consequences that planned
          actions may have on the environment. EIAs help determine the necessary mitigations and other
          management or remedial measures that may be required for the project to proceed. EIAs define
          the receiving environment, identify any potential adverse impacts, and propose measures to
          reduce or prevent these impacts. Controls to manage significant impacts are conditioned in the
          relevant approval issued by the MOE.
          The EIA also determines if any actual or reasonably foreseeable activities conflict with the
          following conditions, which are outside BHP’s appetite for risk and listed in OR E&CC, including:

              •    Do not explore or extract resources within the boundaries of World Heritage listed
                   properties

              •    Do not explore or extract resources adjacent to World Heritage listed properties unless
                   you have approval and can demonstrate that the proposed activity is compatible with the
                   outstanding universal values for which the World Heritage property is listed

              •    Do not explore or extract resources within or adjacent to the boundaries of International
                   Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Protected Areas Categories I to IV unless you
                   have approval and you implement a plan that meets regulatory requirements, takes into
                   account stakeholder expectations and contributes to the values for which the protected
                   area is listed

              •    Do not operate where there is a risk of direct impacts to ecosystems which could result in
                   the extinction of an IUCN Red List Threatened Species in the wild

              •    Do not dispose of mined waste rock or tailings into a river or marine environment
          In November 2008, BHP Canada submitted a Project Proposal to the Environmental Assessment
          Branch. After a 30 day public comment period, the Environmental Assessment Branch issued its
          Project-specific Guidelines, which defined the type of information BHP Canada would need to
          submit in the Environmental Impact Statement (EIS). The Project Proposal was also sent to the
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 140


          Canadian Federal Government for review in accordance with the Canada-Saskatchewan
          Agreement on Environmental Assessment Cooperation. Subsequently, the relevant federal
          agencies determined that there were no triggers for a federal assessment.
          BHP Canada completed numerous environmental and socio-economic baselines surveys in 2008
          and 2009 to support the EIS, inform environmental permit applications and provide information
          for management decision making. The survey scopes consist of air, noise, surface and
          groundwater, soils, wildlife and vegetation and heritage baseline and targeted surveys across
          BHP Canada’s Jansen Project tenure.
          Initial public feedback to support the scoping of the baseline surveys and submission of the EIS
          started in 2009. During the engagement process, a broad range of interested parties were
          engaged at the federal, provincial, regional and local levels. These included, local communities,
          Indigenous communities, non-governmental organizations, local business, Crown corporations
          and government agencies. Within the local communities, potash mining and its effects are
          generally familiar and well understood and the project received strong overall community and
          stakeholder support.
          In December 2010, BHP Canada submitted the Jansen Project Environmental Impact Statement
          (EIS) to the Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment (MOE). The EIS and governments technical
          review were made available to the public for comment. The EIS received Ministerial Approval on
          29 June 2011.
          Since the EIS approval, further engineering and project optimization was completed that resulted
          in changes to the mine plan, site layout, and schedule. To maintain Ministerial Approval, two
          submissions were made in November 2017 to the MOE Environment Assessment and
          Stewardship Branch under Section 16 of The Environmental Assessment Act. The proposed
          changes included:

              •    change in ownership of the 7.98 kilometres (km) joint access rail spur connecting the on-
                   site rail to the Canadian Pacific (CP) Railways mainline from CP to BHP Canada;

              •    increased potash production from 8 to 8.6 million tonnes per annum (Mtpa); and

              •    expansion of the tailings management area (TMA) from 388 to 450 hectares (ha).
          Approval was received for both submissions on 19 April 2018.
          The Jansen Project EIS identified several Valued Ecosystem Components, which were drawn
          from government requirements, public input, applicable legislation and guidelines, results of
          baseline studies, the Jansen Project description and the professional judgement of environmental
          and social scientists. The Jansen Project Valued Ecosystem Components are listed in the table
          below (Table 17-1), including mitigation measures.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                 Page 141


          Table 17-1: Jansen Project Valued Ecosystem Components and Mitigation Measures
           Valued
           Ecosystem                                             Mitigation Measures
           Components
           Air                  Use diesel particulate filters, dust suppression, maintaining on-site unpaved roads, air
                                quality will meet government standards for protection of people and the environment
           Greenhouse Gas       Subject to Government of Saskatchewan mitigation regulations
           Noise                Installation of noise reduction equipment, noise monitoring program to track noise, use
                                best practises with mining equipment to minimize Project-related noise
           Soils                Safe disposal of soil contaminants, re-vegetating soil surfaces to prevent wind and
                                water erosion, designing refuelling stations and maintenance facilities to minimize and
                                control spills, usage of seepage interceptor ditches to prevent brine migration
           Groundwater          Ongoing monitoring program, control of brine (perimeter dykes and ditches, slurry walls,
                                pile drainage system)
           Ground               Ongoing monitoring of ground elevation
           Subsidence
           Plants and           Cleaning off-road equipment coming on to site for the first time, limiting soil
           Wetlands             disturbances, promptly re-vegetating disturbed areas, monitoring invasive plant
                                populations
           Wildlife             Habitat Compensation Plan, deterring birds from the brine area as appropriate, no-
                                hunting policy on BHP controlled land, Canadian toad salvage program, avoiding
                                clearing sensitive areas of vegetation during animal breeding seasons, minimizing light
                                on tall site structures
           Archaeology and      Avoid heritage and archaeology sites during construction and mining activities
           Heritage

          The Jansen Project EIS found no significant effects on the Valued Ecosystem Components listed
          above after the proposed mitigation measures.
          In accordance with the commitments and conditions in the EIS, long-term environmental
          monitoring programs were established to monitor for potential environmental effects arising from
          site operations. A network of monitoring stations were established in 2013 around the boundary
          of the Project. The monitoring programs include air quality, meteorology, noise, groundwater,
          wetlands, soils, and wildlife.
          BHP Canada committed to developing a habitat compensation program to ensure no net loss of
          wetlands and associated habitat as a result of the Project. This program started in 2014.
          BHP Canada committed to implementing an environmental management program for the Project
          that follows the framework outlined in the EIS. The Jansen Environment Management Plan
          (JEMP) describes site specific requirements that have been established for the Project to
          minimize environmental impacts during construction and future operations. The JEMP
          incorporates internal BHP environmental standards, federal and provincial environmental
          standards, and Project regulatory approval requirements.

17.2 Waste and tailings disposal
          BHP’s commitment to safe tailings management, the Global Industry Standard on Tailings
          Management (GISTM) and our ambition to achieve zero harm from tailings is outlined in the BHP
          Tailings Storage Facilities (TSF) Policy available on bhp.com (see downloads section) as
          approved by the BHP Board in April 2021.
          The BHP Tailings Policy outlines our approach to TSF management including:
                      •   governance and accountability;

                      •   TSF failure risk management (additional detail on risk management/ three lines
                          model is available on the website);
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 142



                    •    Emergency preparedness and response and mechanisms for recovery; and

                    •    Transparency
          Mandatory minimum performance requirements for TSFs govern how we manage TSF failure
          risks across BHP are aligned with the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM)
          (and outlined applicable processes and associated internal guidance). This is publicly available
          as the Our Requirements for Tailings Storage Facilities (see link to external OR above).
          BHP has developed short-, medium- and long-term tailings management strategies.

                    •    Our short-term strategy continues to focus on improving Key Risk Indicator
                         performance in line with defined targets.

                    •    Our medium- and long-term strategies focus on the development of technologies to
                         improve tailings management storage. Asset-specific strategies have been
                         developed for all of our operated and legacy assets and seek long term alternative
                         tailings solutions.

17.2.1 Waste and Tailings Disposal
          The waste produced from the mill process will be comprised primarily of fine tailings (insoluble),
          coarse tailings (salt) and brine. All tailings will be stored within the Tailings Management Area
          (TMA). Separate coarse and fine tailings cells will store the respective waste products and a brine
          recycling system connected to the coarse tailings cell will provide brine management for reuse by
          the mill. Excess brine from operations or resulting from precipitation events will be pumped to the
          disposal wellfield for injection into the Winnipeg-Deadwood Formation (the disposal horizon).
          Containment for tailings and brine will be controlled by a combination of dykes, drains, and
          interceptor ditches. The coarse tailings area consists of a storage area surrounded by perimeter
          earthen dykes designed to store coarse tailings and brine produced during operations. The facility
          was designed to store the Environmental Design Flood (EDF) equal to a 1:100 year precipitation
          event occurring over a 24-hour period safely within the dykes while maintaining the minimum
          freeboard requirements. Additional flood storage will be available for precipitation events
          exceeding the EDF up to the Inflow Design Flood (IDF) utilizing overflow spillways constructed
          into the crest of the dyke. The overflow spillways allow for brine transfer into the interceptor
          ditches for temporary storage. The IDF used for design is 300 millimetres in 24 hours which is
          slightly greater than the calculated IDF for high Canadian Dam Association (CDA) consequence
          dam of 1/3 between 1:1,000-year and the rational Probable Maximum Precipitation (PMP). As the
          coarse tailings volume increases with production, a phased expansion of additional cells will be
          incorporated to maintain coarse tailings and flood storage capacity.
          The fine tailings area will consist of a storage area surrounded by perimeter earthen dykes,
          including a decant pond, a filter dyke, decant structures and an underdrainage system. The facility
          was designed to store the fine tailings produced during operations and clarify the associated brine
          within the tailings through the filter dyke and the underdrainage system. This facility was designed
          to contain the IDF within a 24-hour period within the dykes while maintaining the minimum
          freeboard requirements in the system. As fine tailings volumes increase with production, a
          perimeter dyke raise and phased expansion of additional cells will be incorporated to maintain
          fine tailings and flood storage capacity.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 143


          The network of interceptor ditches will surround the TMA. These ditches were designed to collect
          shallow subsurface lateral brine migration below the perimeter dykes as well as contain any
          seepage collected within the perimeter toe drains. The base of the interceptor ditches will be
          keyed into the underlying unoxidized materials to intercept shallow brine migration and facilitate
          brine flow to a collection point at which the brine will be pumped back into the TMA storage
          facilities.
          Slurry walls will be constructed as required in the future to mitigate migration of brine in the Upper
          and Lower Floral Aquifers from the area underlying the TMA. The timing of the slurry wall
          installations will be based on the results of regular monitoring of groundwater wells installed in
          these aquifer units.

17.2.2 Site Monitoring
          Visual inspections of the TMA dykes and ditches will be completed on an annual basis by an
          independent geotechnical engineer. A comprehensive annual visual dyke inspection (AVDI) will
          be conducted to visually examine the containment structures and qualitatively evaluate the
          stability of the structures based on the observed appearance. The emphasis of the AVDI will be
          to identify any observable danger signs associated with failure mechanisms of the structures. The
          findings will be provided to the MOE.
          Geotechnical monitoring instrumentation will consist of slope inclinometers, vibrating wire
          piezometers and standpipe piezometers installed to varying depths within the dyke, coarse
          tailings pile, and foundation soils to monitor pore water pressures and stability conditions.
          Geotechnical monitoring instrumentation are to be installed in the dykes and pile foundation soils
          shortly after construction, with a continuous growing network of instrumentation installed in the
          tailings pile as it grows to facilitate management of the facility.
          The minimum calculated Factor of Safety (FOS) equal to 1.5 is presently required for containment
          dykes, as per the Saskatchewan Potash Industry Brine Pond Freeboard Guidelines and Reporting
          Requirements (MOE, 2018). The calculated FOS is modelled assuming the brine pond levels at
          the maximum flood storage level with all modelled dyke cross-sections exceeding the minimum
          FOS of 1.5. A minimum calculated FOS equal to 1.3 is required for all segments of the coarse
          tailings pile.
          Site monitoring of environmental risks including brine migration outside of the TMA footprint will
          be completed predominantly through groundwater and surface water monitoring programs. A
          long-term groundwater monitoring plan was established for the Project in 2012. The objectives of
          the environmental monitoring are to detect and estimate the rate of lateral brine migration from
          the TMA and the extent and magnitude of drawdown due to groundwater extraction. Throughout
          operations, groundwater levels, surface water and groundwater water chemistry, and
          electromagnetic survey data will be collected and analysed in accordance with the Site’s Approval
          to Operate.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 144



17.2.3 Water Management
          In accordance with OR E&CC, the Project maintains a quantitative water balance. The water
          balance provides a summary of the meteorological data, camp occupancy, pond levels, and inputs
          and outputs.
          In production, the raw water system will consist of the incoming water supply line from SaskWater,
          raw water pond, and main pump house. This area will provide raw water to the plant, for fire
          protection and to the operating facilities. The onsite storm water pond was designed for zero
          discharge; however, design changes have resulted in a requirement for construction phase
          discharge from the pond. Permits are issued by provincial regulatory agencies to discharge
          annually. During construction and operation, potable water will be supplied through the operating
          and permitted centralized water treatment system.

17.3 Project Permitting and Approvals
          Construction and Operation Environmental Permits
          Following the Approval of the EIS, the Jansen Project required federal, provincial and municipal
          permits and approval for construction and operation. BHP Canada has received all permits that
          have been applied for to-date and do not anticipate any risks to obtaining the required construction
          and operation permits for the Project.
          The Project maintains an electronic permit register that lists all permits for the Project, which
          contains the permit details, requirements, and expiration dates. An internal notification system
          alerts the applicable parties when permits are up for renewal.
          Decommissioning and Reclamation Plan
          A Decommissioning and Reclamation (D&R) Plan has been developed in accordance with the
          Saskatchewan Mineral Industry Environmental Protection Regulations, Jansen EIS Commitments
          and EIS Approval. Provincial regulations also require that financial assurance be provided for the
          mining operations to ensure there are sufficient funds available for the necessary D&R activities.
          The D&R Plan was developed to provide information and costs on the concepts that would be
          implemented in the event the Jansen Project was to close in December 2021 and discusses the
          safety and security of the site, the decommission and reclamation concepts and addresses the
          residual risks of the Project through monitoring programs. In accordance with the Mineral Industry
          Environmental Protection Regulations, BHP Canada is required to submit and review the D&R
          Plan and financial assurance every five years. BHP Canada submitted and received approval for
          the first D&R Plan in 2016 and submitted a revised D&R Plan in 2021 and received approval in
          2022.
          Heritage
          In 2009, a Heritage Resource Impact Assessment (HRIA) was completed to support the
          submission of the Jansen Environmental Impact Statement (EIS). The HRIA involved pedestrian
          surveys, documentation of existing heritage features and informal interviews. Three heritage sites
          were identified, one prehistoric archaeological site and two historic built heritage sites. The
          Heritage Conservation Branch (HCB) determined that no further work was required at the two
          historic built heritage sites. With respect to the third site, a Heritage Resource Impact Assessment
          (HRIA) was completed in May 2021. The assessment was submitted and the Saskatchewan
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                    Page 145


          Heritage Conservation Branch determined all HRIA regulatory requirements had been
          satisfactorily completed, and there are no concerns with the project proceeding as planned.

17.4 Social Plans and Agreements
          In the case of Jansen, no aboriginal rights were impacted by the project, the Duty to Consult with
          Indigenous groups was not triggered. However, during the development of the Jansen project,
          BHP Canada negotiated voluntary agreements with six local Indigenous communities to provide
          a basis for collaboration and for effective ongoing communication. As part of the agreements,
          commitments to capacity building initiatives on education, training and labour force development
          and addresses sharing of information important to environmental management practices. The
          agreements are refreshed every five years.



17.5 Closure Planning
          Conceptual Closure Plan and Associated Costs
          A Conceptual Closure Plan has been developed for the Jansen Project with an anticipated ore
          throughput of 11.4 Mtpa and an approximate 100-year life of mine. The main areas include the
          mine site, raw ore handling and storage, process plant, tailings and brine disposal, product
          storage and loadout, non-process infrastructure and onsite rail, joint access spurs and wyes. The
          objective of the closure activities is to achieve the conditions for physical and chemical stability of
          the mine site, similar to its pre-development condition and land use, to ensure public safety and
          environmental protection. Specific stakeholder consultation relating to closure has not been
          conducted to date but will be undertaken based on the stakeholder engagement strategy for the
          Project.
          Progressive reclamation is the reclamation of areas no longer required for operations and
          provides a potential means to enable a cost-effective, timely closure. It is anticipated that the
          majority of the Project site will be actively utilized while the mine is operational and therefore
          opportunities for progressive reclamation may be limited.
          Site decommissioning will be staged, first with the mine site, then process facilities and finally the
          TMA. All buildings and associated infrastructure will be decommissioned and demolished once
          no longer required for long-term closure activities. All waste will be classified as either hazardous
          or non-hazardous and disposed accordingly.
          The TMA at closure will consist of the fine and coarse TMAs. The fine tailings are expected to
          consolidate to enable access for equipment to cover with granular fill, soil and re-vegetate. The
          coarse TMA will be closed and reclaimed through either natural or enhanced dissolution. The
          current conceptual closure plan for coarse tailings involves long-term natural dissolution by
          precipitation, and the collection and disposal of the resulting brine through brine disposal wells
          into the Winnipeg-Deadwood Formation, which are highly saline aquifers below the mining
          horizon. Enhanced dissolution involves the water sources identified in natural dissolution as well
          as utilizing poor quality water (unusable for consumption or irrigation) from an aquifer.
          The end uses for the rehabilitated site are currently identified as a mix of agricultural and
          wetland/upland habitat, but will be subject to future stakeholder discussions.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 146


          An environmental monitoring and maintenance program will be conducted to assess the physical,
          chemical, and biological stability of the rehabilitated mine, where necessary, proactivity identify
          areas where maintenance is required. The intention of this program is to confirm whether the site
          closure criteria have been achieved, and to ensure the closure activities are progressing
          successfully towards meeting these criteria and attaining the close out status.
          The conceptual closure cost model is made up of a detailed direct cost estimate for each of the
          reclamation activities identified for each project component. Despite the detailed estimation of the
          closure costs, there is a vast amount of time before the closure plan is to be executed, and
          consequently limits the accuracy of the cost, with the current conceptual closure plan representing
          one of many possible closure options. BHP Canada continues to work with the relevant provincial
          ministries to maintain an appropriate level of financial security for mine closure requirements
          The conceptual closure costs are represented in the economic evaluation as a lump sum one
          year after active mining stops, with primary closure of the mine site buildings, processing plant,
          and non-process infrastructure occurring approximately within the first five years of closure. An
          annual cost of CA$2.7M, exclusive of indirect costs and contingency, is captured in the economic
          evaluation for the duration of the post closure monitoring, maintenance, and the reclamation of
          coarse tailings, accomplished through long-term dissolution by precipitation, collection and
          disposal of the resulting brine through disposal wells, and the reclamation of said disposal wells.
          The closure cost estimate is CA$2.4B, excluding contingency and indirect costs.

17.6 Local procurement and hiring
          BHP works in partnership with Indigenous peoples around the world. The success of these
          relationships is critical to our success as a company.
          BHP is committed to supporting the communities in which we operate through the delivery of local
          industry participation benefits.
          Local and Indigenous Procurement
          The Jansen Project brings significant potential for involving Indigenous and local contractors and
          suppliers with a focus on First Nation organizations. BHP Canada has signed voluntary
          Opportunity Agreements (OAs) with communities near the Jansen Project as follows:
          Kawacatoose First Nation, Day Star First Nation, Muskowekwan First Nation, Beardy’s and
          Okemasis’ Cree Nation, Fishing Lake First Nation, and George Gordon First Nation. The purpose
          of the OAs is to enable a collaborative working relationship between the First Nations and BHP
          Canada by providing business and economic, employment, training and community development
          opportunities. This, in addition to the introduction of 7-day payment terms for all small, local and
          Indigenous owned businesses, which took effect in June 2021.
          Local and Indigenous Hiring
          During Jansen mine operations, BHP Canada has publicly stated our intent is that our Indigenous
          workforce reflects the underlying demographic of the region. For more on Indigenous hiring,
          please see Section 17.4 on social value and agreements.
          Additionally, BHP Canada is expected to implement processes designed to increase Indigenous
          and female participation in employment opportunities independent of the apprenticeship program.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 147




17.7 Discussion of Relative Accuracy/Confidence
          In the Qualified Persons opinion, the risks associated with environmental compliance and
          permitting, water management and cultural heritage are well understood and managed in
          accordance with BHP’s Our Requirements Health, Safety, Environment and Community
          Reporting and regulatory requirements. Our approach to social investment and commitment to
          our local communities has resulted in long-term relationships that will continue for the life of the
          project.
          In the opinion of the Qualified Person, there is a high likelihood that changes to the closure plan
          and cost will occur as it progresses from conceptual design to detailed design. The closure
          management plans should be regularly reviewed to reflect updated asset planning and include
          current knowledge from on-site experience, regionally, across other BHP businesses, and
          globally in the mining industry.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 148



18      Capital and Operating Costs
18.1 Operating Cost
18.1.1 Operating Cost Estimate
          The operating cost estimate for Jansen were developed to capture costs defined as mine gate.
          This includes all costs spanning from the mining face underground to the loading of product to
          rail at the site.
          The operating cost estimate includes all personnel and activities within the battery limits of the
          scope, and also includes operational and statutory management, administration, and support
          personnel associated with the operation. Specifically, the operating cost estimate captures all
          costs related to:

              •    Mining operations and maintenance

              •    Processing operations and maintenance

              •    Non-process infrastructure operations and maintenance

              •    Indirect costs including:
                                ▪       costs associated with the Saskatoon Integrated Operations Centre (IOC)
                                ▪       Marketing and selling costs
                                ▪       Intra-Group Service Charges (IGSC’s) and share & executive awards

              •    Carbon costs and applicable sales tax

              •    Sustaining capital associated with any of the items identified
          There are tax-related expenses that will be incurred by Jansen that are not covered in the
          operating cost estimate and are instead captured within the economic analysis separately. These
          include:

              •    Royalties (including Crown royalties and Saskatchewan resource surcharge)

              •    Business income taxes including potash production taxes, federal income taxes and
                   provincial income taxes)
          The operating cost inputs and drivers have been primarily sourced from bottom-up estimates,
          operational experience and benchmarking, budget quotes from potential vendors, design
          specifications, and currently contracted rates where applicable. The operating cost estimate for
          Jansen Stage 1 is developed to an accuracy level within a +/-25% range. The estimate includes
          costs from all areas from the mine face up to and including the load out operations. Table 18-1
          reflects the operating cost in CA$ and US$ equivalent with breakout between variable and fixed
          costs.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 149


          Table 18-1: Major Components of Operating Costs for Jansen5
                 Cost Category                          Cost Sub Category                       CA$/t KCI       US$/t KCI
                                                        Mine Operating Costs                    5               4
                 Product Variable Costs                 Processing Operating Costs              18              13
                                                        Other Variable Costs                    2               2
                                                                                                CA$M            US$M
                                                        Mine Operating Costs                    80              61
                                                        Processing Operating Costs              64              48
                 Fixed Costs                            Non-Process Infrastructure (NPI)        19              14
                                                        Indirect & Overhead                     59              45
                                                        Other Fixed Costs                       16              12
                 Sustaining Capital                                                             74              56



           Variable costs in each of the areas referenced in Table 18-1 include production consumables,
           utilities (power, natural gas, diesel, and water), as well as processing reagents as the primary
           drivers. These costs will be incurred with the start of saleable product being produced as outlined
           in Table 131. All consumption values per tonne were estimated considering the Jansen
           engineering design and benchmarked estimates from our Potash SME team. The unit costs used
           in the variable cost calculations were sourced from budget quotes from local vendors as well as
           publicly available information where possible.
           Fixed costs within each area consist of labour and maintenance as the primary drivers. Labour
           costs unit rates referenced locally benchmarked labour rates in the region with total headcount
           estimated utilizing the Jansen mining and processing design. Maintenance costs utilized
           benchmarked annual costs for known equipment types multiplied with the known asset counts
           from within the design. Indirect costs were developed reviewing the current BHP benchmarked
           costs from other assets while considering the Potash specific work requirements.
           Sustaining capital costs take into account the continued development of the mine and need to
           install additional material handling infrastructure. Other main drivers within sustaining capital are
           major maintenance programs, asset replacement, and tailings area expansions throughout the
           life of the mine.

18.1.2 Basis and Accuracy Level for Cost Estimates
           The cost estimation procedure and the uncertainty analysis for the operating cost of the project
           has been reviewed and analysed by an independent 3rd party team to remove potential bias from
           the process. The uncertainty analysis was facilitated by the 3rd party team and utilized external
           subject matter experts. All outputs of the estimated process have been reviewed and approved
           as accurate in the opinion of the qualified person and are within level of accuracy stated at the




5 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                 Page 150


          time that they were developed. At the conclusion of the process the mid case estimate outlined
          within this document was acknowledged as within the range of accuracy with limited changes
          suggested.
          The results of the ranging exercises determined the contingency for mine gate, on site rail, and
          sustaining capital fall within the 15% allowable contingency in a PFS. Contingency is developed
          for the Operating Cost estimate and applied within the economic analysis and economic
          evaluation modelling.
          The culmination of the ranging exercises resulted in contingencies appropriate to prefeasibility
          accuracy, which were developed for the Operating Cost estimate and applied within the economic
          analysis, decision evaluation modelling.
          The final resulting estimate that was utilized in the cost analysis was reviewed and endorsed by
          the operating cost estimate owner and deemed suitable for use in the opinion of the qualified
          person within the accuracy stated within this document.

18.2 Capital Cost
18.2.1 Capital Cost Estimate
          Capital cost estimating is the predictive process used to quantify, cost, and price the resources
          required by the scope of an investment option, or project. The basic estimating steps are to
          understand the scope of the activity to quantify the resources required; apply costs to the
          resources; apply pricing adjustments and organize the output in a structured way that supports
          decision-making.
          The Jansen Stage 1 Capital Cost Estimate (Capex) was developed by BHP Canada, its
          consultants and engineering service providers. Communications, power, water, and natural gas
          are provided by provincial crown corporations. Connections to the water and natural gas
          infrastructure are complete from the previous phase. Permanent power and communications will
          be completed during the execution phase of the project. The optimized scope for Jansen Stage 1
          comprises:
          A fully lined Service shaft with permanent hoists capable of 1,750 tph, equipped with steel guides
          and loading/unloading to accommodate two 50-tonne skips and a 90-person service cage;
          A fully lined Production shaft, known as Dalla Valle (DV) shaft. The existing sinking arrangement
          will undergo a hoist and headframe changeover to accommodate the interim hoisting
          requirements for the lateral connection of the two shafts and subsequent shaft pillar development.
          The DV shaft will also serve as secondary personnel and materials movement as well as second
          egress and return air ventilation circuit. This shaft will be fully equipped in subsequent stages;
          A shaft pillar area with skip loading facilities, conveyor networks, raw ore storage bin (vertical),
          remote storage area (horizontal), refuge stations, workshops, materials management areas,
          offices, principal refuge chambers, mobile equipment battery charging stations, and parking
          areas;
          Establishment of two mining districts that each contain two production panels and supporting
          development units, and are connected to the shaft infrastructure through conveyor networks;
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                Page 151


          Production and development mining equipment, including MF460 borers, extendable belt
          systems, continuous miners, batch haulage, and supporting fleet of underground personnel and
          service vehicles;
          A 1,483 tph ore processing plant including:

              •    Raw ore handling, storage, and crushing

              •    Process mill building wet area comprising attrition scrubbing, desliming, flotation, and
                   debrining

              •    Process mill building dry area comprising drying, screening, compaction, and glazing

              •    Tailings processing, crystallizer, and reagents

              •    Product handling, storage, screening, and loadout
          Non-process infrastructure, including a tailings management area, administration building,
          warehousing, workshops, utilities and rail.
          The majority of the direct cost estimate is based on engineering designs which include design
          drawings, 3D models, equipment, and instrument lists based on process flow diagrams and piping
          and instrumentation diagrams, and other engineered quantities. The capex estimate includes
          quantities for common indirects, implementation contractor services (EPCM), owner’s team that
          are based on personnel requirements for the duration of the project. Provincial sales taxes are
          calculated based on Saskatchewan tax regulations. Escalation estimates during execution are
          calculated based on IHS Markit indexes for various commodities and labour types.
          The majority of the direct bulks and equipment supply pricing is based on budget pricing from the
          market. Some of the packages were at very advanced stages of development thus had been
          awarded to the vendors at the time of study completion. The majority of the direct trade labour
          rates are based on input from the tier 1 construction contractors as well as the negotiated project
          labour agreement with the trade unions. In the opinion of the Qualified Person, based on the
          engineering, execution schedule, project execution plan, market pricing and labour pricing
          information available at the time of study, the capex estimate includes all required elements of
          cost to cover the defined scope and is appropriate for the project.
          Total Jansen Stage 1 capex summary is as follows (Table 18-2). Sunk costs are exclusive;
          economic evaluation is performed using go forward costing.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 152


          Table 18-2: Jansen Stage 1 Capex by Area, Real CA$M6


                                                          Total Sunk Projected at               Total to go FY23            Grand Total
                         Description
                                                                end of FY22                        Onwards                    Capex

            Mine                                                       131                              1,927                    2,058

            Mill No. 1                                                  45                              2,002                    2,047

            Non-Process Infrastructure                                  92                               862                      954

            Owners costs, and Operational
                                                                        45                               409                      455
            Readiness Costs

            Total Installed Cost (TIC)                                 312                              5,201                    5,513




           Total sunk cost for FY22 (Jul-2021 to Jun-2022) in the above table is based on the capex input
           calculated in mid CY2021 for valuation purposes and may differ from the actuals by end of the
           FY22. All costs in Table 18-2 are Real CA$M and excludes escalation and inflation.

18.2.2 Basis and Accuracy Level for Cost Estimates
           The majority of the quantities are developed from design drawings, 3D models, equipment, and
           instrument lists based on process flow diagrams, piping and instrumentation diagrams, and other
           engineered quantities. The majority of the pricing of bulks and plant equipment is sourced from
           the market.
           The uncertainty and risk analysis for capex has been facilitated by a 3rd party team to remove
           potential bias from the ranging process, however BHP Canada led the effort for model and results.
           In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the process undertaken for ranging is appropriate and
           based on the project information available at the time of study, covers for all the uncertainties and
           risks that the project may be subject to during execution. The team that ranged the risks and
           uncertainties consisted of both internal and external subject matter experts while applying the
           ranging methodology as described below:

                •     Estimate roll-up of cost and schedule

                •     Solicitation of ranges from various internal and external subject matter experts

                •     Range modelling and analysis

                •     Incorporating Jansen Independent Peer Review recommendations

                •     Final results and reporting




6 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                               Page 153


          Uncertainties and risks are quantified by the following ranging categories:

              •    Scope of work

              •    Labour or service rates

              •    Labour productivity

              •    Supply rates of equipment and bulks

              •    Discrete project risks
          The culmination of the ranging inputs available at the time of risks and uncertainties assessment
          resulted in a total installed cost (TIC) of Real CA$5,513M. This represents an expected
          contingency of up to but not exceeding 15 per cent of the total installed cost. The accuracy range
          around the expected overall capex of Real CA$5,513M is +/-25 per cent. In the opinion of the
          Qualified Person, based on the technical information available and associated ranging on this
          information at the time, resulting contingency and ranges are appropriate for the project to cover
          for uncertainties and risks during execution.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 154



19        Economic Analysis
19.1 Key assumptions, parameters and methods used
           The economic analysis presented in this section is based on annual cash flow projections
           including sales revenue (sales point FOB Mine), operating and closure costs, capital
           expenditures, royalties, income and production taxes.

19.1.1 Mine Plan Physicals
           The mine production is modelled on an expected basis. The expected value is considered to be
           the most likely outcome when considering a range and likelihood of possible scenarios. The
           Expected run-of-mine (RoM) production is 11.45 Mtpa, life of mine grade of 24.8 per cent,
           recovery of 92 per cent and a concentrate of 60.4 per cent K2O resulting in a life of mine average
           of 4.35 Mtpa KCl. The development of the reserves generated is available in Section 12 and the
           mining profile is presented in Sections 13 and 14. Jansen expected annual production is
           presented in Figure 19-1: Jansen planned annual production of finished product.




          Figure 19-1: Jansen planned annual production of finished product7




7 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 155



19.1.2 Potash Price
          The sales point is assumed as Mine gate with annual revenue determined by applying the through
          cycle historic average price, FOB Mine, of US$338/t to the annual life of mine production. The
          development of the historic average pricing is outlined in Section 16 of this document.

19.1.3 Foreign Exchange Rate
          Inputs into the economic analysis are primarily in Canadian dollars with some United States
          dollars inputs. An average foreign exchange rate for the preceding three financial years (July
          2018 to June 2021) of 1.32 CA$/US$ was provided by the registrant to convert and present cash
          flows in US dollars.

19.1.4 Capital and Operating Costs
          Capital costs (refer Section 18.2) prior to FY2023 have been treated as sunk costs and are not
          included in the analysis. Capital expenditure is aligned with mine gate prices and therefore
          exclude all port capital requirements.
          Sustaining capital is estimated over the life of mine at an average rate of US$13/t KCl (refer
          Section 18.1).
          The average operating cost over the life of mine is estimated to be US$61/tonne (refer Section
          18.1). Operating costs are aligned with mine gate prices and therefore exclude all port cost.

19.1.5 Closure Costs
          Closure and rehabilitation costs are included in the economic analysis following the end of mine
          life (refer Section 17.5 Closure Planning).

19.1.6 Royalties and Taxes
          BHP Canada’s potash mining operations will be subject to the following royalties and taxes in
          Canada:
          Saskatchewan Crown Royalties: Royalties of 3 per cent of the value of potash produced based
          on the average price realized by the producer in the year as determined by revenues and sales
          under The Potash Production Tax Regulations.
          Saskatchewan Resource Surcharge: The Resource Surcharge is a corporate capital tax levied at
          a rate of 3 per cent of the value of sales of potash in Saskatchewan.
          Saskatchewan Municipal and School Taxes: Saskatchewan property taxes are levied by
          municipal councils and school boards to support local infrastructure and school programs.
          Saskatchewan Potash Production Tax: The Government of Saskatchewan imposes a Potash
          Production Tax comprising two components, a Base Payment and a Profit Tax.
          Corporate Income Taxes: The Government of Canada and the Government of Saskatchewan
          charge corporate income tax at rates of 15 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively, for a combined
          rate of 27 per cent of taxable income for the year. Saskatchewan Crown Royalties, Resource
          Surcharge, Municipal and School taxes, and Potash Production Tax are deductible for Corporate
          Income Tax purposes.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                 Page 156



19.1.7 Valuation Assumptions
           Discounted annual cash flows are calculated using a 6.5 per cent real, post-tax discount rate at a
           valuation date of 30 June 2022. The discount rate has been provided by the registrant for
           utilisation in the economic analysis and is based on the average of weighted average cost of
           capital disclosures by brokers, adjusted where required for inflation of 2.0 per cent per annum.

19.2 Results
          Results of the economic analysis based on the LoA production schedule of Jansen
                    Stage 1 mineral reserves is summarised in Figure 19-2. Total cash flow
                    forecast of US$60.6 billion, discounted to June 2022 at 6.5 per cent results
                    in a net present value (NPV) of US$5.5 billion. Refer toTable 19-1




           Table 19-1.




          Figure 19-2: Cash Flow summary8




8 - The sole purpose of the annual cash flow data presented above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the
purposes of reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared
based upon Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to
change as assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The
presented information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to “Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements” at the front of this
Technical Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                                Page 157




          Table 19-1: Cash Flow Summary9
              Jansen Stage 1
              Mineral Reserve Cash Flow Summary
              US$ billion
              Revenue                           136.6
              Operating costs                               (24.7)
              Capital expenditures                           (9.3)
              Closure and rehabilitation                     (0.3)
              Taxes                                         (41.8)
              After-tax cash flow                            60.6
              Net present value (6.5%, Jul-22)                 5.5



           The annual projected cash flow presented in Figure 19-2 includes all closure and rehabilitation
           related annual cash flows summed after the final year of mineral reserve production.
           The internal rate of return (IRR) is 15.2 per cent and the payback period is 5 years following first
           production. It is the Qualified Person’s opinion that extraction of the mineral reserve is
           economically viable.



19.3 Sensitivity Analysis
           Economic sensitivity analysis results are presented in Table 19-2: Results of sensitivity analysis
           are based on variations in significant input parameters and assumptions.



          Table 19-2: Results of sensitivity analysis
              NPV US$ billion                                  -10%             Reference             +10%
              Potash price                                      4.5                5.5                 6.5
              Throughput                                         4.5                5.5                6.5
              Grade                                              4.5                5.5                6.5
              Recovery                                           4.5                5.5                6.3
              Exchange Rate                                      5.1                5.5                5.9
              Capital expenditure – project costs                5.8                5.5                5.2
              Operating costs                                    5.7                5.5                5.3




9 - The sole purpose of the presented information above is to demonstrate the economic viability of the mineral reserves for the purposes of
reporting in accordance with S-K 1300 only and should not be used for other purposes. The annual cash flow data was prepared based upon
Pre-Feasibility-level studies and the historic average prices and costs described in this Technical Report Summary; it is subject to change as
assumptions and inputs are updated. The information presented does not guarantee future financial or operational performance. The presented
information contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" at the front of this Technical
Report Summary.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen   Page 158
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                              Page 159



20      Adjacent Properties
          Figure 20-1 shows the properties and their owners adjacent to the Jansen project. BHP Canada
          owns additional potash dispositions north, south, and south-east of Jansen. Exploration on the
          KL 218, KL 211 (Burr) and on KL 205, KL 206, KL 207 (Boulder) properties includes 2D seismic
          surveys followed by some 3D seismic surveys and limited drilling.
          West of Jansen is Nutrien’s Lanigan operation (KLSA 001). Publicly available NI 43-101 reports
          indicate that the Lanigan operation has extracted potash from the same LPL sub-member as
          Jansen is planning to mine since production begin in 1968. Since 2007 the Lanigan operation
          has also expanded mining to the UPL sub-member. Lanigan currently operates three disposal
          wells that inject waste brine into the Winnipeg and Deadwood formations.
          Based on the Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and resources information the KL 282 Potash
          disposition north, north-east of Jansen is owned by Canada Golden Fortune Potash Corp. a
          wholly owned Canadian subsidiary of the Shanghai Jingdi Investment Ltd. company based in
          Shanghai, China. The company’s website indicates that exploration activities at the property were
          limited to 2D seismic surveys.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                    Page 160




        Figure 20-1: Jansen lease and neighbouring potash dispositions and properties.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 161



21      Other Relevant Data and Information
          Annual Risk Reviews are conducted jointly by Assets and the BHP Resource Centre of Excellence
          to ensure significant and material risks to Tenure, Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are
          adequately managed. The Risk Review process identifies key reporting changes regarding the
          annual declaration of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves and agreed actions requiring
          completion prior to BHP’s annual reporting. Issues and opportunities identified during the Risk
          Reviews inform the Annual Assurance Plan and scopes for potential Controls Effectiveness
          Collaborative Assessment reviews and identify good practice that can be shared across BHP.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                   Page 162



22      Interpretation and Conclusions


22.1 Mineral Resources
          The Jansen Mineral Resources are based on available historical data and on an extensive
          exploration program conducted by BHP Canada at the Jansen project. Knowledge gained by
          exploration in adjacent properties and other areas of the basin, from publicly available historical
          data, and from publicly available mining history also contributed to the assessment and
          classification of the Jansen resource. The limited number of drill hole intersections, core sample
          sizes, horizontal and vertical resolution of the seismic data are factors that introduce uncertainty
          into the Mineral Resources estimates. The impact of these were carefully considered during the
          estimation process and in the classification of the resource areas. It is the opinion of the Qualified
          Person, that based on the available data, the known limitations of the data, interpretations, and
          methodologies the Jansen Mineral Resources estimate is considered fit for purpose in supporting
          and for forming the basis of a Mineral Reserves estimate.

22.2 Mineral Reserves
          Uncertainties that affect the reliability or confidence in the Mineral Reserve estimate include but
          are not limited to:

              •    Future macro-economic environment, including product prices and foreign exchange rate;

              •    Changes to operating cost assumptions, including labour costs;

              •    Ability to continue sourcing water from the Saskatoon South East Water Supply;

              •    Ability to preserve ongoing reliable power supply;

              •    Changes to mining, hydrogeological, geotechnical parameters and assumptions reflected
                   in mining recovery;

              •    Ability to maintain environmental and social license to operate;

              •    Integrity of the shaft liner beyond the design life of 70 to 80 years.
          Confidence in the Mineral Reserve is reflected in the applied reserve classifications in accordance
          with the US SEC S-K 1300 with factors influencing classification including but not limited to mining
          methods, processing methods, economic assessment and other life of asset and closure
          assessments.
          In the opinion of the Qualified Person, the positive project NPV provides confidence in the Mineral
          Reserve estimate and the supporting mine plan, under the set of assumptions and parameters
          used in which they were developed. The Probable Mineral Reserve classification considers the
          Measured classification of the Mineral Resources classification and the uncertainty of the mining
          factors.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 163



23      Recommendations
          The Jansen project is currently in Execution phase. First saleable product is expected in 2027,
          with construction expected to take six years. There are no current work plan recommendations
          for the next financial year outside of the planned Jansen Stage 1 project execution.
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                             Page 164



24      References
          The list of the references cited in this report is given below.
          BHP (2021) Press Release. BHP approves investment in Jansen Stage 1 potash project.
          Retrieved 03 March 2022.
          Fuzesy. A, (1982). Potash in Saskatchewan, Saskatchewan Industry and Resource Report 181
          Halabura, S. P., Gebhardt, E. and Kuchling, K. (2005). Technical Report for Subsurface mineral
          permit KP 286, Jansen Area, Saskatchewan. Anglo Minerals Ltd. SEDAR.
          Halabura, S. P. and Gebhardt, E. (2006). Technical Report concerning estimation of mineral
          resource for Upper Belle Plaine sub-member, subsurface mineral permits KP285, KP286, and
          KP290, Jansen Area, Saskatchewan. Anglo Minerals Ltd. SEDAR
          Mackintosh, A. D. and McVittie, G. A. (1983). Geological anomalies observed at the Cominco Ltd.
          Saskatchewan potash mine; in McKercher, R.M. (ed.), Potash 83 Potash Technology – Mining,
          Processing, Maintenance, Transportation, Occupational Health and Safety, Environment,
          Pergamon Press Toronto, pp.59-64.
          Ministry of Environment (2018). Saskatchewan Potash Industry Brine Pond Freeboard Guidelines
          and Reporting Requirement.
          The Oil and Gas Conservation Regulations, (1985)
          The Environment Assessment Act. Saskatchewan
          Mineral Industry Environmental Protection Regulations, Saskatchewan
          Potash Production Tax and Crown Royalty:
          https://publications.saskatchewan.ca/api/v1/products/112630/formats/126664/download
SEC Technical Report Summary – Jansen                                                                                 Page 165



25      Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant
          The Qualified Persons have relied on information provided by BHP in preparing its findings and
          conclusions regarding certain aspects of modifying factors, which are listed in Table 25-1.


        Table 25-1: Reliance on Information Provided by the Registrant
                                        Report       Portion of              Disclose Why the Qualified
           Category                     Item/        Technical Report        Person Considers it Reasonable
                                        Portion      Summary                 to Rely upon the Registrant
                                                     Market Information      Based on industry experience to date, the
                                        Section
           Marketing Plans                           and Market Entry        marketing plans provided by BHP appear to be
                                        16.1
                                                     Strategies              reasonable for a new market entrant.
                                                                             Information maintained by BHP through a
                                        Section      Information
           Marketing Information                                             specialist Market Analysis and Economics
                                        16.1         concerning markets
                                                                             team.
                                        Section      Contracts required to   Information maintained by a dedicated Supply
           Marketing
                                        16.2         develop the property    team within BHP.
                                                     Environmental
                                        Section
                                                     Studies and Impact      Matters related to environmental studies and
                                        17.1
           Environmental matters                     Assessments             permitting are undertaken by professional teams
                                        Section
                                                     Project Permitting      within BHP.
                                        17.3
                                                     Requirements
                                                                             Matters related to environmental studies are
                                                                             undertaken by professional teams within BHP.
                                                                             The closure cost estimate represents future
                                        Section
           Environmental matters                     Closure Planning        costs based on current conceptual expectations
                                        17.5
                                                                             of site future conditions. Closure management
                                                                             plans are regularly reviewed and updated to
                                                                             ensure relevancy in current context.
                                                     Social Plans and
                                        Section                              Matters related to social plans, agreements with
                                                     Agreements with
                                        17.4                                 local groups, local procurement and hiring are
           Plans for local groups                    Local groups, Local
                                        Section                              managed by dedicated professional teams
                                                     procurement and
                                        17.7                                 within BHP.
                                                     Hiring
                                                                             Matters related to discount rate, FX rates, and
                                                                             interest rates are maintained by financial
                                                     Foreign Exchange
           Macro-economic                                                    professionals within BHP and the accounting
                                        Section 19   rates (FX) and
           Assumptions                                                       practices are externally audited annually. The
                                                     discount rates
                                                                             discount and FX rates appear appropriate and in
                                                                             line with current market conditions.
           Governmental factors         Section      Royalty and taxation    These are external factors that BHP has to
                                        19.1                                 comply with and data is maintained by financial
                                                                             professionals within BHP
