For personal use only
                        Cochlear Limited
                        Annual Report
                        2020
               Our story
               Graeme Clark wanted to fix ears
               From a young age, Professor Graeme Clark knew what he




For personal use only
               wanted to do: “I want to fix ears.” He had watched his
               father, a pharmacist, struggle with hearing loss, and
               wanted to save others from the same hardship and
               isolation.

               Then he spotted a shell
               Professor Clark had a concept – and the ambition to see it
               through – but the challenges of the time made it difficult to
               turn idea into action. It was an encounter on a beach that
               was the final step Graeme needed. In a shell and a blade of
               grass – rigid at its roots but malleable at the tip – Graeme
               saw the structure that would allow an electrode array to
               adapt to any curve. It was here that the opportunity to
               connect hundreds of thousands of people to a life of
               hearing first came to light.

               It helped to establish a company to
               bring that vision to life
               Professor Clark changed the world – he and his team developed a new way of treating hearing loss. From the realisation of one
               man’s dream, our global company was formed and hundreds of thousands of people have now experienced life’s opportunities
               through hearing. Today we continue Professor Clark’s dream and connect hearing implant recipients everywhere.

               Our work is far from over
               The history of our organisation has always been about transforming lives – giving people the opportunity to enjoy a life of
               hearing. Professor Clark was inspired to “fix ears” – and so too was Dr Anders Tjellström, who performed the world's first bone
               conduction hearing implant surgery in Gothenburg in 1977.
               The work of these pioneering researchers – and their brave first recipients – laid the foundation for our company. This drive
               has always been a part of our DNA – we gain our inspiration from the people we serve and support. That’s what inspires our
               journey forward.




                        Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Contents
               2        Financial history                                    40    Remuneration report




For personal use only
               3        Letter to shareholders                               58    Directors’ report
               11       Market leadership                                    63    Financial statements
               15       Operating and financial review                       112   Shareholder information
               33       Board of directors                                   113   Contact information
               36       Executive team



               Shareholder reports
               Cochlear publishes a number of online shareholder reports aimed at improving transparency and making information easier
               to access. They are a great companion to the Annual Report and are all available at the Investor section of the website,
               www.cochlear.com.



                                             Strategy Overview                                            ESG Report
                                             The Strategy Overview provides an                            The ESG (Environmental, Social
                                             insight into Cochlear’s strategy to                          and Governance) Report outlines
                                             retain market leadership, grow the                           how we aim to improve the impact
                                             hearing implant market and deliver                           we have on our communities, the
                                             consistent revenue and earnings                              environment and our employees
                                             growth over the long term.                                   and reflects our commitment to
                                                                                                          high standards of corporate
                                                                                                          governance.




                                             Corporate Governance                                         Tax Contribution
                                             Statement                                                    Report
                                             The      Corporate   Governance                              The Tax Contribution Report
                                             Statement      summarises    the                             covers Cochlear’s taxes paid in
                                             Company’s corporate governance                               Australia and globally and details
                                             practices and incorporates the                               the global tax strategy.
                                             disclosures required by the ASX
                                             Corporate Governance Council’s
                                             Corporate Governance Principles
                                             and     Recommendations     (3rd
                                             Edition).




               1
               Financial history
               Cochlear has a long track record of delivering growing sales revenue,




For personal use only
               profits* and dividends, disrupted in FY20 by the impact of COVID‐19.

                                                                               Cochlear implants
                         7%
                                                                                                                                                                           31,662
                                                                                            units
                          in FY20




                   FY96 FY97 FY98 FY99 FY00 FY01 FY02 FY03 FY04 FY05 FY06 FY07 FY08 FY09 FY10 FY11 FY12 FY13 FY14 FY15 FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20




                                                                                                                                                                           1,352
                                                                                   Sales revenue
                         6%                                                              $million
                          in FY20




                   FY96 FY97 FY98 FY99 FY00 FY01 FY02 FY03 FY04 FY05 FY06 FY07 FY08 FY09 FY10 FY11 FY12 FY13 FY14 FY15 FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20




                                                                                       Net profit
                         42%                                                     $million – adjusted*
                                                                                                                                                                            154
                           in FY20




                   FY96 FY97 FY98 FY99 FY00 FY01 FY02 FY03 FY04 FY05 FY06 FY07 FY08 FY09 FY10 FY11 FY12 FY13 FY14 FY15 FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20




                                                                                      Dividends
                        52%                                                             per share
                          in FY20                                                                                                                                          $1.60




                   FY96 FY97 FY98 FY99 FY00 FY01 FY02 FY03 FY04 FY05 FY06 FY07 FY08 FY09 FY10 FY11 FY12 FY13 FY14 FY15 FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20



               * Excludes the following items after tax: FY12 ‐ product recall costs of $101 million, FY14 ‐ patent dispute provision of $16 million, FY19 ‐ $11 million
               innovation fund gains and FY20 ‐ $416 million patent litigation expense and $24 million innovation fund gains.



               2         Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Letter to shareholders




For personal use only
               Cochlear had a strong start to FY20 with cochlear implants delivering a 13% increase in unit
               growth in the first half. The launch of the Cochlear™ Nucleus® Profile™ Plus Series cochlear
               implant was well‐received, driving share gains in many markets. The impact of COVID‐19
               on the business during the second half was substantial, with the deferral of cochlear
               implant surgeries across the world. As COVID‐19 started to impact the business, we were
               very clear that we wanted to emerge from the pandemic in a stronger competitive
               position, placing a high priority on keeping our valuable workforce intact and continuing
               to invest in our R&D programs and market growth activities. While still early days, surgeries
               have resumed in many markets.
               The impact of COVID‐19 on profitability was significant with underlying net profit declining by 42% to $153.8 million. After
               factoring in patent litigation expenses and innovation fund gains, Cochlear recorded a net loss of $238.3 million for FY20. In
               response, we have taken actions to strengthen our balance sheet and liquidity position to enable the business to weather the
               expected business disruption caused by COVID‐19.
               Throughout this time, Cochlear has been focused on keeping all employees safe, and supporting customers and communities,
               while following all local and country guidance in the regions we operate throughout the world. The team at Cochlear shares its
               heartfelt empathy with the communities impacted worldwide by COVID‐19. As the world responds to this pandemic, we remain
               committed to supporting our customers, employees and communities to ensure that the vital work of delivering implantable
               hearing solutions to patients continues.

               Cochlear implants
               The cochlear implant business delivered strong growth in the first half of the year as the Nucleus Profile Plus Series cochlear
               implant was successfully launched across major markets. The positive momentum was however disrupted in the second half
               by COVID‐19 with elective surgeries deferred across the world as infection rates grew. We experienced a significant and rapid
               decline in revenue from mid‐March to early‐May, the point at which surgeries began to resume.
               By the end of June, market conditions still varied greatly across our markets with surgery volumes recovering quickly in China,
               the US, Germany, Benelux and Australia and more slowly in the UK, Spain and Italy. Surgeries across most emerging markets,
               including India and Latin America, have remained very low as COVID‐19 cases continue to grow.
               The portfolio was boosted by the addition of a number of new products including the Cochlear™ Nucleus® Profile Plus with
               Slim 20 Electrode and the Cochlear™ Nucleus® Kanso® 2 Sound Processor which are currently being launched across major
               markets.




               3
               Services
               Services were materially impacted by COVID‐19 in the fourth quarter of FY20. While some recipients have been able to access
               sound processor upgrades remotely, clinic closures have delayed access to sound processor upgrades for many people.
               Cochlear’s remote servicing capability, with tools including Cochlear™ Link and Remote Check, are assisting clinicians and
               recipients with performance, mapping, and troubleshooting in markets where they are approved. Many countries and clinics
               have been adapting, enabling greater levels of remote access and programming to assist recipients unable to visit clinics as a




For personal use only
               result of COVID‐19. In recognition of the importance of providing support, the FDA fast‐tracked approval of Remote Check in
               April.

               Acoustics
               In the first half, we experienced some loss of market share from competitor product launches. The market also slowed more
               than expected in anticipation of the launch of the next generation bone conduction implant, the Cochlear™ Osia® 2 System,
               which commenced its rollout in the US in February. Like cochlear implants, the second half was materially impacted by COVID‐
               19 due to the delay of elective surgeries.
               Acoustics revenue is largely generated from the US and the UK. Surgery volumes have improved in the US since May with
               increasing demand for the Osia 2 System. Acoustic implant surgeries in the UK, however, have not yet restarted following the
               COVID‐19 shutdowns.

               Managing through the pandemic
               Since the outbreak of COVID‐19, the normal structures of business life needed to rapidly and radically adapt. We changed the
               way we managed the business, setting aside the normal planning cycles, and enacting our business continuity plan. Guided by
               our mission, our immediate priorities were to:
                       Ensure the health and safety of our employees;
                       Provide ongoing support to our recipients, clinics and professional partners; and
                       Maintain the financial health of the Company.
               Our employees represent around two‐thirds of our operating costs. They have valuable experience and make great
               contributions to Cochlear’s mission. We do not want to reduce our workforce as we believe the disruption will be temporary.
               We have however significantly reduced non‐essential spending and capital expenditure and will continue to do so until there
               is a sustained increase in surgeries. We also implemented a hiring freeze, with temporary pay reductions for the Board and
               senior management across the business in the last quarter of FY20.
               We changed the way we worked together with the majority of employees working from home across the globe from mid‐
               March. The rapid and successful transition
               to communicating via video meetings, best
               practice sharing sessions, rebalancing
               workloads across the business via our
               ‘marketplace’ initiative and conducting
               weekly global town hall meetings has
               actually enhanced workplace engagement
               for most, with many of the new ways of
               doing business to continue post pandemic.
               Cochlear’s teams have remained focused on
               providing support to recipients, while
               continuing their outreach programs with
               candidates through the Company’s direct‐
               to‐consumer marketing efforts. The rapid
               adoption of online and video conferencing
               tools with our professional partners,
               candidates and recipients is to be
               commended and has ensured that we can                        Keeping people connected and informed via regular
               continue to provide valuable education and                               employee video briefings
               support throughout the pandemic.




               4           Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               We have continued to invest in the R&D pipeline with the
               majority of projects progressing to schedule, including
               products currently in the regulatory approval process.
               With the rapid changes in the operating landscape,
               including clinic closures and access to telemedicine in
               some markets, we took the opportunity to review our R&D
               priorities, opting to scale up our connected care efforts




For personal use only
               even more.
               We have spent many years developing our remote care
               solutions, with the connectivity of the Cochlear™ Nucleus®
               7 Sound Processor to the cloud enabling a suite of remote
               capability. We are now starting to gain regulatory approval
               for remote care solutions that can provide recipients and
               audiologists with the ability to access efficient and
               convenient care. We continue to work on securing
               reimbursement for these solutions as a way to drive              Cochlear webinars providing online education
               greater adoption.                                                 and support for professionals and recipients
               Customer servicing has been largely unaffected with the
               Global Repair Centre fully operational. Cochlear’s
               manufacturing and service and repair centres have been                                    R&D expenditure
               deemed as essential services and continue to operate.                                                                    14%    250




                                                                                  15%




               Manufacturing output of cochlear and acoustic implant              10%
                                                                                                                                               200




               systems has been reduced to manage inventory levels.               5%



                                                                                                                                               150




               The supply chain continues to be largely intact. Our               0%




               conservative approach to inventory management and                                                                         185
                                                                                                                                               100
                                                                                  -5%




               long‐term supplier relations ensured that there were no
                                                                                 -10%




                                                                                                                                               50




               supply shortages for components. The business continues
                                                                                 -15%




                                                                                 -20%                                                          -




               to carry adequate levels of inventory for most components
                                                                                        FY11 FY12 FY13 FY14 FY15 FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20
               and is managing distribution in line with customer demand
               to enable continued supply of products to customers.                          R&D expenditure ($m)      R&D / Sales revenue %

               Maintaining the financial health of Cochlear ultimately                   Continuing to progress the R&D pipeline
               enables us to pursue our mission. The liquidity position has
               been strengthened through a $1.1 billion capital raising
               and $225 million increase in debt facilities during March
               and April.
               There is no doubt the last few months have been very challenging. As we progressively return to working from the office, we
               are also taking the opportunity to learn. Many of the new ways of doing business both internally and with our customers will
               be continued post pandemic.

               Retaining market leadership
               Cochlear has been the global leader in implantable hearing solutions for 40 years. The
               investment in R&D aims to strengthen our leadership position through the development of
               market‐leading technology.
               In FY20, we invested $185 million in R&D, in line with FY19 levels, and representing 14% of
               sales revenue. Investment in the R&D pipeline continued despite COVID‐19 with the
               majority of projects progressing to schedule, including products currently in the regulatory
               approval process.                                                                                       Cochlear™
               The highlight for the year has been the approval of a number of important new products               Nucleus® Kanso® 2
               spanning all components of the product portfolio, with many approvals received either just            Sound Processor
               before, or during, the COVID‐19 shutdowns. These include:




               5
               Implants and electrodes
                Cochlear™ Osia® 2 System
                Cochlear™ Nucleus® Profile™ Plus with Slim 20 Electrode
               Sound processors
                Cochlear™ Nucleus® Kanso® 2 Sound Processor




For personal use only
                Cochlear™ Nucleus® 7 Sound Processor for Nucleus 22                                             Cochlear™ Osia® 2
                 implant recipients                                                                                   System
               Clinical and surgical support tools
                Custom Sound® Pro fitting software
                Nucleus® SmartNav System
                                                                                       Nucleus® SmartNav
               Connected care
                                                                                            System
                Remote Check solution for cochlear implants

               Growing the market for hearing implants
               As the global leader, Cochlear is focused on driving long‐term market growth by transforming the way people understand and
               treat moderately severe to profound hearing loss through awareness and access activities. In FY20, we continued to invest in
               expanding our programs for driving growth of the adults and seniors segment which include direct‐to‐consumer marketing
               activities, building hearing aid channel referrals from the hearing aid and ENT channels, and standard of care initiatives aimed
               at building a consistent treatment pathway for adults with severe to profound hearing loss.
               The Cochlear Provider Network continued to expand and is building education of the indications and benefits of cochlear
               implants to hearing aid audiologists in the US and is starting to provide a referral pathway to cochlear implant surgeons.
               We also hit some key milestones with improved indications and/or funding for our products across a number of markets
               including:
               Expanded indications
                       US: approval to lower the age of paediatric cochlear implantation from 12 to nine months for Cochlear’s implant portfolio
                       Belgium: expansion of reimbursement criteria for cochlear implants to include candidates with a severe hearing loss
                       Czech Republic: funding for cochlear implants for adults
                       France: reimbursement approved for Baha sound processors
               FDA approval lowers the age of paediatric cochlear implantation to nine months
               In March, Cochlear™ Nucleus® implants obtained FDA approval to be implanted in children from nine months of age, down
               from 12 months, for children with bilateral, profound sensorineural hearing loss.
               Cochlear’s Nucleus implants have been FDA approved for use in children
               since 1990, with the last indication change for lowering the age of
               implantation for children, achieved in 2000. Decades of research and current
               surgical and clinical practice underscore the efficacy of earlier implantation
               for children so that they can achieve their personal best language and speech
               outcomes.
               The research and support in practice by trained hearing health professionals
               provided the foundation to approve the lowering of the indication to nine
               months, along with the considerable developments in technology and
               evolving speech coding strategies in modern day cochlear implant devices.
               Our market access teams endeavour to expand the availability and/or
               funding of our products to those who can most benefit. This approval                  Early intervention is important for
               ensures children born deaf can have access to sound via cochlear
                                                                                                      developing language and social
               implantation sooner and provide them with earlier opportunities to develop
               speech and language which can help them meet developmental milestones
                                                                                                                    skills
               with their peers born with hearing.



               6           Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Cost‐effectiveness of cochlear implants in adults
               As we look to the future, we believe the cost‐effectiveness of health
               interventions will become a more important consideration in the allocation
               of healthcare spending.
               Payers are increasingly demanding cost‐effectiveness data to support
               funding for health interventions. We believe Cochlear is well positioned




For personal use only
               with numerous studies demonstrating the cost‐effectiveness of cochlear
               implants for both children and adults.
               For a pre‐lingual deaf child, the return to society is more than 13 times
               every dollar spent on a cochlear implant solution based on the cost savings
               in education and improved productivity as an adult.
               Dementia and other cognitive decline diseases are some of the costliest
               conditions to treat in the world, at an estimated US$1 trillion in 2018 and
               estimated to double by 2030. Unfortunately, individuals with severe
               hearing loss are almost five times more likely to develop dementia than
               people without hearing loss. The effective use of hearing aids and implants      Studies demonstrate the
               is cost‐effective and has been proven in adults and seniors with an                cost‐effectiveness of
               estimated return on investment of 10:1.                                         cochlear implants for adults
               China manufacturing facility and new US head office
               In 2017, after more than 20 years operating in China,
               Cochlear announced plans to establish a A$90
               million manufacturing facility in Chengdu, Sichuan
               Province. This China Expansion Project is part of our
               supply chain strategy, to ensure we expand our
               global manufacturing capacity to facilitate local
               market      growth     and    provide      additional
               manufacturing support for products in China and
               emerging markets.
               Major construction milestones were completed by
               the end of June, with finalisation of interiors and
               commissioning expected by the end of 2020. The
               regulatory approval process is expected to take
               around two years, with manufacturing to commence             Construction of Cochlear’s China manufacturing
               once we have received the necessary regulatory
                                                                              facility to be completed by the end of 2020
               approvals.
               In May, our US team celebrated the opening of our
               new US headquarters located in Denver, Colorado.
               The new US$20 million headquarters has been
               designed to meet the growth needs of the business
               over the coming years. The new, larger office
               includes training rooms, a customer experience
               centre, a fitness centre and café.




                                                                            Cochlear’s new US head office in Denver, Colorado
                                                                                            opened in May




               7
               Adverse litigation outcome
               In March, the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington, DC affirmed the US District Court award of patent
               infringement damages against Cochlear and its US subsidiary Cochlear Americas in the lawsuit by the Alfred E Mann Foundation
               for Scientific Research (AMF) and Advanced Bionics LLC (AB), with payment of US$280 million, including post judgment interest,
               made in June. Cochlear intends to lodge an appeal with the US Supreme Court against the Judgment.
               The case related to two patents that have long expired. The Court had previously invalidated the first patent with the remaining




For personal use only
               patent much narrower in scope. We believe the amount of damages awarded was out of proportion with the limited application
               of the patented feature, acknowledging that inflated damages awards are a risk of patent disputes in the US.
               Subsequent to year‐end, Cochlear agreed to a settlement with AMF and AB of pre‐judgment interest and attorneys’ fees
               totalling US$75 million. At 30 June 2020, Cochlear has provided US$75 million in relation to this settlement which is included
               in the patent litigation expense within the Income Statement. The settlement is conditional upon the outcome of an appeal by
               Cochlear to the US Supreme Court against the US$280 million Judgment. If Cochlear’s Supreme Court appeal is successful,
               there may be a new trial to redetermine the quantum of damages.
               As the patent at issue in the litigation has expired, the judgment will not disrupt Cochlear’s business or customers in the US.

               Board renewal
               Over recent years we have implemented a Board renewal process, bringing onto the Board a number of new directors with
               diverse backgrounds and relevant experience. We have sought to maintain a balance of continuity, and to introduce new skill
               sets. We have been pleased with all the recent appointments, with the new directors adding great perspective and value to
               our Board discussions.
               Two new directors join the Board this year, Michael Daniell and Christine McLoughlin. Michael was appointed in January and
               has worked in the medical device industry for over 40 years. He has extensive executive leadership experience and was
               Managing Director and CEO of Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corporation Ltd from November 2001 to March 2016.
               Christine will join in November and is a highly respected company director with domestic and international experience in
               financial and health services and telecommunications. She is recognised for her achievements in driving continuous
               improvements in organisational culture and performance, and her focus on creating value for shareholders by delivering for
               customers.
               Long‐serving non‐executive director Donal O’Dwyer will be retiring from the Company’s board at the end of the 2020 annual
               general meeting. Donal has provided invaluable counsel in his 15 years of service to the Cochlear board. His extensive technical
               expertise in the medical device and healthcare industries, along with his significant management experience globally in these
               industries, have contributed greatly to Cochlear’s strategic direction. On behalf of the board, I would like to sincerely thank
               Donal for his service and contribution to Cochlear and wish him well for the future.

               Establishment of gender diversity targets
               Our Diversity and Inclusion Framework, launched just over two years ago, is driving greater awareness across the organisation
               of the importance of a diverse and inclusive workplace.
               Achieving gender equality is one important element of our Diversity and Inclusion strategy. We strive for gender balance of
               40:40:20, which means that 40‐60 per cent of either gender is represented (40% women, 40% men, 20% open). While over
               50% of Cochlear’s employees are female, the representation of females reduces as the level of seniority increases.
               In this context, we have set a target to achieve at least 40% female representation amongst our senior leaders within three
               years, from 36% today. At Board level, we are targeting 30% female representation over the next two years, from 20% today.
               Achievement of this target is being supported by focused activities in the areas of Talent Succession and Talent Acquisition,
               with the aim of increasing our pipeline of female talent. A range of
                                                                                                       Gender diversity targets
               additional activities and policies recognised as key enablers to
               gender equality continue to be implemented to support improved
               access to work for all employees. These include a focus on Board members                     30%       30%        40%
               continuing to embed flexible working for employees globally,
               further deployment of our Inclusive Leadership programs with a          Senior leaders        40%          40%       20%
               focus on unconscious bias education for all leaders, and continuing
               work to ensure gender pay equity across our global workforce.                                   Female    Male    Open




               8        Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Trading update and FY21 outlook
               As COVID‐19 started to impact the business, we were very clear that we wanted to emerge from the pandemic in a stronger
               competitive position, placing a high priority on keeping our valuable workforce intact and continuing to invest in our R&D
               programs and market growth activities. Our market position has strengthened during FY20, with growing share and a
               continuing shift to our cochlear implants with perimodiolar electrodes, now representing around 60% of our implant mix in
               markets where it is available. And the product portfolio has been expanded with a range of new products that are expected to




For personal use only
               drive further improvements in share.
               In April cochlear implant revenue fell by nearly 60%. We have been experiencing an improving trend in trading since May with
               the recommencement of surgeries across most markets. In June/July cochlear implant revenue was 85% of last year as a result
               of a combination of new surgeries and rescheduled surgeries. There continues to be a significant level of variability across
               countries, with developed market momentum well ahead of the emerging markets.
               For the developed markets, unit volumes were in line with last year for the June/July trading period, reflecting both a return
               to surgery and market share gains. While the resumption of surgeries in the US, Germany, Japan and northern Europe has been
               quite rapid, there are still a number of markets with lower levels of surgery activity including the UK, Italy and Spain.
               It has also been pleasing to see that the segment mix, that is, the split between children, adults and seniors, reflects the pre‐
               COVID‐19 mix across most countries. In countries where surgery rates remain relatively low, the clear priority continues to be
               the implantation of children.
               While the resumption of elective surgeries is positive, we caution that there is still risk, noting that second waves of COVID‐19
               cases are likely to remain a reality for some time and may result in new restrictions to elective surgery, complicating recovery
               plans and timing.
               We also recognise that the surgeries currently occurring, particularly for adults and seniors, include a catch up of delayed
               surgeries from March to May. We will get a clearer picture of the impact of clinic closures in April and May on the new candidate
               pipeline over the next few months. While the majority of clinics have re‐opened, many are still running below capacity as they
               recommence operations sensibly, mindful of the need to continue social distancing disciplines. As a result, we expect there to
               be some impact on the number of patient assessments for cochlear and acoustic implants until clinic throughput normalises.
               Our direct‐to‐consumer activities, which continued throughout COVID‐19 shutdowns, have been aimed at providing additional
               support to candidates, and potential candidates, and it is hoped that these activities may assist in more quickly rebuilding the
               candidate pipeline.
               For the emerging markets, unit volumes were at 50% of last year for the June/July trading period. Surgeries in China are growing
               quickly, and we remain committed to continuing to invest in further growth. In other markets, including India and Latin
               America, surgeries have remained very low as COVID‐19 cases continue to grow.
               Services revenue run rates have been improving since May with June/July revenue at around 70% of last year. The launch of
               the Kanso 2 Sound Processor, the growing recipient base and the adoption of remote care tools are expected to underpin
               demand for upgrades over the longer term. In the near term, however, we expect clinic capacity for upgrades to be lower than
               normal.
               Acoustic revenue run rates have also been improving since May with June/July revenue at around 70% of last year. Surgery
               volumes have been recovering in the US since May with strong demand for the Osia 2 System. Acoustic implant surgeries in
               the UK, however, have not yet restarted following the COVID‐19 shutdowns. We continue to be excited about the potential for
               the Osia 2 System. It represents a significant improvement in performance, aesthetics and quality of life for bone conduction
               patients and has received an enthusiastic response from surgeons and patients in the US since launch. We are aiming to get
               regulatory approval for the Osia 2 System in Europe by mid 2021.
               Cochlear’s liquidity position is strong following the $1.1 billion capital raising and expansion of debt facilities in March.
               Combined net cash and undrawn debt facilities total $987 million as at 30 June. With revenues improving, operating cash flow
               is currently around breakeven levels. In considering use of cash for FY21, we are forecasting around $90 million in capital
               expenditure. It should also be noted that the payment of US$75 million in prejudgment interest and attorneys’ fees relating to
               the litigation case is conditional upon the outcome of an appeal by Cochlear to the US Supreme Court. Cochlear will deposit
               the funds into an escrow account pending the outcome of the appeal.
               In March, Cochlear announced the suspension of the dividend until trading conditions improve. The Board expects to resume
               payment of a dividend once a clear and sustained improvement in sales revenue has been established and cash flow generation
               is sufficient to support its resumption.




               9
               Due to the uncertain timing of a global recovery from the pandemic, we cannot reliably estimate FY21 revenues, so will not be
               providing earnings guidance. A trading update will be provided at the annual general meeting on 20 October. Our investment
               priorities for FY21 will be focused on market growth activities and strengthening our competitive position, while continuing to
               limit non‐essential spending until we have greater confidence in the outlook. There are a number of cost base considerations
               for FY21, which may be adapted if trading conditions materially change:
                       Operating expenses (excluding R&D) are forecast to increase by around 4% with the growing investment in market growth
                        activities and re‐instatement of the short‐term incentive provision, partly offset by lower levels of more discretionary




For personal use only
                        spending;
                       Investment in R&D is expected to increase to around $190‐195 million;
                       We expect to receive some further government support following the receipt in FY20 of $24 million in COVID‐19‐related
                        government assistance from a number of countries;
                       FX contracts gains/(losses) are expected to be close to zero as a result of minimal hedging in FY21; and
                       Depreciation and amortisation (including AASB16‐related) is expected to be around $80 million.

               Longer‐term outlook
               As we look to the future, we remain confident about the opportunity to grow our markets. There remains a significant, unmet
               and addressable clinical need for cochlear and acoustic implants that is expected to continue to underpin the long‐term
               sustainable growth of the business.
               As we transition from dealing with a health crisis to assessing the long‐term economic impacts of the pandemic, we are thinking
               more about what may change in the hearing implant landscape. There will no doubt be opportunities as well as risks that mean
               we may need to adapt our strategy.
               Front of mind is the debt burden that economies will face and the increased competition for health funding. We see a real
               potential for payers to accelerate the adoption of health economic considerations, allocating spending to more cost‐effective
               interventions. Cochlear implants provide a cost‐effective solution for all age groups, delivering significant returns on the
               investment made by the healthcare system. While we believe our intervention is well‐positioned, it is too early to understand
               what, if any, implications there will be for healthcare spending or how our products may be prioritised.
               The pandemic has also driven the rapid adoption of telehealth and telemedicine which may lead to faster than expected
               structural changes in healthcare delivery. We experienced this first hand with the FDA fast‐tracking the approval of our Remote
               Check solution in the US. Our professional partners too have shown greater interest and demand for our connected care
               solutions over the last few months which also include Cochlear Link and Remote Programming in many markets. We have been
               investing in connected care solutions for many years and believe they provide the opportunity to open up access to our
               products and optimise outcomes for recipients by transforming the care model while delivering efficiencies to clinics.
               We are also aware that there may be other risks and we are carefully monitoring business performance.

               Our employees
               Cochlear has a diverse global workforce focused on our business and on transforming the lives of people with hearing loss. We
               employ over 4,000 people and sell our products in over 180 countries. The knowledge, expertise and passion of our employees
               are key to our future and the focus on delivering excellence for our customers is an important part of our success and our
               market leadership position.
               Our employees understand the importance of Cochlear being successful over the long term so that we can continue to support
               our recipients. There are few companies that start a lifetime journey with each new customer every day.
               On behalf of the Board, we congratulate and thank all Cochlear employees for their outstanding efforts and contributions this
               year.




               Rick Holliday‐Smith                                      Dig Howitt
               Chairman                                                 CEO & President




               10           Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Market leadership
               Cochlear has been the global leader in implantable hearing solutions for 40 years. The investment in R&D aims to strengthen
               our leadership position through the development of market‐leading technology. In FY20, we invested $185 million in R&D, in
               line with FY19 levels, and representing 14% of sales revenue. Investment in the R&D pipeline continued despite COVID‐19 with




For personal use only
               the majority of projects progressing to schedule, including products currently in the regulatory approval process.

               New product approvals
               The highlight for the year has been the approval of a number of important new products spanning all components of the
               product portfolio, with many approvals received either just before, or during, the COVID‐19 shutdowns. These include:




                        Cochlear™ Osia® 2        Cochlear™ Nucleus®              Cochlear™ Nucleus® 7 Sound             Cochlear™
                             System               Profile™ Plus with              Processor for Nucleus® 22         Nucleus® Kanso® 2
                                                  Slim 20 Electrode                   implant recipients             Sound Processor




                         Custom Sound® Pro        Nucleus® SmartNav                            Remote Check solution for
                           fitting software            System                                     cochlear implants




               11
               Cochlear™ Osia® 2 System
               The Cochlear™ Osia® 2 System expands the Acoustics portfolio into the next
               generation of bone conduction hearing solutions. It is the world’s first active
               osseointegrated steady‐state implant, using digital piezoelectric stimulation to
               bypass damaged areas of the natural hearing system, sending sound vibrations
               directly to the cochlea. Pre‐market trials have demonstrated significant




For personal use only
               improvements in outcomes for patients1 over traditional bone conduction hearing
               solutions, and we are already experiencing high demand for the new implant in the
               US.
               We believe the Osia 2 System is the right product to drive category growth and
               deepen penetration of bone conduction implants over time. The new implant
               provides a significant improvement in performance and aesthetics for bone
                                                                                                            The Cochlear™ Osia® 2 System
               conduction patients with an enthusiastic response from surgeons and patients over                provides a significant
               the past few months.                                                                         improvement in performance
                                                                                                               and aesthetics for bone
               Cochlear™ Nucleus® Profile™ Plus with Slim 20                                                     conduction patients
               Electrode
               In February, Cochlear received FDA approval for the Cochlear™ Nucleus® Profile™
               Plus with Slim 20 Electrode (CI624). The Slim 20 Electrode expands Cochlear’s
               portfolio which consists of the slimmest atraumatic electrodes on the market,
               providing an option for surgeons who prefer an insertion depth of up to 20mm with
               a lateral wall electrode.
               The addition of the Slim 20 Electrode further strengthens Cochlear’s market‐leading
               portfolio of electrodes designed for structural preservation, hearing performance,
               and surgeon preference.

               Cochlear™ Nucleus® Kanso® 2 Sound Processor
               In July, we received FDA approval for the Cochlear™ Nucleus® Kanso® 2 Sound
                                                                                                                 Cochlear™ Nucleus®
               Processor, the world’s smallest2 off‐the‐ear cochlear implant with proven hearing              Profile™ Plus with Slim 20
               performance technologies3‐6. It is the first and only off‐the‐ear cochlear implant                 Electrode (CI624)
               sound processor to offer direct streaming from compatible Apple or Android™
               devices, and is compatible with the Nucleus Smart App, enabling control of device
               settings, functions and information.
               The Kanso 2 Sound Processor features an integrated rechargeable battery7 and the
               highest possible water resistance rating for any off‐the‐ear cochlear implant sound
               processor, giving users the freedom to live an active lifestyle.
               To help users hear more of what they want to listen to, the Nucleus Kanso 2 Sound
               Processor features proven hearing performance technologies. Dual microphones
               filter out background noise to help provide better hearing performance in noise
               compared to a single microphone4. With ForwardFocus, users can reduce noise from
               behind them to help them focus on conversations in front of them6. SmartSound® IQ
               with SCAN helps users to hear more clearly in a range of listening environments by
               capturing sound through dual microphones and analysing surroundings before
                                                                                                                The Cochlear™ Nucleus®
               automatically adjusting the settings for the hearing conditions3‐5.                           Kanso® 2 Sound Processor is
                                                                                                             the world’s smallest off‐the‐
               The Kanso 2 Sound Processor features a simple, durable all‐in‐one design that makes
                                                                                                              ear cochlear implant sound
               it easy to use. Unique button‐free control with an automatic on/off function helps to
                                                                                                               processor, and the first to
               simplify the experience. The device is a practical choice for children as it is simple for
               parents to check microphone functionality, monitor their child's hearing
                                                                                                              offer direct streaming from
               performance or locate a missing processor using the Nucleus Smart App.                       compatible Apple or Android™
                                                                                                                         devices


               12        Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Cochlear™ Nucleus® 7 Sound Processor for
               Nucleus® 22 implant recipients
               The Cochlear™ Nucleus® 7 Sound Processor is now compatible for cochlear implant
               recipients with a Nucleus 22 implant. This means that Nucleus 22 implant recipients
               can now upgrade to Cochlear’s latest behind‐the‐ear sound processor and, for the
               first time, access direct smartphone connectivity and streaming.




For personal use only
               The Nucleus 7 Sound Processor is the world’s first and only behind‐the‐ear cochlear
               implant sound processor to offer direct streaming, connectivity and control from a
               compatible Apple or Android™ device. It is also the smallest and lightest6 behind‐
               the‐ear cochlear implant sound processor, designed for comfort and to help
               improve hearing performance3,8.                                                          Enabling people who have
               The Nucleus 22 implant was Cochlear’s first commercial implant, first released in       benefited from their implant
               1982. There are more than 17,000 people around the world with a Nucleus 22              for almost 40 years to access
               implant. This upgrade means that for the first time people who have benefited                 direct smartphone
               from their implant for almost 40 years can access direct smartphone connectivity                 connectivity
               in a smaller and lighter design.

               Custom Sound® Pro fitting software
               Custom Sound® Pro supports clinicians in fitting Cochlear implant sound
               processors. The software harnesses almost 40 years of experience and
               input from thousands of clinicians worldwide9.
               The Custom Sound Pro fitting software keeps the patient at the centre of
               care with a new patient dashboard and Patient Goals feature, promoting
               patient engagement and facilitating more effective tracking of progress
               between appointments10. With an intuitive layout, an integrated
               workflow for bilateral fittings and increased on‐air time, the software is
               designed to enhance the fitting experience for clinicians and their
               patients.
                                                                                                Custom Sound® Pro fitting software
               To help patients experience the best possible hearing performance, it is
               important that programming software for cochlear implant sound
               processors provide flexibility and be easy to use. The new Custom Sound
               Pro fitting software was created by clinicians, for clinicians, enabling
               hearing health professionals to deliver tailored care for every patient.

               Nucleus® SmartNav System
               The Nucleus® SmartNav System is a new tool to support surgeons in
               optimising electrode placement during cochlear implant surgery.
               The Nucleus SmartNav System delivers wireless, actionable intraoperative
               insights to support electrode insertion with real‐time navigation, providing
               surgeons with added assurance of a successful surgical outcome for their
               patients.
               The system consists of an innovative iPad‐based solution and a surgical
               sound processor that presents an intuitive workflow to support surgery,
               giving surgeons additional feedback for in‐theatre decision making.

                                                                                                     Nucleus® SmartNav System




               13
               Remote Check solution for cochlear implants
               In April, Cochlear obtained FDA approval for its Remote Check solution. Remote
               Check is the first telehealth patient assessment tool for cochlear implant recipients.
               It is designed to be a convenient, at‐home testing tool that allows people with a
               Nucleus 7 Sound Processor to complete a series of hearing checks from their
               compatible iOS device using the Nucleus Smart App. Results are then sent remotely




For personal use only
               to the recipient’s clinic for review by their clinician.
               Remote Check was developed to conduct routine cochlear implant checks outside the
               hearing clinic. The technology has been tested in previous pilots in five countries
               worldwide. Following increased demand for remote care due to the COVID‐19
               pandemic, the FDA expedited its approval. Remote Check will enable hearing
               healthcare providers and hospitals to quickly identify those most in need of
               audiological care during the COVID‐19 pandemic, as well as those who would benefit
               from Remote Check as part of their routine care over the longer term.
                                                                                                            Remote Check solution
                                                                                                             for cochlear implants
               Remote care has been a core pillar of Cochlear’s long‐term innovation strategy, with
               access to care crucial to people who rely on a cochlear implant. With many people
               around the world now practising social distancing, Remote Check provides recipients
               with the ability to continue to access a level of care at a time when many clinics are
               closed to in‐person visits. The FDA’s expedited approval of Remote Check during the
               COVID‐19 crisis underscores the importance of remote hearing care solutions – now
               more than ever – with many healthcare authorities already recognising the value in
               reimbursing remote care consultations for clinicians.
               For recipients with a Nucleus 7 Sound Processor, Remote Check can provide
               significant cost savings by offering a convenient, time‐saving option for care that
               does not require travel to a clinic. Using this technology, clinicians will not only be
               able to provide a more convenient care option, post the COVID‐19 pandemic
               disruption, they can also free up time to manage the anticipated growth in the
               number of people needing cochlear implants, and redirect in‐clinic time to manage
               patients with the greatest need.
                                                                                                         Convenient, at‐home testing
                                                                                                         for people with a Nucleus® 7
                                                                                                               Sound Processor




               14       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Operating and financial review
               About Cochlear




For personal use only
               For 40 years, Cochlear has been the global leader in implantable hearing
               solutions.
               Cochlear commenced operations in 1981 as part of the Nucleus group and in 1995, listed on the Australian Securities Exchange.
               Today, Cochlear is a Top 50 listed Australian company with a market capitalisation of over A$12 billion.
               Cochlear aims to support cochlear implantation becoming the standard of care for people with severe to profound hearing loss
               and provide bone conduction implants for people with conductive hearing loss, mixed hearing loss and single‐sided deafness.
               The Company has provided more than 600,000 implant devices to people who benefit from one – or two – of the Company’s
               implantable solutions. Whether these hearing solutions were implanted today or many years ago, Cochlear continues to bring
               innovative new products to market as well as sound processor upgrades for all generations of recipients.
               Cochlear invests more than $180 million each year in R&D and currently participates in over 100 collaborative research
               programs worldwide. The global headquarters are on the campus of Macquarie University in Sydney, with regional offices in
               Asia Pacific, Europe and the Americas. Cochlear has a deep geographical reach, selling in over 180 countries, with a direct
               presence in over 30 countries and a global workforce of over 4,000 employees.




               Cochlear’s mission
               Cochlear’s mission is the passion that drives the organisation and, at a high level, focuses the strategy.




               15
               Cochlear at a glance
                              Key products                                                                  Global sales
                                                                                                                    ~
                                                                                                                      $1.4b




For personal use only
                                                                    Cochlear™
                     Cochlear                                        Nucleus®
                    implants*                                      Profile™ Plus
                                                                     with Slim                                       in sales revenue
                             %
                    61                                               Modiolar
                                                                 Electrode (CI632)
                                                                                                         %                             %                  %
                                                                                              49                         35                      16
                                                                                              Americas*                     EMEA*               Asia Pacific*

                    Services*
                             %
                    29
                                         Cochlear™                Cochlear™
                                         Nucleus® 7            Nucleus® Kanso® 2
                                       Sound Processor          Sound Processor
                                          (CP1000)                  (CP950)
                    Acoustics*
                             %
                    10                                                                                  ~
                                                                                                          80         %
                                                                                                                                           20
                                                                                                                                           ~     %

                                                                                                        Developed                          Emerging
                                                                                                         markets*                          markets*
                                   Cochlear™ Baha® 5,
                                                                     Cochlear™
                                    Baha 5 Power and
                                                                   Osia® 2 System
                                   Baha 5 SuperPower



                            Market leader                                                               Growing scale
                                                                                                                        +                             +
                 $180m+                                               %                        4,000                                       100
                        in annual R&D
                                                         ~
                                                           60                                       employees                             collaborative
                                                                                                                                       research programs
                                                       global market
                                                          share**                                              +
                                                   +                                                30                                         6
                600,000                                                                         countries with
                                                                                               direct operations
                                                                                                                                       key manufacturing
                                                                                                                                             sites
                         implants sold***

               * % of sales revenue ** based on Cochlear estimates for cochlear implants *** includes cochlear and acoustic implants


               16          Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Investment proposition
               Cochlear provides shareholders with an opportunity to invest in the global
               leader in implantable hearing solutions, in an industry that has the potential to
               grow over the long term.




For personal use only
                        Global leader in implantable hearing solutions for 40 years with ~60% global
                        market share and more than 600,000 devices sold

                        Long‐term market growth opportunity with a significant, unmet and
                        addressable clinical need for implantable hearing solutions and less than 5% market
                        penetration

                        Unrivalled commitment to product innovation, bringing
                        innovative new products to market as well as sound processor upgrades for all
                        generations of Cochlear’s recipient base

                        Growing annuity income stream from servicing of the expanding
                        recipient base

                        Strong free cash flow generation provides funding for market growth
                        activities and R&D as well as the ability to reward shareholders with a growing
                        dividend stream*


                                                            $1000 invested in Cochlear at listing
                                                                     worth ~$140,000
                                                                                as at 30 June 2020




               1995     1997    1998     2000    2001     2003    2004     2005    2007     2008    2010     2011     2012    2014     2015   2017   2018   2020

                                                                    Cochlear total shareholder return since listing

                  *cash flow generation and dividends disrupted in FY20 by impact of COVID‐19 and cost of adverse litigation outcome


               17
               Hearing loss is prevalent and under‐treated
               The World Health Organization estimates that there are over 460 million people
               worldwide – over 5% of the world’s population – who experience disabling11
               hearing loss. By 2050, this is expected to rise to over 900 million people – or 1




For personal use only
               in every 10 people.12
               Hearing loss affects people of all ages and is particularly prevalent in people over the age of 65, with one in three people over
               65 suffering a disabling hearing loss. It affects communication and can contribute to social isolation, anxiety, depression and
               cognitive decline.13
               Cochlear estimates that more than 15 million people could benefit from a cochlear or bone conduction implant to treat
               moderate to profound hearing loss across its target segments of children globally and adults and seniors in the developed
               world.14
               Cochlear’s challenge, and opportunity, is that less than 5% of the people that could benefit from an implantable hearing
               solution are being treated.15
               There remains a significant, unmet and addressable clinical need that is expected to continue to underpin the long‐term
               sustainable growth of the business.




                                                      Global prevalence of hearing loss



                                         >460 million
                                          people globally with a disabling hearing loss




                                          1 in 3
                                          people over the age of 65 affected by disabling hearing loss




                                          >15,000,000
                                          people could benefit from a cochlear or bone conduction implant




                                          <5%
                                          market penetration of implantable hearing solutions




               18       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Cochlear implants a cost‐effective solution
               Cochlear implants provide life changing outcomes for recipients, empowering
               them to connect with others and live a full life. They also provide a cost‐
               effective solution for all age groups, delivering significant returns on the




For personal use only
               investment made by the healthcare system.
               Children
               The estimated aggregate lifetime societal costs for a pre‐lingual deaf child in
               developed markets is estimated to exceed US$1.5 million in 2019 dollars16,17.
               This is almost entirely attributed to reduced work productivity and/or the
               cost of special education.
               Once lifetime medical costs are excluded from the total costs, it is estimated
               that the return on investment of a cochlear implantation for a pre‐lingual deaf
               child is 13.5:1, meaning each dollar spent on a cochlear implant has the
               potential to result in up to $13.5 in return to society18.

               Adults
               The aggregate societal costs of an adult with severe to profound hearing loss
               is estimated to range between US$702,000 (for those under 45 years of age)
               and US$392,000 (for those between 45 and 65 years of age) in 2019 dollars.
               These societal costs are driven almost exclusively by reduced work                  Estimated lifetime societal costs
               productivity.                                                                         for a pre‐lingual deaf child in
                                                                                                      developed markets exceeds
                One study reported that when compared to those with normal hearing,
                                                                                                             US$1.5 million
               adults with hearing loss were reported to be more than three times more
               likely to have low educational attainment and were almost twice as likely to
               be unemployed or under employed20.
               In another study, individuals with severe and profound hearing loss were also
               found to earn approximately 77% of the average income of those with mild
               hearing loss. The lost income due to untreated hearing loss has even greater
               socioeconomic implications when consideration is given to the value of
               unrealised taxes associated with this lost income21.

               Seniors
               Dementia and other cognitive decline diseases are some of the costliest
               conditions to treat in the world22. The estimated worldwide cost of dementia
               was predicted to reach US$1 trillion in 2018 – rapidly rising to US$2 trillion by
               2030. The number of affected individuals is predicted to almost double every
               20 years23.
               Unfortunately, individuals with severe hearing loss are almost five times
               more likely to develop dementia than people without hearing loss24.                  The effective use of implants is
                                                                                                      cost‐effective in adults and
               The effective use of hearing aids and implants is cost‐effective and has been
                                                                                                   seniors with an estimated return
               proven in adults and seniors with an estimated return on investment of
               10:125.
                                                                                                        on investment of 10:1




               19
                    Growing demand for cochlear implants
                    Demand for cochlear implants is increasingly being driven by older adults in
                    developed markets and by children across the emerging markets.
                    Cochlear implants started as a solution for people with a profound hearing loss, equivalent to a hearing loss of greater than 90




For personal use only
                    decibels (dB), almost 40 years ago. Adoption of cochlear implantation for children grew rapidly, driven by the widespread
                    implementation of neonatal hearing screening which allowed for early detection of hearing loss in newborns. Today, cochlear
                    implantation has become the standard of care for newborns across the developed markets.
                    Cochlear’s multi‐decade investment in innovation has materially improved the hearing outcomes provided by cochlear
                    implants, improving the quality of life of recipients. It has also driven the expansion of indications for the implants in many
                    countries to include people with lower levels of hearing loss, which has seen the addressable market for cochlear implants
                    grow significantly.
                    Over the last 10 years, there has been a greater uptake of cochlear implantation by older adults, particularly seniors, as
                    awareness of the intervention has grown, and the body of evidence builds connecting good hearing with healthy ageing. At the
                    same time, funding has expanded in emerging markets as awareness of cochlear implants grows and wealth increases, driving
                    implantation of children across the emerging world.



                                                                           Growth is shifting to under‐penetrated
                                                                                          segments


                                                                                                               Adults and seniors in
                                                Children in developed markets                                  developed markets
                                                                                                               Greater uptake by adults
                                                                                                               and seniors as awareness
                                                                                                               grows and evidence
                                                                                                               builds connecting hearing




             Cochlear implant growth drivers
                                                                                                               with healthy ageing




                                                                        • Growing                                   Children in emerging
                                                                          reimbursement                             markets
                                               • Focus on children      • Funding expands to                        Funding expands in
                                               • Neonatal hearing         bilateral implants                        emerging markets as
                                                 screening              • Improved outcomes                         awareness of cochlear
                                                                          leads to expansion                        implants grows and
                                                                          of indications across                     wealth increases
                                                                          many markets


                                               1980                       1990                    2000         2010                       2020




                    20                           Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Strategic priorities
               To achieve its mission, Cochlear aims to support cochlear implantation
               becoming the standard of care for people with severe to profound hearing loss
               and provide bone conduction implants for people with conductive hearing loss,




For personal use only
               mixed hearing loss and single‐sided deafness.
               Cochlear is committed to maintaining its technology leadership position in the industry by investing in R&D to improve hearing
               outcomes and expand the indications for implantable solutions. We aim to grow the hearing implant market by growing
               awareness and access for implant candidates. And with a growing recipient base, Cochlear is actively strengthening its servicing
               capability to provide products, programs and services to support the lifetime relationship with recipients.




                                                     Cochlear’s strategic priorities



                                                Retain market leadership
                                                Market‐leading technology I World‐class customer experience




                                                Grow the hearing implant market
                                                Awareness I Market access I Clinical evidence




                                                Deliver consistent revenue and earnings growth
                                                Invest to grow I Operational improvement I Strong financial position




               For an in‐depth review of Cochlear’s strategy and financial history, please refer to the Strategy Overview which is available at
               www.cochlear.com.




               21
               Operational review
               Product and service highlights
                                                                                                                      Change %           Change %
               $m                                                                    2020               2019                                                Sales mix
                                                                                                                     (reported)              (CC)*




For personal use only
               Cochlear implants (units)                                           31,662             34,083              7%
               Sales revenue
               Cochlear implants                                                    817.9               845.1             3%                   8%                61%
               Services (sound processor upgrades and other)                        395.5               427.2             7%               12%                   29%
               Acoustics                                                            138.9               173.8            20%               24%                   10%
               Total sales revenue                                                1,352.3            1,446.1             6%                11%                 100%
               * Constant currency (CC) removes the impact of exchange rate movements and foreign exchange (FX) contract gains/(losses) to facilitate comparability. See
               Notes on page 28 for further detail.

               Cochlear implants

               Cochlear implant units declined 7% with first half units up 13% and second half units down 26%.
               In the first half, cochlear implant units increased 13% as the Nucleus Profile Plus Series cochlear implant was launched across
               major markets. The new implant has been well‐received by professionals and consumers with improvements in market share
               experienced across many markets.
               From January to mid‐March, cochlear implant volumes across the developed markets were tracking in line with expectations.
               However, from mid‐March we experienced a substantial, short‐term negative impact on cochlear implant surgeries, particularly
               in the US and Western Europe, as healthcare systems diverted resources to meet the increasing demands of managing COVID‐
               19.
               In April, cochlear implant unit sales across the developed markets declined by around 80% (compared to April 2019), with most
               elective surgeries postponed. To the extent there were surgeries, they were predominantly for children.
               Surgeries recommenced across many markets from early‐May. Market conditions however still varied across our developed
               markets by the end of June with surgery volumes recovering relatively quickly in the US, Germany, Benelux and Australia and
               more slowly in the UK, Spain and Italy. By the end of June, over 80% of cochlear implant surgical centres in the developed
               markets had recommenced surgeries.
               Emerging markets, which represent around 20% of cochlear implant revenue, delivered a strong start to the year with volumes
               up over 20% in the first half. January/February volumes were weaker as surgeries were delayed in China, Cochlear’s largest
               emerging market, due to COVID‐19. Surgeries recommenced in China in March and have recovered quickly. Surgeries in China
               continue to grow as a result of the market opportunity and investments we have made to expand our presence over the last
               few years. Surgeries however across most other markets, including India and Latin America, have remained very low as COVID‐
               19 cases continue to grow.

               Services (sound processor upgrades and other)

               Services revenue declined 7% (12% in CC) with first half revenue up 9% and second half revenue down 23%.
               Services were materially impacted by COVID‐19 in the fourth quarter of FY20. While some recipients have been able to access
               sound processor upgrades remotely, clinic closures have delayed access to sound processor upgrades for many people.
               Cochlear’s remote servicing capability, with tools including Cochlear™ Link and Remote Check, are assisting clinicians and
               recipients with performance, mapping, and troubleshooting in markets where they are approved. Many countries and clinics
               have been adapting, enabling greater levels of remote access and programming to assist recipients unable to visit clinics as a
               result of COVID‐19. In recognition of the importance of providing support, the FDA fast‐tracked approval of Remote Check in
               April.




               22         Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Acoustics

               Acoustics revenue declined by 20% (24% in CC) with first half revenue down 9% and second half revenue down 32%.
               In the first half, we experienced some loss of market share from competitor product launches. The market also slowed more
               than expected in anticipation of the launch of the next generation bone conduction implant, the Cochlear™ Osia® 2 System,
               which commenced its rollout in the US in February. Like cochlear implants, the second half was materially impacted by COVID‐
               19 due to the delay of elective surgeries.




For personal use only
               Acoustics revenue is largely generated from the US and the UK. Surgery volumes have improved in the US since May with
               increasing demand for the Osia 2 System. Acoustic implant surgeries in the UK, however, have not yet restarted following the
               COVID‐19 shutdowns.


               Regional review
                                                                                                    Change %       Change %
               $m                                                        2020            2019                                       Sales mix
                                                                                                   (reported)           (CC)
               Americas                                                 650.3           688.6           6%           11%               49%
               EMEA                                                     479.6           519.2           8%           11%               35%
               Asia Pacific                                             222.4           238.3           7%           10%               16%
               Total sales revenue                                    1,352.3         1,446.1           6%           11%              100%

               Americas (US, Canada and Latin America)

               Sales revenue declined by 6% (11% in CC) with the first half up 9% and second half down 21%.
               H1: The Americas had a solid start to the year with strong cochlear implant revenue growth moderated by low growth in
               Services revenue and a decline in Acoustics revenue. The launch of the Nucleus Profile Plus Series cochlear implant in the US
               in late June 2019 was well‐received by the market, driving an uplift in market share throughout the year.
               Services revenue in the US was flat in the first half as the business cycled very strong sales in HY19, with penetration rates
               reaching high levels. Acoustics sales declined with some loss of share from competitor product launches and a slowdown in
               surgeries in anticipation of the launch of the Osia 2 System.
               H2: Second half revenue for the Americas declined by 21% (26% in CC), materially impacted by the elective surgery deferrals
               from mid‐March. Surgeries have started to recommence across North America with clinics progressively reopening. There are
               still very few surgeries in Latin America as COVID‐19 infection rates continue to rise. The decline in Latin American implant
               revenue has been partly offset by growth in Services revenue.

               EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa)

               Sales revenue declined by 8% (11% in CC) with the first half up 6% and second half down 20%.
               H1: EMEA delivered strong cochlear implant revenue growth in the first half moderated by low growth in Services revenue and
               a decline in Acoustics revenue.
               Like the US, Services revenue growth slowed in the first half as the business cycled very strong sales in HY19, with penetration
               rates reaching high levels and Acoustics revenue declined. EMEA’s emerging markets grew in the first half as a result of the
               timing of a number of tenders, underpinned by investments in the organisation in recent years.
               H2: Second half revenue for EMEA declined by 20% (23% in CC), as a result of the deferral of elective surgery from mid‐March.
               Surgery volumes across Western Europe started improving during May with significant variability across countries. Germany
               and Benelux have recovered quickly while the UK, Italy and Spain continue to record a small, but growing number of surgeries.




               23
               Asia Pacific (Australasia and Asia)

               Sales revenue declined by 7% (10% in CC) with the first half up 18% and second half down 29%.
               H1: In the first half, Japan and South Korea experienced strong growth across both cochlear implant units and sound processor
               upgrades. China recorded strong growth in sales revenue, benefiting from increased investment in sales and marketing
               capability over the past few years.




For personal use only
               H2: Second half revenue declined by 29% (32% in CC) as a result of the impact of the deferral of elective surgeries which varied
               greatly by country. China has recovered quickly and is growing strongly. South Korea delivered strong growth in FY20 with
               Cochlear gaining share in a market that continued to conduct elective surgeries throughout the pandemic. Australia and China
               delivered solid growth in Services revenue. India however continues to experience high infection rates from COVID‐19 with
               very few surgeries since April.


               Financial review
               Profit and loss
                                                                                                                                      Change %             Change %
               $m                                                                             2020                   2019
                                                                                                                                     (reported)               (CC)**
               Sales revenue                                                               1,352.3                1,446.1                    (6%)               (11%)
               Cost of sales                                                                 344.4                  351.1                    (2%)                (5%)
               % gross margin                                                                  75%                    76%                   (1) pt               0 pts
               Selling, marketing and general expenses                                       470.0                  450.9                     4%                   0%
               Research and development expenses                                             185.1                  184.4                     0%                 (1%)
               % of sales revenue                                                              14%                    13%                    1 pt               (1) pt
               Administration expenses                                                         93.8                   94.8                   (1%)                (1%)
               Operating expenses                                                            748.9                  730.1                     3%                   0%
               Other income / (expenses)                                                     (20.4)                   13.8
               FX contract losses                                                            (31.7)                 (19.4)
               EBIT (underlying)*                                                            206.9                  359.3                  (42%)                (42%)
               % of sales revenue                                                              15%                    25%
               Net finance expense                                                              8.9                    4.5                   98%
               Income tax expense*                                                             44.2                   88.9                 (50%)
               % effective tax rate                                                            22%                    25%
               Net profit (underlying)*                                                      153.8                  265.9                  (42%)                (42%)
               % net profit margin*                                                            11%                    18%
               Innovation fund gains after‐tax                                                 24.2                   10.8
               Patent litigation expense after‐tax                                         (416.3)                        ‐
               Net profit / (loss) (reported)                                              (238.3)                  276.7                (186%)               (187%)
               * Excluding innovation fund gains and patent litigation expense
               ** Constant currency (CC) removes the impact of exchange rate movements and FX contract gains/(losses) to facilitate comparability. See Notes on page 28
               for further detail.

               Sales revenue declined by 6% (11% in CC) to $1,352.3 million, with revenue up 9% in the first half and down 22% in the second
               half. Underlying net profit declined 42% to $153.8 million due to the rapid fall in sales in the second half, a consequence of
               COVID‐19‐related surgery deferrals and clinic closures. After factoring in patent litigation expenses and innovation fund gains,
               Cochlear recorded a net loss of $238.3 million for FY20.




               24         Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Key points of note:
                       Cost of sales declined by 2% (5% in CC) to $344.4 million, reflecting declining sales in the fourth quarter. The gross margin
                        declined by 1 percentage point to 75%. Gross margin benefited from lower warranty costs, the result of improved sound
                        processor manufacturing and design that has resulted in lower warranty repairs. This benefit was offset by the impact of
                        lower overhead recovery arising from lower manufacturing volumes since May;
                       Selling, marketing and general expenses increased by 4% (0% in CC) to $470.0 million, with the first half up 9% in CC and
                        the second half down 8%. Continued investment was made in market growth activities including direct‐to‐consumer




For personal use only
                        marketing, standard of care and market access initiatives. The second half decline reflects actions to limit all non‐essential
                        spending from mid‐March and includes a hiring freeze and temporary pay reductions for the Board and senior
                        management across the business in the fourth quarter. These savings were partially offset by a $10.0 million increase in
                        the doubtful debts provision resulting from higher collections risk associated with COVID‐19;
                       Investment in R&D was in line with FY19 (down 1% in CC) at $185.1 million, representing 14% of sales revenue;
                       Operating expenses include a $23.6 million benefit from the suspension of short‐term incentive payments;
                       FX contract losses increased by $12.3 million to $31.7 million as a result of the weaker Australian dollar against major
                        trading currencies;
                       Net finance expenses increased by 98% to $8.9 million and includes $6.1 million in interest expense resulting from the
                        adoption of new leasing accounting standard AASB16. Net finance expenses (excluding the lease‐related expense) declined
                        by 38% to $2.8 million with the business benefitting from lower interest rates and interest on cash deposits from the
                        March capital raising;
                       $24.2 million in innovation fund gains after‐tax includes a $25.0 million gain from the revaluation of the Nyxoah
                        shareholding and $0.8 million in equity accounted losses; and
                       $416.3 million in patent litigation expenses after‐tax relates to an adverse litigation judgment in the long‐running AMF
                        patent infringement case. $420.1 million was paid in June and a provision was made for US$75 million in prejudgment
                        interest and attorneys’ fees with payment conditional upon the outcome of an appeal by Cochlear to the US Supreme
                        Court.

               Other expenses
               $m                                                                                   2020                  2019               Change
               Government assistance (COVID‐19‐related)                                              23.6                     ‐                  23.6
               Release in the contingent consideration (Sycle)                                       13.2                  10.8                   2.4
               Ineffective forward exchange contracts                                              (26.1)                     ‐                (26.1)
               Carina write‐down                                                                   (17.3)                     ‐                (17.3)
               Otoconsult NV write‐down                                                            (12.5)                     ‐                (12.5)
               Other                                                                                (1.3)                   3.0                 (4.3)
               Other income / (expenses)                                                           (20.4)                  13.8                (34.2)

               The Profit & loss includes other expenses of $20.4 million, which are largely one‐off in nature, including:
                       Due to the impact of COVID‐19, Cochlear has received $23.6 million in government assistance through the US Coronavirus
                        Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), Australia’s JobKeeper Program and other assistance programs offered
                        in Europe and Asia;
                       $13.2 million non‐cash benefit related to the final release in the contingent consideration value of Sycle;
                       $26.1 million in expenses relating to ineffective forward exchange contracts, predominantly FY21 USD contracts, due to
                        the combined effects of COVID‐19 and the adverse litigation judgment on the probable foreign currency cash flows
                        anticipated to be received during that period. As a result, those cash flow hedges no longer met the criteria for hedge
                        accounting and were closed;
                       $17.3 million in the write‐down of assets associated with the Carina acoustic implant following the decision to cease sales
                        of the product due to low volumes; and
                       $12.5 million in the write‐down of assets and licencing costs associated with Otoconsult NV following the decision to
                        pursue the development of different AI‐assisted mapping in‐house.




               25
               Cash flow
               $m                                                                                 2020                  2019              Change
               EBIT (underlying)                                                                  206.9                359.3               (152.4)
               Depreciation and amortisation (excl AASB16 impact)                                  49.1                 38.5                  10.6




For personal use only
               Depreciation and amortisation (AASB16‐related)                                      28.4                     ‐                 28.4
               Changes in working capital and other                                                66.9                 (6.6)                 73.5
               Cash impact of patent litigation expense                                         (420.1)                     ‐              (420.1)
               Net interest paid                                                                   (8.9)                (4.5)                (4.4)
               Income taxes paid                                                                 (80.1)                (90.7)                 10.6
               Operating cash flow                                                              (157.8)                296.0               (453.8)
               Capital expenditure                                                              (111.4)                (86.6)               (24.8)
               Acquisition of other intangible assets                                            (19.1)                (28.0)                  8.9
               Other net investments                                                             (14.2)                (23.2)                  9.0
               Free cash flow                                                                   (302.5)                158.2               (460.7)
               Proceeds from issue of shares                                                    1,081.9                  7.4               1,074.5
               Dividends paid                                                                   (193.7)              (181.8)                (11.9)
               Payment of lease liability & other                                                (25.7)                 (0.6)               (25.1)
               Change in net debt – decrease / (increase)                                        560.0                 (16.8)               576.8

               Free cash flow declined by $460.7 million to be an outflow of $302.5 million, driven by payment of costs associated with an
               adverse litigation judgment in June and the impact on earnings from the COVID‐19‐related fall in revenue during the fourth
               quarter. Cochlear’s financial position was bolstered by the $1.1 billion capital raising in March which resulted in net debt
               declining by $560.0 million, more than offsetting the decline in free cash flow.
               Key points of note:
                       EBIT (underlying) declined by $152.4 million as a result of the significant decline in sales revenue in the fourth quarter;
                       $420.1 million in cash impact of patent litigation expenses reflects the payment of damages and post judgment interest
                        associated with an adverse litigation judgment in June;
                       Changes in working capital and other of $66.9 million reflects the benefit of the reduction in trade receivables resulting
                        from lower sales revenue in the fourth quarter;
                       The $10.6 million reduction in income taxes paid reflects the impact of COVID‐19 during the second half. The tax credit
                        resulting from the patent litigation expenses will result in lower tax payments in FY21;
                       Capital expenditure (capex) increased by $24.8 million to $111.4 million, reflecting stay in business capex, the continued
                        development of the China manufacturing facility, fitout of the new, larger Denver office and IT platform development;
                       The acquisition of intangible assets includes the licencing of a range of R&D‐related assets; and
                       Other net investments primarily relate to the additional investment made in Nyxoah.




               26            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Capital employed
               $m                                                                                 2020                  2019               Change
               Trade receivables                                                                  211.4                299.5                 (88.1)
               Inventories                                                                        223.8                195.4                  28.4




For personal use only
               Less: Trade payables                                                             (155.3)               (160.8)                  5.5
               Working capital                                                                    279.9                334.1                 (54.2)
               Working capital / sales revenue                                                     21%                   23%
               Property, plant and equipment                                                      230.5                166.5                  64.0
               Intangible assets                                                                  410.3                424.4                 (14.1)
               Investments (including equity accounted)                                            94.9                  47.8                 47.1
               Other net liabilities                                                             (71.1)               (143.9)                 72.8
               Capital employed                                                                   944.5                828.9                 115.6

               Capital employed increased by $115.6 million to $944.5 million since June 2019 reflecting an increase in property, plant and
               equipment and other net liabilities and a reduction in working capital.
               Key points of note:
                       Trade receivables reduced by $88.1 million, a consequence of the reduced sales revenue;
                       Inventories increased by $28.4 million, a consequence of the reduced sales revenue and a decision to build inventory levels
                        to enable the business to cater to demand as surgeries recommence;
                       Property, plant and equipment increased by $64.0 million and includes the investment in the China manufacturing facility
                        and fitout of the new Denver office;
                       The increase in investments includes a $35.8 million pre‐tax increase in the value of Cochlear’s investment in Nyxoah;
                       Other net liabilities decreased by $72.8 million to $71.1 million reflecting movements across a number of other assets and
                        liabilities. Net current tax assets increased by $84.8 million reflecting refundable FY20 tax payments. Tax losses resulting
                        from the patent litigation expense and COVID‐19 impacts were incurred late in the year, resulting in an overpayment of
                        tax instalments for the year. The $85.9 million increase in provisions primarily reflects the US$75 million provision for
                        prejudgment interest and attorneys’ fees with payment conditional upon the outcome of an appeal by Cochlear to the US
                        Supreme Court. A $25.5 million reduction in net FX contract liabilities represents the mark‐to‐market value of all FX
                        hedging contracts as at 30 June 2020.

               Net debt
               $m                                                                                2020                  2019               Change
               Loans and borrowings:
               Current                                                                           393.1                   3.3                389.8
               Non‐current                                                                        79.9                178.3                 (98.4)
               Total loans and borrowings                                                        473.0                181.6                 291.4
               Less: Cash, cash equivalents and term deposits                                  (930.0)                (78.6)               (851.4)
               Net debt / (cash)                                                               (457.0)                103.0                (560.0)
               Facility limit                                                                  1,003.8                414.5                 589.3
               Debt drawn                                                                        473.9                182.4                 291.5
               Balance remaining                                                                 529.9                232.1                 297.8

               Net debt declined by $560.0 million, resulting in a net cash position of $457.0 million. Cochlear’s liquidity position has increased
               as a result of a $1.1 billion capital raising in March and expanded debt facilities. Combined net cash and undrawn debt facilities
               total $986.9 million as at 30 June.




               27
               Dividends
               $m                                                                             2020                 2019            Change %
               Interim ordinary dividend (per share)                                         $1.60                $1.55                    3%
               Final ordinary dividend (per share)                                                ‐               $1.75               (100%)




For personal use only
               Total ordinary dividends (per share)                                          $1.60                $3.30                 (52%)
               % payout ratio (underlying)                                                     60%                  72%
               % franking                                                                    100%                 100%

               In March, Cochlear announced the suspension of the dividend until trading conditions improve. As a result, no final dividend
               has been declared. Full year dividends declined by 52% to $1.60 per share, representing a payout of 60% of underlying net
               profit. The Board expects to resume payment of a dividend once a clear and sustained improvement in sales revenue has
               been established and cash flow generation is sufficient to support its resumption.


               Notes
               Forward‐looking statements
               Cochlear advises that this document contains forward‐looking statements which may be subject to significant uncertainties
               outside of Cochlear’s control. No representation is made as to the accuracy or reliability of forward‐looking statements or the
               assumptions on which they are based. Actual future events may vary from these forward‐looking statements and it is cautioned
               that undue reliance not be placed on any forward‐looking statement.

               Non‐International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) financial measures
               Sales revenue is the primary revenue reporting measure used by Cochlear for the purpose of assessing revenue performance
               of the Consolidated Entity. It represents total revenue excluding foreign exchange contract losses on hedged sales. Given the
               significance of foreign exchange rate movements, the directors believe the presentation of the non‐IFRS financial measure,
               constant currency, is useful for the users of this document as it reflects the underlying financial performance of the business.
               This non‐IFRS financial measure has not been subject to review or audit. However, KPMG has separately undertaken a set of
               procedures to agree the non‐IFRS financial measures disclosed to the books and records of the group.

               Constant currency
               Constant currency removes the impact of foreign exchange rate movements to facilitate comparability of operational
               performance for Cochlear. This is done by converting the prior comparable period net profit of entities in the group that use
               currencies other than Australian dollars at the rates that were applicable to the current period (translation currency effect)
               and by adjusting for current year foreign currency gains and losses (foreign currency effect). The sum of the translation currency
               effect and foreign currency effect is the amount by which reported EBIT and net profit is adjusted to calculate the result at
               constant currency.

               Reconciliation of constant currency net profit to reported net profit

               $m                                                                                       2020              2019      Change %
               Net profit (underlying)                                                                 153.8              265.9          (42%)
               FX contract movement                                                                                     (38.4)
               Spot exchange rate effect to sales revenue and expenses*                                                    37.9
                                                *
               Balance sheet revaluation                                                                                  (2.4)
               Net profit (underlying) (CC)                                                            153.8              263.0          (42%)
               Patent litigation expense and innovation fund gains after‐tax                          (392.1)              10.8
               Net profit (reported) (CC)                                                             (238.3)             273.8        (187%)
               * FY20 actual v FY19 at FY20 rates.




               28          Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Business risks
               Cochlear has a sound and robust Risk Management Framework to identify, assess and appropriately manage risks. Details of
               Cochlear’s Risk Management Framework can be found in the 2020 Corporate Governance Statement, which is available on the
               website.
               Cochlear’s principal business risks are outlined below. These are significant risks that may materially adversely affect the




For personal use only
               business strategy, financial position or future performance. It is not possible to identify every risk that could affect Cochlear’s
               business, and the actions taken to mitigate these risks cannot provide absolute assurance that a risk will not materialise.

               Risk                     Description and potential consequences                Strategies used by Cochlear to mitigate the
                                                                                              risk
               Pandemic                 As COVID‐19 has demonstrated, pandemics have the Cochlear has well‐developed business
                                        potential to impact our markets as elective surgeries continuity and crisis management plans, a
                                        may be deferred in order to reduce the strain on diverse range of customers and a range of
                                        healthcare systems. Travel restrictions, government products and services that serve to mitigate or
                                        mandated shutdowns and potential supply chain manage the impact a pandemic may have on
                                        impacts could also have adverse consequences to our our business.
                                        business.
               Product innovation       Cochlear is exposed to the risk of failing to develop In FY20, Cochlear invested 14% of sales
               and competition          and produce innovative products for customers.           revenue in R&D. Cochlear also works with
                                                                                                 over 100 external research partners. The
                                        Increased competition exposes Cochlear to the risk of
                                                                                                 creation of new intellectual property and the
                                        losing market share as well as a decrease in average
                                                                                                 protection of new and existing intellectual
                                        selling prices in the industry. Cochlear is also exposed
                                                                                                 property are a key focus for Cochlear.
                                        to the risk of medical, biological and/or technological
                                        advancement by third parties where alternative Cochlear has plans to launch a series of new
                                        products or treatments are developed and products across all categories of the business
                                        commercialised that render Cochlear’s products over the coming years, focused on both
                                        obsolete for future candidates. This could result in a market share and market growth.
                                        loss of new business.
                                                                                                 Cochlear also has a practice of identifying and
                                                                                                 assessing potential disruptive technologies.
               Infringement litigation Cochlear operates in an industry that has substantial Cochlear has a comprehensive patent
                                       intellectual property and patents, designs and portfolio across its technologies.
                                       trademarks protecting that intellectual property.
                                                                                                 Cochlear conducts freedom to operate
                                       Cochlear is exposed to the risk of litigation for alleged
                                                                                                 searches as part of its internal processes
                                       infringement. This could result in Cochlear paying
                                                                                                 before launching new products.
                                       royalties to be able to continue to manufacture
                                       product or paying damages and/or receiving Cochlear utilises internal and external legal
                                       injunctions preventing Cochlear selling products it resources to manage any litigation issues.
                                       had developed.
               Misappropriation of      Cochlear is exposed to the risk of its know‐how and Cochlear monitors its key systems and
               know‐how and             intellectual property being misappropriated either database, for inappropriate access from both
               intellectual property    through hacking of its systems or by employees, internal and external sources. Confidentiality
                                        consultants and third parties who from time to time agreements are in place with key employees
                                        have access to Cochlear’s know‐how and intellectual and third parties that are exposed to
                                        property. This could result in competitors using this Cochlear’s know‐how and intellectual
                                        information and increasing their competitiveness. property.
                                        Cochlear could lose market share as a result.




               29
               Risk                    Description and potential consequences                Strategies used by Cochlear to mitigate the
                                                                                             risk
               Medical device          Cochlear operates in a highly regulated industry. Cochlear has a worldwide quality assurance
               regulations             Medical devices are subject to strict regulations, system in place.
                                       including data security, of regulatory bodies in the
                                                                                             Regulatory requirements and changes in the
                                       US, Europe, Asia and Australia as well as many other
                                                                                             regulatory    environment    are    actively
                                       local bodies in countries where Cochlear’s products
                                                                                             monitored and assessed.




For personal use only
                                       are sold. Regulatory bodies periodically perform
                                       audits at Cochlear’s manufacturing and distribution
                                       sites. If Cochlear or a third‐party supplier fails to
                                       satisfy regulatory requirements or the regulations
                                       change and modifications are not made, this could
                                       result in the imposition of sanctions or Cochlear’s
                                       products being subject to recall and/or the loss of
                                       sales and reputational harm. Changes to medical
                                       device regulations or delays in achieving regulatory
                                       approval can impact Cochlear’s ability to sell its
                                       products.
               Reimbursement           The majority of Cochlear’s customers rely on a level Cochlear    continues    to   work      with
                                       of reimbursement from insurers and government reimbursement and government agencies
                                       health authorities to fund their purchases. There is throughout the world to emphasise the health
                                       increasing pressure on healthcare budgets globally and economic benefits and cost effectiveness
                                       which may lead to pressure on reimbursed prices. of intervention to restore or improve hearing.
                                       Cochlear may also be subject to healthcare‐related
                                       taxes imposed by government agencies and this
                                       could negatively impact the ability of candidates to
                                       access Cochlear’s products.
               Product liability       The manufacturing, testing, marketing and sale of Cochlear maintains product liability insurance
                                       Cochlear’s products involve product liability risk. As and operates a worldwide quality assurance
                                       the developer, manufacturer, marketer and system related to the design, testing,
                                       distributor of certain products, Cochlear may be held manufacture and post‐market monitoring of
                                       liable for damages arising from use of its products its products.
                                       during development or after the product has been
                                       implanted.
               Interruption to         Cochlear relies on third‐party suppliers for the supply Cochlear monitors its suppliers and identifies
               product supply          of key materials and services. This carries the risk of potential second‐source supply. Inventories
                                       delays and disruptions in supplies. Certain materials are managed and purchased in sufficient
                                       are available from a single source only and regulatory quantities for continued product supply in the
                                       requirements make substitution costly, time‐ short term. Where appropriate, lifetime buys,
                                       consuming or commercially unviable. Cochlear strategic raw materials purchases, and supply
                                       manufactures its latest generation products across chain interventions are made.
                                       five sites globally. There is the potential risk of
                                                                                               Cochlear also regularly reviews its disaster
                                       disruption to sales should a manufacturing facility be
                                                                                               recovery plans for its manufacturing sites and
                                       unable to operate. Any new manufacturing facility
                                                                                               maintains business interruption insurance.
                                       will require regulatory approval prior to being able to
                                       produce and sell product made at this facility. This
                                       approval could take many months or years.




               30       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Risk                     Description and potential consequences                   Strategies used by Cochlear to mitigate the
                                                                                                 risk
               Political, economic or   Cochlear sells in over 180 countries. Several of the Cochlear assesses the countries it sells into
               social instability       markets include significant tender sales. The future and does not have a significant concentration
                                        outcome of tender sales is uncertain.                    of sales in countries impacted by material
                                                                                                 political, economic or social instability.
                                        Regional political, economic or social instability could
                                        negatively impact sales and the receipt of payment Cochlear utilises global scanning software to




For personal use only
                                        for sales.                                               assess partners, distributors and suppliers
                                                                                                 against sanctions checklists on an ongoing
                                        Economic cycles could also impact negatively on the
                                                                                                 basis.
                                        healthcare industry, including within the hearing
                                        healthcare sector.                                       Cochlear conducts and promotes research
                                                                                                 into the economic benefits of hearing health.
               Foreign exchange         Cochlear is exposed to currency risk on sales and Currency risk is hedged in accordance with the
               rates                    purchases that are denominated in a currency other Board approved treasury risk policy. The
                                        than the respective functional currencies of the legal treasury risk policy aims to manage the impact
                                        entities. The currencies in which these transactions of short‐term fluctuations on Cochlear’s cash
                                        primarily are denominated are Australian dollars flow.
                                        (AUD), US dollars (USD), Euros (EUR), Japanese yen
                                                                                               Over the longer term, permanent changes in
                                        (JPY), Sterling (GBP), Swedish kroner (SEK) and Swiss
                                                                                               market rates will have an impact on earnings.
                                        francs (CHF). Over 90% of Cochlear’s revenues and
                                                                                               Derivative financial instruments (forward
                                        over 50% of costs are denominated in currencies
                                                                                               exchange contracts) are used to hedge
                                        other than AUD.
                                                                                               exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange
                                                                                               rates in a declining level of cover out to three
                                                                                               years.
               Credit                   Cochlear’s exposure to credit risk is influenced by the Policies and procedures for credit
                                        geographical location and characteristics of management                   and      administration     of
                                        individual customers. Cochlear does not have a receivables are established and executed at a
                                        significant concentration of credit risk with a single regional level. In monitoring customer credit
                                        customer. Most significant debtors are governments, risk, the ageing profile of total receivables
                                        government‐supported universities and clinics or balances and individually significant debtors is
                                        major hospital chains.                                  reported by geographic region to the Board on
                                                                                                a monthly basis. Regional management is
                                                                                                responsible for identifying high risk customers
                                                                                                and placing potential restrictions on future
                                                                                                trading,    including     suspending      future
                                                                                                shipments and administering dispatches on a
                                                                                                prepayment basis. In addition, where
                                                                                                appropriate, absolute country limits are in
                                                                                                place and Chief Financial Officer approval is
                                                                                                required to increase a limit. These limits are
                                                                                                periodically reviewed by the Audit & Risk
                                                                                                Committee.




               31
               Risk                    Description and potential consequences                   Strategies used by Cochlear to mitigate the
                                                                                                risk
               Operations              Operational risk is the risk of direct and indirect loss Standards for the management of operational
                                       arising from a wide variety of causes associated with risk are in place in the following key areas:
                                       Cochlear’s processes, personnel (including executive
                                                                                                 Requirements for appropriate segregation
                                       transitions), technology and infrastructure and
                                                                                                   of duties, including the independent
                                       generally accepted standards of corporate behaviour.




For personal use only
                                                                                                   authorisation of transactions;
                                       Operational risks arise from Cochlear’s operations.
                                                                                                 Requirements for the reconciliation and
                                       These risks could result in the loss of sales and
                                                                                                   monitoring of transactions;
                                       reputational harm.
                                                                                                 Appropriate insurance programs;
                                                                                                 Documentation         of     controls     and
                                                                                                   procedures;
                                                                                                 Requirements for the periodic assessment
                                                                                                   of operational risks faced, and the
                                                                                                   adequacy of controls and procedures to
                                                                                                   address the risks identified;
                                                                                                 Internal and external audit programs;
                                                                                                 Development of contingency plans;
                                                                                                 Succession planning for key management
                                                                                                   personnel;
                                                                                                 Training and professional development;
                                                                                                 Employee health and safety programs; and
                                                                                                 Ethical and business standards.
               Information security    Cochlear handles and stores personal information, Cochlear regularly assesses its information
                                       including health information, for its customers and governance and cyber security controls in light
                                       employees. With expanding information privacy and of emerging technological threats and
                                       security regulations, and an increasingly hostile cyber expanding privacy laws. These assessments
                                       environment, Cochlear recognises information are used to determine any appropriate
                                       privacy and cyber security as an increasing risk.        corrective actions and improvements. In
                                                                                                addition to the ongoing assessment and
                                                                                                remediation of operational privacy and
                                                                                                security activities, Cochlear maintains cyber
                                                                                                insurance as part of its overall risk mitigation
                                                                                                strategy for information privacy and security
                                                                                                risk.
               Talent management       Cochlear operates in a very competitive Talent management programs are in place,
                                       environment, particularly in relation to attracting both within Australia and in our key
                                       scientific talent into the group.                   international markets.
               Corporate governance Cochlear operates either directly or indirectly in most Cochlear has a system of controls in place to
                                    countries in the world. As such, it is exposed to risks mitigate such corporate governance risks,
                                    related to general corporate governance compliance including regular regional and country
                                    issues (e.g. tax, customs, local regulations). These reporting on any potential issues. A Global
                                    risks could result in regulatory fines or reputational Code of Conduct and other regional policies
                                    damage.                                                 are in place to ensure all staff are
                                                                                            appropriately trained and aware of the need
                                                                                            to comply with all corporate requirements.




               32       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Board of directors
                        Rick Holliday‐Smith




For personal use only
                        Chairman Age 70
                        Appointed to the Board 1 March 2005: Chairman of the Nomination Committee. Member of
                        the Audit & Risk and People & Culture Committees.
                        Background: Global executive and leadership experience in capital markets and derivatives, and
                        a background in venture capital activities. Former President of NationsBank‐CRT, Chicago and
                        Managing Director of Hong Kong Bank Limited, London.
                        Other boards: Chairman, ASX Limited. Non‐executive Chairman, QBiotics and member of the
                        Macquarie University Faculty of Business and Economics Advisory Board.
                        Former directorships: Chairman, Snowy Hydro Limited and SFE Corporation Limited. Director,
                        Servcorp Limited, St George Bank Limited, Exco Resources NL, DCA Group Limited and MIA
                        Group Limited.
                        Qualifications: BA (Hons), FAICD, CA


                        Dig Howitt
                        CEO & President and Managing Director Age 53
                        Appointed to the Board 14 November 2017 and as CEO & President 3 January 2018: Member
                        of the Medical Science and Technology & Innovation Committees.
                        Background: Joined Cochlear in 2000 and has a wealth of experience across the Company in
                        roles including Chief Operating Officer, SVP, Manufacturing and Logistics and President, Asia
                        Pacific. Prior to joining Cochlear, worked for Boral and Boston Consulting Group. Dig is a
                        member of the Male Champions of Change STEM group. Appointed as President of Cochlear on
                        31 July 2017 and became CEO & President on 3 January 2018.
                        Qualifications: BE (Hons), MBA




                        Yasmin Allen
                        Non‐executive Director Age 56
                        Appointed to the Board 2 August 2010: Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee. Member of
                        the People & Culture, Nomination and Technology & Innovation Committees.
                        Background: Extensive career in investment banking with senior roles in strategic analysis and
                        corporate advice. Former Vice President of Deutsche Bank AG.
                        Other boards: Chair of Australian Federal Government Steering Group for Digital Technology
                        Pilot. Director, Santos Limited, ASX Limited and National Portrait Gallery. Member of the George
                        Institute for Global Health Board. Chairman, Advance (Global Australian Network), Acting
                        President, Australian Government Takeovers Panel, Chairman, Faethm.org and Chair,
                        Australian Federal Government Steering Group for Digital Technology Pilot.
                        Former directorships: Director, Insurance Australia Group Limited. National director of the
                        Australian Institute of Company Directors. Member of The Salvation Army Advisory Board. Chair
                        of Macquarie Specialised Asset Management. Director, ANZ Investment Bank and Associate
                        Director, HSBC London.
                        Qualifications: BCom, FAICD




               33
                                              Andrew Denver
                                              Non‐executive Director Age 71
                                              Appointed to the Board 1 February 2007: Member of the Audit & Risk, Medical Science,
                                              Technology & Innovation and Nomination Committees.
                                              Background: Extensive experience in the life sciences industry. Former Managing Director of
                                              Memtec Limited and President Asia for Pall Corporation.




For personal use only
                                              Other boards: Chairman, SpeeDx and Director, Vaxxas and QBiotics.
                                              Former directorships: Executive Chairman, Universal Biosensors.
                                              Qualifications: BSc (Hons), MBA, FAICD




                                              Donal O’Dwyer
                                              Non‐executive Director Age 67
                                              Appointed to the Board 1 August 2005: Member of the Audit & Risk, Medical Science,
                                              Nomination and Technology & Innovation Committees.
                                              Background: Executive experience in global general management of healthcare products and
                                              medical devices. Former worldwide President of Cordis Cardiology (a Johnson & Johnson
                                              company) and President of Baxter’s Cardiovascular Group, Europe.
                                              Other boards: Director, Mesoblast Limited, Fisher & Paykel Healthcare and NIB Holdings Ltd.
                                              Chairman of Endoluminal Sciences and Director Cordis Asset Management Pty Ltd.
                                              Former directorships: Chairman, CardieX (formerly Atcor Medical).
                                              Qualifications: BE Civil, MBA



                                              Glen Boreham, AM
                                              Non‐executive Director Age 56
                                              Appointed to the Board 1 January 2015: Chairman of the People & Culture Committee.
                                              Member of the Audit & Risk, Nomination and Technology & Innovation Committees.
                                              Background: Led organisations in information technology, new media and the creative
                                              industries through periods of rapid change and innovation. Former Managing Director of IBM
                                              Australia and New Zealand.
                                              Other boards: Director, Southern Cross Media Group and Link Group. Chairman, Advisory Board
                                              IXUP.
                                              Former directorships: Director of Data#3. Chairman of Screen Australia, Advance (Global
                                              Australian Network), Business School and Industry Advisory Board for the University of
                                              Technology, Sydney.
                                              Qualifications: BEc, FAICD

                                              Alison Deans
                                              Non‐executive Director Age 52
                                              Appointed to the Board 1 January 2015: Chairman of the Technology & Innovation Committee.
                                              Member of the Audit & Risk, Nomination and People & Culture Committees.
                                              Background: Extensive experience leading technology‐enabled businesses across e‐commerce,
                                              media and financial services. Former Chief Executive Officer of netus, Hoyts Cinemas, ecorp and
                                              eBay Australia and New Zealand.
                                              Other boards: Director, Westpac Banking Corporation, Ramsay Health Care Limited and Deputy
                                              Group Pty Ltd. Senior Advisor to McKinsey & Company. Member of Investment Committee,
                                              CSIRO Innovation fund (Main Sequence Ventures) and Director of SCEGGS Darlinghurst Limited
                                              and The Observership Program.
                                              Former directorships: Director of Insurance Australia Group Limited, Social Ventures Australia
                                              and kikki.K Holdings Pty Ltd. Chairman of ninemsn, Allure Media and Downstream Media.
                                              Qualifications: BA, MBA, GAICD



               34       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
                        Prof Bruce Robinson, AC
                        Non‐executive Director Age 63
                        Appointed to the Board 13 December 2016: Chairman of Medical Science Committee. Member
                        of the Nomination, People & Culture and Technology & Innovation Committees.
                        Background: Over 20 years’ leadership experience as an academic physician/scientist across
                        research, healthcare and medicine, and tertiary education. Former Dean, The University of




For personal use only
                        Sydney’s Sydney Medical School, Head of Medicine at Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital and
                        Head of the Cancer Genetics Laboratory at the Kolling Institute for Medical Research.
                        Other boards: Chairman, National Health and Medical Research Council. Director,
                        MaynePharma and QBiotics. Director, Woolcock Institute of Medical Research and Senior
                        Advisor to McKinsey & Company and MinterEllison.
                        Former directorships: Director of Firefly and Digital Health Agency CRC.
                        Qualifications: MD, MSc, FRACP, FAAHMS, FAICD


                        Abbas Hussain
                        Non‐executive Director Age 55
                        Appointed to the Board 1 December 2018: Member of the Nomination, Medical Science and
                        Technology & Innovation Committees.
                        Background: Over 30 years’ global experience in the pharmaceutical industry with significant
                        experience in building relationships with professionals within the healthcare industry. Former
                        Global President, Pharmaceuticals at GlaxoSmithKline.
                        Other boards: Director, CSL Limited and Immunocore Limited. Senior Advisor, CellResearch
                        Corp and C‐Bridge Group, Hikma PLC, Director TARGTEX, Advisor to Indegene Inc.
                        Qualifications: BSc (Hons)




                        Michael Daniell
                        Non‐executive Director Age 64
                        Appointed to the Board 1 January 2020: Member of the Nomination, Medical Science and
                        Technology & Innovation Committees.
                        Background: Over 40 years’ experience in the medical device industry with extensive executive
                        leadership experience. Former Managing Director and CEO of Fisher & Paykel Healthcare
                        Corporation Limited responsible for the global business and operations including the design,
                        manufacture and marketing of innovative products and systems for use in respiratory care,
                        acute care and treatment of obstructive sleep apnea.
                        Other boards: Director, Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corporation Ltd, Council member, The
                        University of Auckland, Director, Tait International Limited, Chair, New Zealand Medical
                        Technology Centre of Research Excellence, Director, Medical Research Commercialisation Fund.
                        Qualifications: BE (Hons), Electrical, CMInstD (NZ)




               35
               Executive team




For personal use only
                                                        Dig Howitt
                                                        CEO & President
                                                        Dig joined Cochlear in 2000 and has a wealth of experience across the Company in
                                                        roles including Chief Operating Officer, SVP, Manufacturing and Logistics and
                                                        President, Asia Pacific. Prior to joining Cochlear, Dig worked for Boral and Boston
                                                        Consulting Group. Dig is a member of the Male Champions of Change STEM group.
                                                        He was appointed as President of Cochlear on 31 July 2017 and became CEO &
                                                        President on 3 January 2018.
                                                        Qualifications: BE (Hons), MBA




                                                        Brent Cubis
                                                        Chief Financial Officer
                                                        Brent is responsible for accounting, corporate finance, treasury, audit, and investor
                                                        relations. He joined Cochlear in February 2017 and has over 30 years’ experience
                                                        working in senior finance roles across a broad range of global industries and
                                                        companies, including health, media (PBL Media) and property (Westfield, Bankers
                                                        Trust and Sheraton). Brent qualified as a Chartered Accountant at Deloitte, which
                                                        included a transfer to the US. Brent has also been a director for various charities and
                                                        is an Alumni Leader for UNSW Business School.
                                                        Qualifications: BComm, CA




                                                        Jan Janssen
                                                        Chief Technology Officer
                                                        Jan leads a team of over 350 highly qualified engineers and scientists who implement
                                                        the R&D strategy. This includes responsibility for identifying and developing cutting‐
                                                        edge technologies and bringing these innovations through to commercial products.
                                                        Since 2017, he is also responsible for the business development strategy of Cochlear.
                                                        Jan started his career at Philips Electronics in 1990 and joined Cochlear in 2000 as
                                                        Head of the Cochlear Technology Centre based in Belgium. After relocation to Sydney
                                                        in 2003, Jan was promoted to SVP, Design and Development in 2005. In 2017, he was
                                                        appointed Chief Technology Officer. Since 2019, Jan also has executive level
                                                        accountability for quality and regulatory affairs.
                                                        Qualifications: MScEE




               36       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
                        Tony Manna
                        President, Americas Region
                        Tony is responsible for the development and execution of the strategic direction for
                        our North America operations.
                        Tony joined Cochlear in 2005 and has over 30 years’ medical device experience,




For personal use only
                        including senior commercial management roles at BEI Medical and Gyrus Medical.
                        Prior roles in Cochlear include VP, Sales USA, General Manager, Cochlear Bone
                        Anchored Solutions, USA and President, Cochlear Bone Anchored Solutions, Sweden.
                        Qualifications: BS EET




                        Richard Brook
                        President, EMEA & Latin American Region
                        Richard is responsible for the development and execution of the strategic direction
                        for all our operations in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Latin America.
                        This includes sales in over 60 countries.
                        Before joining Cochlear in 2003, Richard held senior roles in Guidant Corporation and
                        Alaris Medical Systems. He has over 30 years’ experience in the medical device
                        industry.
                        Qualifications: BSc Management, MBA




                        Anthony Bishop
                        President, Asia Pacific Region
                        Anthony was appointed President, Asia Pacific in July 2016. Anthony is responsible
                        for the development and execution of the strategic direction for all our operations
                        in Australia, Asia and the South Pacific.
                        Anthony joined Cochlear in July 2015 as Director of Marketing and Business
                        Development, Asia Pacific. Prior to Cochlear, Anthony spent 21 years at Johnson &
                        Johnson Medical in various roles including marketing, sales and general management
                        around the world including being Managing Director, Johnson & Johnson Medical,
                        Australia/New Zealand prior to joining Cochlear.
                        Qualifications: BBus (Hons), MManagement, GAICD


                        Rom Mendel
                        President, Acoustics
                        Rom is responsible for the development and execution of the strategic direction for
                        our Acoustics business and is the General Manager for Cochlear Bone Anchored
                        Solutions, Sweden.
                        Rom joined Cochlear in 2007. He has over 20 years’ experience in various commercial
                        roles within hearing care and other high‐tech industries in Denmark, the US and
                        Sweden including senior commercial management roles at Oticon and Eicon
                        Networks. Prior roles in Cochlear include Director of Marketing Cochlear Bone
                        Anchored Solutions, Sweden and General Manager, Cochlear Bone Anchored
                        Solutions, USA.
                        Qualifications: MSc International Business, BSc



               37
                                                        Stu Sayers
                                                        President, Services
                                                        Stu was appointed as Cochlear’s inaugural President, Services in May 2016. The
                                                        Services business provides aftercare services for Cochlear recipients and
                                                        professionals, generating revenue from post‐implant products and other offerings.




For personal use only
                                                        Stu comes with a wealth of experience in establishing and building customer‐focused
                                                        business‐to‐customer and business‐to‐business service businesses, online and at
                                                        scale. Most recently, Stu led the Amazon subsidiary Audible in Asia Pacific. Prior to
                                                        Amazon, Stu ran E*TRADE and then Yahoo!7 in Australia and New Zealand. Prior to
                                                        that, he worked for Procter & Gamble and McKinsey & Company.
                                                        Qualifications: BEc (Hons), MBA




                                                        Dean Phizacklea
                                                        Senior Vice President, Global Marketing
                                                        Dean joined Cochlear in June 2016. Dean has responsibility for product marketing
                                                        and commercialisation, consumer marketing, innovation, market access, market
                                                        insights and corporate communications.
                                                        Dean has more than 20 years' experience in medical devices and pharmaceuticals,
                                                        covering a range of senior commercial roles in the US, Japan, Europe and Australia.
                                                        Prior to joining Cochlear, Dean led Global Strategic Marketing for Abbott Diabetes
                                                        Care. Other roles include General Manager for Abbott's pharmaceutical and diabetes
                                                        care businesses in Australia/New Zealand and commercial roles in Asia with
                                                        AstraZeneca.
                                                        Qualifications: BSc Microbiology, MBA



                                                        David Hackshall
                                                        Chief Information Officer
                                                        David joined Cochlear in July 2015 as Cochlear’s first Chief Information Officer and
                                                        has global responsibility for the Company’s information technology strategy and
                                                        management. David’s focus is to ensure Cochlear has the platforms in place to deliver
                                                        and drive growth. This capability is critical in connecting Cochlear with both
                                                        professionals and recipients and evolving Cochlear into both a business‐to‐business
                                                        as well as business‐to‐customer organisation.
                                                        Prior to Cochlear, David was Chief Information Officer at Wesfarmers Insurance Ltd
                                                        and brings over 15 years of executive experience across the communications,
                                                        logistics and finance sectors.
                                                        Qualifications: DipFN, MIT, MBA




               38       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
                        Greg Bodkin
                        Senior Vice President, Supply Chain & Operational Excellence
                        Greg has functional responsibility for new product industrialisation, procurement,
                        manufacturing, logistics and warranty & repair. These functions enable the
                        technologies developed in design and development to be supplied as commercial




For personal use only
                        products in Cochlear’s global markets. In addition, he leads the Cochlear Program
                        Office and management of the Global Property portfolio.
                        Greg joined Cochlear in 2007 as Head of Supply with 20 years’ prior experience in
                        supply chain management and operations consulting positions, including
                        appointments at Taylor Ceramic Engineering, Warman International Ltd, Weir
                        Minerals PLC and National Australia Bank. In August 2014, he was promoted to the
                        position of SVP Manufacturing and Logistics. In January 2018, he was promoted to
                        the position of SVP, Supply Chain & Operational Excellence.
                        Qualifications: BE (Hons), MComm (UNSW)


                        Jennifer Hornery
                        Senior Vice President, People & Culture
                        Jennifer joined Cochlear in 2008 as Senior HR Business Partner with responsibility for
                        manufacturing and logistics and safety and wellness before taking on responsibility
                        for People & Culture Business Partnering for Cochlear's global functions in 2016.
                        Jennifer was appointed SVP, People & Culture in 2017 and her focus is to ensure the
                        right strategic capabilities, organisation and culture are in place to support
                        Cochlear’s performance and growth aspirations.
                        Prior to Cochlear, Jennifer worked in commercial, strategy and HR leadership roles
                        across a number of industries within Australia and the US, including senior positions
                        at Campbell Arnott’s and Booz & Company.
                        Qualifications: BComm, MBA, GAICD



                        Brian Kaplan
                        Senior Vice President, Clinical Strategy and Innovation
                        Brian joined Cochlear in 2016 and manages clinical strategy and innovation for
                        Cochlear. He is responsible for the clinical data to support present and future
                        products and services. Brian dedicates two‐thirds of his time to his role at Cochlear,
                        while continuing to direct a cochlear implant surgical practice at the Greater
                        Baltimore Medical Center.
                        Brian's past research interests have included hearing loss, balance disorders, and
                        hair cell regeneration. His current practice focuses on adult and paediatric otology,
                        with an emphasis on hearing restoration. Brian is board‐certified in otolaryngology
                        and is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons.
                        Brian has completed an Otolaryngology residency at the University of Virginia, is
                        the Chairman, Department of Otolaryngology at the Greater Baltimore Medical
                        Center and Director, Presbyterian Board of Governors Cochlear Implant Center at
                        the Greater Baltimore Medical Center.
                        Qualifications: BNeuroSci, BA, MD, FACS




               39
               Remuneration report
               Letter from the Chair of the People & Culture




For personal use only
               Committee (P&CC)
               Dear Shareholders
               On behalf of the Cochlear Board, I present to you the FY20 Remuneration report where we outline Cochlear’s remuneration
               strategy, summarise the performance outcomes for FY20 and detail the associated remuneration outcomes for Cochlear’s key
               management personnel.
               Cochlear had a strong start to FY20. From mid‐March, however, the impact on profitability from an adverse litigation judgment
               and COVID‐19 was significant. During this period of uncertainty, the Board and management made every effort to retain its
               highly skilled workforce and investment in research and development programs. The Board undertook several measures to
               help share the burden with shareholders and protect the long‐term future of the Company including:
                       Reductions in Board and executive pay for a period of three months commencing mid‐April 2020:
                            −   Non‐executive directors took a 30% reduction in Board and committee fees;
                            −   The CEO & President (CEO&P) took a 30% reduction in base salary; and
                            −   Other executives took a 20% reduction in base salary;
                       No short‐term incentive (STI) for FY20 was paid; and
                       No fixed pay increases for the Board or executive team were made for FY21.
               FY20 performance and reward outcomes
               The Board is satisfied that the reward outcomes under the STI and long‐term incentive (LTI) plans for FY20 reflect the
               Company’s performance in this challenging period.
               The Board made changes to the STI plan in FY20 by introducing a minimum net profit after tax (NPAT) gateway, in addition to
               revenue growth targets and achievement of Company strategic objectives. Due to the significant impact that COVID‐19 had on
               the business, NPAT guidance was withdrawn in March 2020 and the NPAT gateway on the STI plan was not achieved. The Board
               considered a range of additional factors, including the disruption of COVID‐19 and the impact of the patent litigation decision,
               and determined that no discretion would be applied to the FY20 STI plan, resulting in no STI payments made to any employee,
               including executives.
               For LTI, Cochlear’s performance hurdles of relative total shareholder return against the ASX 100 was at the 72nd percentile and
               basic earnings per share (EPS) represented a (12.9%) compound annual growth rate over the last three years. Based on these
               results, 46.4% of the FY18‐20 LTI vested to the CEO&P and executives. There was no vesting for the EPS portion of the FY18‐20
               LTI plan. Further detail on this year’s remuneration outcomes are provided in this report.
               Our executive remuneration framework
               The Board is committed to ensure our executive remuneration framework and the associated reward outcomes align with our
               business objectives, performance and shareholder expectations.
               After extensive consultation, the Board introduced changes to the LTI plan for FY20, including extending the performance
               period from three to four years and recalibrating target and maximum EPS measures to align to the Company’s growth targets
               and current market conditions.




               40            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               As mentioned in the Letter to shareholders, due to the uncertain timing of a global recovery from the pandemic, we cannot
               accurately forecast the future impact this will have on our operations and financial results over the next 12 months. For this
               reason, the Board anticipates that discretion will need to be considered and applied (upwards or downwards) using the
               parameters of our existing remuneration framework at the end of the FY21 performance period. This will ensure fair and
               equitable remuneration outcomes for executives that enable Cochlear to continue to engage and retain our highly skilled
               workforce, and consider a range of stakeholders including shareholders, customers and the community.
               The Board believes Cochlear’s approach to Board and executive remuneration remains balanced, fair and equitable, and




For personal use only
               rewards and motivates a successful and experienced executive team to ensure Cochlear is successful over the long term.




               Glen Boreham, AM
               Chair, People & Culture Committee




               41
               Contents
               This report covers:
               1.       Key management personnel;
               2.       Executive KMP remuneration received in FY20 (unaudited);




For personal use only
               3.       Our remuneration strategy and framework;
               4.       Executive KMP remuneration and link to performance;
               5.       Executive KMP statutory remuneration disclosure;
               6.       Executive service agreements;
               7.       Remuneration governance;
               8.       Executive KMP equity disclosures; and
               9.       Non‐executive director fees.
               The information provided in this Remuneration report (except for section 2 and section 8.3) has been audited as required by
               section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001.


               1. Key management personnel
               This report covers key management personnel (KMP) who have authority for planning, directing and controlling the activities
               of Cochlear and comprise non‐executive directors (NEDs) and executive KMP as outlined in the table below.

               Name                             Position                                           Term as KMP
               Non‐executive directors
               Rick Holliday‐Smith             Chairman                                            Full year
               Yasmin Allen                    Non‐executive director                              Full year
               Glen Boreham, AM                Non‐executive director                              Full year
               Michael Daniell                 Non‐executive director                              Part year ‐ appointed 1 January 2020
               Alison Deans                    Non‐executive director                              Full year
               Andrew Denver                   Non‐executive director                              Full year
               Abbas Hussain                   Non‐executive director                              Full year
               Donal O'Dwyer                   Non‐executive director                              Full year
               Bruce Robinson, AC              Non‐executive director                              Full year
               Executive KMP
               Dig Howitt                      CEO & President (CEO&P)                             Full year
               Anthony Bishop                  President, Asia Pacific Region                      Full year
               Richard Brook                   President, EMEA & Latin American Region             Full year
               Brent Cubis                     Chief Financial Officer                             Full year
               Jan Janssen                     Chief Technology Officer                            Full year
               Tony Manna                      President, Americas Region                          Full year

               As announced to the market on 13 July 2020, Brent Cubis, Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving Cochlear at the end of calendar
               year 2020.




               42           Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               2. Executive KMP remuneration received in FY20
               (unaudited)
               The table below presents the remuneration paid to, received by or vested to each executive KMP during the year. Fixed
               remuneration and cash STI relate to amounts earned during the year and vested deferred STI and vested LTI represent equity




For personal use only
               vesting from prior years.
               The figures presented below are different to the statutory disclosures in section 5 which are prepared in accordance with the
               accounting standards and therefore include the accounting value for all unvested deferred STI and LTI awards expensed in the
               year. The table below has been provided voluntarily to ensure shareholders are able to clearly understand the remuneration
               outcomes and actual ‘take‐home pay’ of executive KMP for FY20.

               Amounts $                                  Year              Fixed            Cash STI2            Vested         Vested LTI4               Total
                                                                    remuneration1                           deferred STI3
               Executive KMP
               Dig Howitt                                 FY20           1,744,153                    ‐          206,683            864,687           2,815,523
                                                          FY19           1,725,969          1,105,225            155,430           2,075,203          5,061,827
               Anthony Bishop                             FY20             561,171                    ‐          129,803            272,124             963,097
                                                          FY19             524,528            244,481            148,896                    ‐           917,905
               Richard Brook                              FY20           1,045,039                    ‐          205,594            682,358           1,932,991
                                                          FY19           1,009,004            360,020            164,934           1,858,388          3,392,347
               Brent Cubis                                FY20             633,651                    ‐           52,923                    ‐           686,574
                                                          FY19             633,522            284,927                    ‐                  ‐           918,449
               Jan Janssen                                FY20             851,002                    ‐          188,824            706,925           1,746,751
                                                          FY19             783,783            422,605            153,450           1,436,076          2,795,914
               Tony Manna                                 FY20             923,513                    ‐          216,701            686,174           1,826,388
                                                          FY19             850,835            353,068            147,114           1,293,946          2,644,963
               1.       Fixed remuneration earned in the year (base salary, superannuation and non‐monetary benefits which may include insurances and car
                        allowances). Richard Brook’s fixed remuneration for FY20 and FY19 excludes employer contributions for social security, accident and
                        sickness and reflects actual ‘take‐home pay’. These amounts are presented in the statutory table in section 5. Tony Manna’s non‐
                        monetary benefits for the FY19 comparative year have been adjusted from $75,508 to $87,762, with the total for FY19 adjusted
                        accordingly.
               2.       Cash STI earned and relating to performance during the financial year. For example, FY20 is reported as STI payments which are accrued
                        at year end, and received in August 2020, after the reporting year end.
               3.       Vested deferred STI is the value of the deferred STI from prior years that vested in August of the reported financial year (calculated as
                        the number of rights that vested multiplied by the share price on the vesting date). For example, FY20 is reported as the FY17 deferred
                        STI grant which vested in August 2019.
               4.       Vested LTI is the value of performance rights and options that vested in August of the reported financial year (rights are calculated as
                        the number of rights that vested multiplied by the share price on the vesting date and options are calculated as the number of options
                        multiplied by the share price on the date of vesting/exercise less the exercise price). For example, FY20 is reported as the FY17 LTI grant
                        which vested in August 2019 (79.3% of awards vested due to performance).




               43
               3. Our remuneration strategy and framework
               Cochlear’s executive remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain a highly qualified and experienced group
               of executives employed across diverse geographies. The following diagram links each of the executive team remuneration
               components to Cochlear’s mission and strategy.




For personal use only
                                                                            Cochlear’s mission and strategy

                                                                           To help people hear and be heard

                                                                   We deliver this through our corporate strategy…

                                                                                                                                           Deliver consistent
                                      Retain market                                   Grow the hearing
                                                                                                                                           revenue and earnings
                                      leadership                                      implant market
                                                                                                                                           growth

                                                                             and four strategic platforms…


                                                                      Build a Service                    Shape the
                                  Grow the core                                                                                            Value creation
                                                                      business                           organisation


                                             which are reflected in performance measures across Cochlear’s incentive plans…

                                                                                                                    Relative total shareholder return (TSR)
                 Net profit after tax (NPAT)                        Achievement of business priorities
                 Sales revenue                                      and growth initiatives                          Compound annual growth rate in earnings
                                                                                                                    per share (EPS)

                                                        with actual outcomes directly driving executive remuneration.

                       Fixed                                    Short‐term                             Long‐term
                                                                                                                                               Total remuneration
                    remuneration                                 incentive                              incentive


               3.1 Target remuneration mix
               The remuneration mix for executive KMP is weighted towards at‐risk performance based remuneration to ensure a strong
               focus on short, medium and long‐term performance. A portion of executive remuneration is paid in equity (44% for the CEO&P
               and 33% for other executive KMP) to align our executives with shareholder interests.


                                                                   CEO&P                             Other Executive KMP1


                                                                                                           22%
                                                          33%                    34%
                                                                                                                                45%
                                                                                                     11%


                                                             11%
                                                                          22%                                 22%




                    1
                        Excludes the transitional arrangement for FY20 where executives (excluding the CEO&P) had an LTI opportunity of 62.5% of base salary. Refer to
                        section 3.4 for more detail.



               44             Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               3.2 Fixed remuneration
               Fixed remuneration comprises base salary, superannuation and non‐monetary benefits which may include insurances and car
               allowances. It is set at a level to attract and retain executive talent with the appropriate capabilities to deliver Cochlear’s
               objectives.
               Fixed remuneration is generally positioned at the median of the relevant market and is reviewed annually to ensure alignment
               with local market benchmarks, and it is reflective of the executive’s expertise and performance in the role. Market benchmarks




For personal use only
               are typically set with reference to market capitalisation and include organisations within Cochlear’s industry sector and/or
               similar in global operations and complexity as determined by the P&CC each year.

               3.3 Short‐term incentive
               Purpose        To align and reward executives for the achievement of Cochlear group and regional (for regional executives) performance
                              targets set by the Board at the beginning of the performance period.

               Performance STI is dependent on meeting financial and strategic performance measures:
               measures     Performance       Description
                            measure and
                            weighting
                            Performance          Group Performance Gateway (minimum NPAT threshold) to drive global alignment.
                            Gateway
                            Sales revenue        Sales revenue growth is critical to short and longer‐term shareholder returns.
                            (60%)                Financial targets are set by the Board, having regard to prior year performance, global market
                                                  conditions, competitive environment, future prospects and Board approved budgets. The targets
                                                  incorporate a significant amount of stretch to ensure executives are engaged and incentivised to
                                                  appropriately deliver results. The specific targets are not disclosed to the market due to their
                                                  commercial sensitivity.
                                                 The weighting between Cochlear group and regional financial targets depends on the
                                                  responsibilities and scope of influence of the executive.
                            Strategic            Strategic measures recognise that in addition to short‐term financial results, a number of strategic
                            measures (40%)        initiatives are required to enable sustained growth over time.

                               Individual             Each executive’s contribution against performance objectives is assessed at an individual level at
                               contribution            the end of the performance period. This assessment determines the level at which awards are
                                                       made.

                              Validation of performance against the measures set for:

                                  the CEO&P involves a review by the Board based on financial inputs from the Chief Financial Officer, and approved by
                                   the P&CC and Board each year; and

                                  other executive KMP involves a review by the CEO&P based on inputs from the Chief Financial Officer and approved
                                   by the P&CC.

                              Any anomalies or discretionary elements are validated and approved by the Board.

                              Refer to section 4 for further detail on measures for FY20.
               Opportunity CEO&P: target opportunity is 100% of base salary, and maximum is up to 180% of base salary.
                            Other executive KMP: target opportunity is 75% of base salary, and maximum is up to 135% of base salary.
               Delivery     Two‐thirds of the award is paid in cash annually, with one‐third deferred into service rights for a period of two years (subject
                            to a service condition) to reinforce alignment to longer‐term shareholder interests and for retention purposes. No dividends
                            are attached to service rights.
                            The number of rights to be allocated is calculated using the ‘gross contract value’, which refers to a Black‐Scholes‐Merton
                            pricing model without discounting for service or performance hurdles. The model uses Cochlear’s share price following the
                            announcement of full year results in August each year.
               Cessation of Prior to STI payment date: if an executive ceases employment with Cochlear prior to any cash being paid, or service rights
               employment being granted, the executive will forfeit any awards to be paid for the performance period, unless the Board determines
                            otherwise.
                            Post STI payment date: if an executive is dismissed for serious misconduct or resigns from their position after service rights
                            have been granted, but prior to the relevant vesting date, any unvested rights will generally be forfeited, unless the Board
                            determines otherwise.




               45
               3.4 Long‐term incentive
               Purpose           To align the remuneration opportunity for the executive team with shareholder value and provide a stimulus for the
                                 retention of executives within the Company.
               Award vehicle     LTI is delivered as 50% options and 50% performance rights.

               Opportunity       CEO&P: maximum opportunity is 100% of base salary.




For personal use only
                                 Other executive KMP: maximum opportunity is 50% of base salary.

                                 For FY20, a transitional arrangement was implemented to recognise that increasing the performance period from
                                 three to four years will result in a gap year of LTI vesting in FY22 for executives. In FY20, executives (excluding the
                                 CEO&P) had an opportunity of 62.5% of base salary.

               Allocation        The LTI opportunity is calculated using the ‘gross contract value’, which refers to a Black‐Scholes‐Merton pricing model
               method            without discounting for service or performance hurdles.
                                 Gross contract value discounts for dividends not paid, share price volatility and the risk free rate of return. There is no
                                 discount for the likelihood of service or performance conditions. The model uses Cochlear’s five‐day volume‐weighted
                                 average share price following the announcement of full year results in August each year.

               Performance       Performance is measured over a four‐year performance period.
               period            Post vesting, options expire seven months after the vesting date if they have not been exercised. There is no retesting
                                 of performance hurdles under the LTI plan.

                                 For FY20, a transitional arrangement was implemented to recognise that increasing the performance period from three
                                 to four years will result in a gap year of LTI vesting in FY22 for executives. For FY20 only, two grants were provided to
                                 the executive team (excluding the CEO&P):
                                     grant 1: 50% of the annual LTI grant opportunity with a three‐year performance period; and
                                     grant 2: 75% of the annual LTI grant opportunity with a four‐year performance period.
                                 No transitional arrangement was provided to the CEO&P. The CEO&P’s FY20 LTI grant opportunity continued to be 100%
                                 of base salary with a four‐year performance period.
               Performance       Awards are subject to:
               measures and          50% weighting on relative TSR against the constituents of the ASX 100 index as at the start of the performance
               hurdles                period; and
                                     50% weighting on compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in EPS.
                                 The proportion of awards that vest for performance are:
                                                       Relative TSR                                                       EPS
                                 Performance                      % of instruments that          Performance (CAGR)            % of instruments that
                                                                           vest                                                         vest
                                 Less than 50th percentile                  0%                   Less than 7.5%                          0%
                                 At the 50th percentile                   40%                   7.5%                                     50%
                                 50th percentile to 75th
                                                                40% to 100% (pro‐rata)          7.5% to 12.5%                  50% to 100% (pro‐rata)
                                 percentile
                                 Above 75th percentile                   100%                   Above 12.5%                             100%

                                 These measures have been selected to incentivise the executive team towards long‐term sustainable growth of the
                                 business and are generally accepted proxies for the creation of shareholder value.
               Dividends         No dividends are attached to options or performance rights.

               Cessation of      If an executive ceases employment with Cochlear before the end of the performance period, unvested LTI awards will
               employment        generally be forfeited. In exceptional circumstances (including, but not limited to, redundancy and retirement), the
                                 Board may in its discretion, determine that all or a portion of the award will vest in line with the original performance
                                 criteria and vesting date.




               46          Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               4. Executive KMP remuneration and link to
               performance
               4.1 FY20 STI outcomes




For personal use only
               STI is based on meeting a Group Performance Gateway of NPAT, and performance against financial measures (60%) and
               strategic measures (40%).
               In FY20, Cochlear experienced a significant and rapid decline in revenue from mid‐March to early May, as a result of
               COVID‐19 with elective surgeries deferred across the world. As a result, the Group Performance Gateway was not met, and no
               STI pool was created for FY20.
               Under the terms of the plan, the Board is able to exercise discretion to create or modify (upwards or downwards) the award
               pool to allow payments to be made. After a holistic assessment of business performance, and consideration of shareholder
               experience during this period, the Board decided to not exercise discretion and no STI awards (including deferred STI grants)
               were made to any employee (including executives) under the plan.
               The table below provides a summary, and achievement against each, of the financial and strategic measures of the STI plan.
               Measures were agreed with the P&CC at the commencement of the financial year and aligned to the delivery of initiatives that
               support Cochlear’s strategic priorities.

                                         Strategic priority         Business priority                    Commentary on performance                           Achievement
                                                                     Launch new products and             Strengthened product portfolio for Cochlear
                                                      Retain          services                             Implants and Acoustics with launch of new
                                                      market         Drive upgrade penetration            acoustic and cochlear implants
                                                      leadership     Ensure technology leadership        Extended leadership in connected services with
                                                                     Develop organisational talent        Remote Check launch
                                                                      and capability                      Increased organisational capability through
                                                                     Implement the digital strategy       investment in leadership development and sales
                                                                     Develop partnerships and             presence

                  Strategic measures
                                                                      alliances                           Implemented initiatives to improve customer
                                                                     Drive One Cochlear and               experience, including expanding Cochlear Family
                                                                      operational excellence               membership
                                                                     Increase recipient engagement       Continued efficiency gains in supply chain,

                         (40%)                                       Create world‐class customer          customer service and procurement
                                                                      experiences

                                                                     Increase access and funding         Strengthened direct‐to‐consumer capability in
                                                      Grow the
                                                                     Expand and enhance direct‐to‐        existing markets, and launched in more
                                                      hearing         consumer capability                  countries
                                                      implant        Build referrals from the Hearing    Implemented market access initiatives
                                                      market          Aid and ENT channel                 Expanded growth programs to build the referral
                                                                                                           channel


                                                                     Achieve the FY20 financial          Financial targets were not met due to the
                  Financial measures
                                                      Deliver
                                                      consistent      targets                              impact of COVID‐19 on sales revenue, combined
                                                      revenue and                                          with the cost of an adverse litigation judgment
                                                                                                          Raised capital and increased debt facilities to
                                                      earnings

                        (60%)
                                                                                                           strengthen balance sheet and liquidity position
                                                      growth
                                                                                                          Implemented a significant reduction in non‐
                                                                                                           essential spending and capital expenditure



                                       = Below expectations         = Met expectations              = Exceeded expectations




               47
               As a result of performance, no FY20 STI payments were made as outlined in the table below.

               Executive KMP                                 STI target as a                 STI maximum as a                  Actual STI as a                       Actual STI as a             STI forfeited as a            Actual STI ($)
                                                            % of base salary                   % of base salary                   % of target                        % of maximum                  % of maximum
               Dig Howitt                                                 100%                                 180%                                            0%                       0%                          100%                         0




For personal use only
               Anthony Bishop                                               75%                                135%                                            0%                       0%                          100%                         0
               Richard Brook                                                75%                                135%                                            0%                       0%                          100%                         0
               Brent Cubis                                                  75%                                135%                                            0%                       0%                          100%                         0
               Jan Janssen                                                  75%                                135%                                            0%                       0%                          100%                         0
               Tony Manna                                                   75%                                135%                                            0%                       0%                          100%                         0




               4.2 FY18‐20 LTI vesting outcomes
               LTI is based on performance against relative TSR (50%) and EPS growth (50%) over a three‐year performance period. The graphs
               below illustrate Cochlear’s relative TSR and EPS performance over the past five years.

                  For FY20, Cochlear’s TSR performance was 30.6%, which was                                                         Cochlear’s underlying EPS1 in FY20 was 257.9 cents, which is a
                  ranked at the 72nd percentile of the ASX 100 comparator group.                                                    (12.9%) CAGR over the three‐year performance period. This
                  This resulted in performance between target and stretch, and as                                                   resulted in performance below target and as a result, 0% of the
                  a result, 92.8% of the TSR portion of the LTI vested.                                                             EPS portion of the LTI vested.

                                                      Cochlear TSR performance against targets                                                                               Cochlear EPS performance against targets
                                 200%                                                                                                                   40%
                                                              174.0%                                                                                                                 33.3%
                                 180%
                                                                             157.0%                                                                     30%
                                 160%
                                 140%                                                                                                                                                              18.6%




                                                                                                                                     3‐year EPS CAGR
                                             127.2%                                                                                                     20%


                    3‐year TSR
                                 120%                                                                                                                               12.4%                                            11.7%
                                 100%                                                                                                                   10%
                                                                                                76.3%
                                 80%
                                                                                                                                                           ‐
                                 60%
                                                                                                                                                                    FY16              FY17          FY18             FY19               FY20
                                 40%                                                                              30.6%
                                                                                                                                                       (10%)
                                 20%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (12.9%)
                                  0%                                                                                                                   (20%)
                                              FY16             FY17           FY18              FY19               FY20

                                        Cochlear TSR performance       Median TSR (target)         75th percentile TSR (stretch)                                      Cochlear EPS performance             Target            Stretch




                                                            For the FY18‐20 LTI, 46.4% vests based on performance over the three‐year period
                                                                                     from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2020.
               1. Underlying EPS excludes innovation fund gains and patent litigation expense.




               48                       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               4.3 Financial performance history (FY16 to FY20)
                                                                                         FY16           FY17           FY18            FY19           FY20
               Sales revenue ($million)1                                              1,158.1         1,239.7        1,351.4        1,446.1         1,352.3
               Earnings/(loss) before interest and tax (EBIT) ($million)                262.6          315.6           348.4          370.1         (262.2)
               EBIT (excluding innovation fund gains and patent litigation
                                                                                          n/a             n/a          350.6          359.3           206.9
               expense) ($million)




For personal use only
               Net profit/(loss) after tax (NPAT) ($million)                            188.9          223.6           245.8          276.7         (238.3)
               NPAT (excluding innovation fund gains and patent litigation
                                                                                          n/a             n/a          248.0          265.9           153.8
               expense) ($million)
               Basic earnings/(loss) per share (EPS) (cents) – reported                 330.6          389.7           427.3          479.6         (399.6)
               Basic EPS (excluding innovation fund gains and patent
                                                                                          n/a             n/a          431.1          460.9           257.9
               litigation expense) (cents)
               EPS growth (3‐year CAGR)                                                12.4%           33.3%          18.6%           13.2%       (200.8%)
               EPS growth (excluding innovation fund gains and patent
                                                                                          n/a             n/a            n/a          11.7%         (12.9%)
               litigation expense) (3‐year CAGR)
               Total dividend per share ($)2                                             2.30            2.70           3.00           3.30            1.60
               Share price as at 30 June ($)                                           121.25         155.45          200.17         206.84         188.93
               Relative total shareholder return (TSR) (3 years)                      127.2%          174.0%         157.0%           76.3%          30.6%
               TSR percentile ranking3                                                    94th           96th           97th            81st           72nd
               1.       Excludes foreign exchange gain/(loss) on hedged sales.
               2.       No final FY20 dividend; $1.60 is the interim dividend for FY20.
               3.       TSR percentile ranking is shown over three financial years to 30 June. For LTI, performance is compared to the TSR of the constituents
                        of the ASX 100 as at the start of the relevant performance period.

               For further explanation of details on Cochlear performance, see the Operating and financial review section on pages 15 to 32
               of this Annual Report.




               49
               5. Executive KMP statutory remuneration
               disclosure
               The table below presents the total remuneration for executive KMP in accordance with the accounting standards.




For personal use only
               Amounts $        Year           Short‐term benefits           Post‐      Other long‐      Share based payments                Total            % of
                                                                         employment            term                                                   performance
                                                                                           benefits                                                        related
                                            Salary     Cash STI    Non‐         Super‐ Long service Deferred            LTI       LTI                remuneration
                                                                monetary    annuation         leave      STI2 performance    options3
                                                                benefits1 contributions                             rights3
               Executive KMP
               Dig Howitt       FY20    1,721,612            ‐        1,538    21,003     41,051    298,081      151,890    463,205      2,698,380        33.84%
                                FY19    1,704,308    1,105,225        1,130    20,531    (19,078)   344,269      124,402    413,778      3,694,565        53.80%
               Anthony          FY20      539,245            ‐         923     21,003      6,549     70,316       38,756      36,625      713,417         20.42%
               Bishop           FY19      503,356     244,481          640     20,531      2,583     99,369       45,172      24,710      940,842         43.97%
               Richard Brook FY20         767,993            ‐   235,341      152,924           ‐   104,762       53,498      79,027     1,393,545        17.03%
                                FY19      753,728     360,020    275,439      152,836           ‐   150,706       89,567      75,067     1,857,363        36.36%
               Brent Cubis      FY20      611,725            ‐         923     21,003      4,397     84,302       52,062      59,666      834,078         23.50%
                                FY19      612,350     284,927          640     20,531      2,472     96,139       34,503      35,415     1,086,977        41.49%
               Jan Janssen      FY20      828,461            ‐        1,538    21,003      4,869    115,315       60,412      88,868     1,120,466        23.61%
                                FY19      762,121     422,605         1,130    20,531     22,880    157,525       69,669      88,896     1,545,357        47.80%
               Tony Manna       FY20      816,517            ‐       85,755    21,241           ‐   102,227       36,386    111,795      1,173,921        21.33%
                                FY19      743,718     353,068        87,762    19,355           ‐   150,682       30,346    120,337      1,505,268        43.48%
               Total            FY20    5,285,553            ‐   326,018      258,177     56,866    775,003      393,004    839,186      7,933,807        25.30%
                                FY19    5,079,581    2,770,326   366,741      254,315      8,857    998,690      393,659    758,203     10,630,372        46.29%
               1.       Non‐monetary benefits include insurances for all KMP and car and housing allowances for overseas based KMP which are market‐based
                        payments. For Richard Brook, the amount also includes compulsory social security contributions of approximately $111,000. Tony
                        Manna’s non‐monetary benefits for the FY19 comparative year have been adjusted from $75,508 to $87,762, with the totals for FY19
                        adjusted accordingly.
               2.       Deferred STI is granted in service rights and deferred for a further two years. The cost of the plan is expensed across three years. The
                        FY20 amount represents the portion of the FY18 and FY19 deferred STI expensed in FY20. The FY19 amount represents the portion of
                        the FY17, FY18 and FY19 deferred STI expensed in FY19.
               3.       LTI granted in performance rights and options are expensed evenly over the period from grant date to vesting date. The value is
                        calculated at the date of grant using the Black‐Scholes‐Merton pricing model discounted for vesting probabilities of non‐market
                        performance criteria. The amount expensed each reporting period includes adjustments to the life‐to‐date expense of grants based on
                        the reassessed estimate of achieving non‐market performance criteria and final vesting amounts for the non‐market performance
                        criteria of performance rights and options. The value disclosed above is the portion of the value of the performance rights and options
                        recognised as an expense in the financial year. The ability to exercise the performance rights and options is conditional on Cochlear
                        achieving certain performance hurdles. Further details of performance rights and options granted during the financial year are set out
                        in this report.




               50            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               6. Executive service agreements
               Cochlear does not enter into (limited) service contracts for executive KMP. The terms of employment for executive KMP meet
               local employment law requirements. Key provisions are similar but do, on occasion, vary to suit different needs.
               The following sets out details of the employment agreements relating to executive KMP.




For personal use only
               Length of contract              Permanent contract until notice is given by either party.
               Notice periods                  CEO&P: 12 months’ written notice by either party.
                                               Other executive KMP: between 60 days to six months’ written notice by either party (exact period
                                               specified in each contract).
               Post‐employment                 All executive KMP are subject to post‐employment restraints for up to 12 months.
               restraints
               Other arrangements              Richard Brook will receive a maximum of CHF 30,000 for repatriation costs in the case of
                                               termination or resignation.


               7. Remuneration governance
               7.1 Governance framework for remuneration at Cochlear
               The Board is responsible for all areas of Cochlear’s strategy and policy related to its people. Consistent with this responsibility,
               the Board has established the P&CC which comprises solely of independent NEDs.

                    Management                                 People & Culture Committee                           Board

                        • Makes recommendations to the            • The P&CC is empowered to source any internal      • Reviews, applies judgment
                          P&CC with respect to individual           resources and obtain external independent           and, as appropriate,
                          remuneration arrangements for             professional advice it considers necessary to       approves recommendations
                          executive KMP                             enable it to review management proposals and        from the P&CC
                        • Implement policies and                    make decisions on behalf of the Board on:
                          practices relating to talent               − Remuneration policy, composition,
                          management, remuneration,                    quantum and performance targets for
                          organisational culture, diversity            executive KMP
                          and inclusion, work, health and            − Remuneration policy in respect of NEDs
                          safety and leadership                      − Organisational culture, diversity and
                          development                                  inclusion, talent management and
                                                                       leadership development strategies and
                                                                       practices
                                                                     − Work, health and safety metrics and
                                                                       initiatives
                                                                     − Design features of employee and executive
                                                                       short‐term and long‐term incentive plan
                                                                       awards


               7.2 Advice from external advisors
               To inform decisions, the P&CC sought advice and, at times, recommendations from the CEO&P and other management
               throughout the year.
               During FY20, the P&CC engaged Godfrey Remuneration Group (GRG) and received market practice advice and information in
               relation to the remuneration of NEDs, executives and senior leaders. GRG was paid $57,100 (excluding GST) for these services.
               The P&CC is satisfied that the advice received from GRG is free from undue influence of the KMP to whom the remuneration
               recommendations relate as GRG confirmed in writing that the remuneration recommendations were made free from undue
               influence by management, in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001.




               51
               7.3 Share ownership requirements
               Executive KMP are required to retain vested equity until they hold and maintain a holding of Cochlear shares equivalent to
               their annual salary in the previous year. The Board considers the minimum shareholding guidelines to be best practice to
               strengthen the alignment of executives’ interests to those of shareholders. The table in section 8.2 details the current holdings
               of executive KMP.

               7.4 Clawback Policy and discretion




For personal use only
               All participants of the deferred STI and LTI plans are subject to the Clawback Policy, available in the ‘Investor Centre’ section of
               the Company’s website. The policy enables the Board to claw back remuneration outcomes in the event of a material non‐
               compliance with any financial reporting requirement, misconduct, or following inappropriate behaviour post‐employment in
               cases where the Board has exercised its discretion to allow retention of equity following termination of employment. The policy
               is designed to further align the interests of participants with the long‐term interests of Cochlear and shareholders, and to
               ensure that excessive risk taking is not rewarded.
               The Board retains discretion to adjust remuneration outcomes upwards or downwards to ensure incentives are not provided
               where it would be inappropriate or would provide unintended outcomes. The exercise of appropriate discretion may be used
               where a formulaic outcome does not align with the overall shareholder experience, or reflect overall business performance
               and intended outcomes, or leads to retention risk for key talent. The Board balances judgment on remuneration outcomes
               with consideration to all stakeholders.


               8. Executive KMP equity disclosures
               Executive KMP participate in the deferred STI and LTI plan which offers equity under the Cochlear Executive Incentive Plan
               (CEIP). The purpose of the CEIP is to encourage executives to hold Cochlear shares and to align their interests to shareholders’
               interests.
               Under the LTI plan, vesting of options or performance rights only occurs if Cochlear achieves challenging and market
               competitive hurdles related to EPS growth and relative TSR. Under the deferred STI plan, grants are based on performance in
               the first year, and are then deferred for a further two years.

               8.1 Equity granted as remuneration
               The table below presents the number of options and performance rights granted to executive KMP as well as the number of
               instruments that vested or were forfeited during the year.
               No options or rights vest if the conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value is nil. The maximum value of the grants
               has been determined as the fair value of awards at grant date that is yet to be expensed.

                Executive KMP      Plan                Grant date         Options               Performance rights            Vesting   Vested Forfeited
                                                                    Number       Maximum      Number    Maximum value           date
                                                                                value to be              to be expensed
                                                                             expensed ($)1                           ($)1
                Dig Howitt         FY17 LTI             19‐Oct‐16    10,375               ‐     1,537                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19    79.3%    20.7%
                                   FY17 deferred STI    24‐Aug‐17          ‐              ‐       949                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19   100.0%     0.0%
                                   FY18 LTI             18‐Oct‐17    46,842               ‐     3,372                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                   FY18 deferred STI    24‐Aug‐18          ‐              ‐     1,692                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                   FY19 LTI             17‐Oct‐18    35,907        194,795      1,685             32,719    18‐Aug‐21
                                   FY19 deferred STI    17‐Sep‐19          ‐              ‐     2,634           184,161     18‐Aug‐21
                                   FY20 LTI             23‐Oct‐19    24,041        322,228      4,432           221,054     16‐Aug‐23
                                   Total                            117,165        517,023     16,301           437,934
                Anthony Bishop     FY17 LTI             19‐Oct‐16     2,171               ‐       751                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19    79.3%    20.7%
                                   FY17 deferred STI    24‐Aug‐17          ‐              ‐       596                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19   100.0%     0.0%
                                   FY18 LTI             18‐Oct‐17     1,778               ‐       697                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                   FY18 deferred STI    24‐Aug‐18          ‐              ‐       440                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                   FY19 LTI             17‐Oct‐18     1,598          8,669        700             13,592    18‐Aug‐21
                                   FY19 deferred STI    17‐Sep‐19          ‐              ‐       582             40,692    18‐Aug‐21
                                   FY20 LTI             23‐Oct‐19     2,014         21,121        332             14,439    17‐Aug‐22
                                   FY20 LTI             23‐Oct‐19     2,745         36,792        506             25,238    16‐Aug‐23
                                   Total                             10,306         66,582      4,604             93,961




               52            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
                Executive KMP       Plan                Grant date           Options                Performance rights             Vesting   Vested Forfeited
                                                                       Number       Maximum       Number    Maximum value            date
                                                                                   value to be               to be expensed
                                                                                expensed ($)1                            ($)1
                Richard Brook       FY17 LTI              19‐Oct‐16      5,622               ‐      1,944                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19     79.3%    20.7%
                                    FY17 deferred STI     24‐Aug‐17           ‐              ‐        944                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19    100.0%     0.0%
                                    FY18 LTI              18‐Oct‐17      6,965               ‐      1,170                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                    FY18 deferred STI     24‐Aug‐18           ‐              ‐        665                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                    FY19 LTI              17‐Oct‐18      4,565         24,765         857             16,641    18‐Aug‐21
                                    FY19 deferred STI     17‐Sep‐19           ‐              ‐        858             59,989    18‐Aug‐21




For personal use only
                                    FY20 LTI              23‐Oct‐19      2,679         28,096         442             19,223    17‐Aug‐22
                                    FY20 LTI              23‐Oct‐19      3,652         48,949         673             33,567    16‐Aug‐23
                                    Total                               23,483        101,810       7,553           129,420
                Brent Cubis         FY17 deferred STI     24‐Aug‐17           ‐              ‐        243                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19    100.0%     0.0%
                                    FY18 LTI              18‐Oct‐17      3,622               ‐      1,420                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                    FY18 deferred STI     24‐Aug‐18           ‐              ‐        547                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                    FY19 LTI              17‐Oct‐18      4,050         21,971         760             14,757    18‐Aug‐21
                                    FY19 deferred STI     17‐Sep‐19           ‐              ‐        679             47,473    18‐Aug‐21
                                    FY20 LTI              23‐Oct‐19      2,287         23,985         377             16,396    17‐Aug‐22
                                    FY20 LTI              23‐Oct‐19      3,117         41,778         574             28,629    16‐Aug‐23
                                    Total                               13,076         87,734       4,600           107,255
                Jan Janssen         FY17 LTI              19‐Oct‐16      7,900               ‐      1,171                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19     79.3%    20.7%
                                    FY17 deferred STI     24‐Aug‐17           ‐              ‐        867                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19    100.0%     0.0%
                                    FY18 LTI              18‐Oct‐17      7,060               ‐      1,186                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                    FY18 deferred STI     24‐Aug‐18           ‐              ‐        667                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                    FY19 LTI              17‐Oct‐18      5,223         28,335         981             19,049    18‐Aug‐21
                                    FY19 deferred STI     17‐Sep‐19           ‐              ‐      1,007             70,406    18‐Aug‐21
                                    FY20 LTI              23‐Oct‐19      3,237         33,947         534             23,225    17‐Aug‐22
                                    FY20 LTI              23‐Oct‐19      4,413         59,149         813             40,550    16‐Aug‐23
                                    Total                               27,833        121,431       7,226           153,230
                Tony Manna          FY17 LTI              19‐Oct‐16      9,414               ‐        598                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19     79.3%    20.7%
                                    FY17 deferred STI     24‐Aug‐17           ‐              ‐        995                   ‐   19‐Aug‐19    100.0%     0.0%
                                    FY18 LTI              18‐Oct‐17     10,385               ‐        436                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                    FY18 deferred STI     24‐Aug‐18           ‐              ‐        645                   ‐   19‐Aug‐20
                                    FY19 LTI              17‐Oct‐18      7,530         40,850         353              6,854    18‐Aug‐21
                                    FY19 deferred STI     17‐Sep‐19           ‐              ‐        841             58,800    18‐Aug‐21
                                    FY20 LTI              23‐Oct‐19      3,055         32,039         504             21,920    17‐Aug‐22
                                    FY20 LTI              23‐Oct‐19      4,165         55,825         767             38,256    16‐Aug‐23
                                    Total                               34,549        128,714       5,139           125,830
               1.       The options granted in FY20 have an exercise price of $217.28, and an expiry date of 17 March 2023 (awards vesting after 3 years) and
                        16 March 2024 (awards vesting after 4 years). Fair values (IFRS‐2) of FY20 options and performance rights under the LTI plan as at the
                        date of grant are as follows:
                          options: 3 year (EPS growth: $34.13; relative TSR: $31.46) and 4 year (EPS growth: $37.56; relative TSR: $35.74); and
                          performance rights: 3 year (EPS growth: $206.70; relative TSR: $130.48) and 4 year (EPS growth: $203.72; relative TSR: $133.01).
                         This valuation is for accounting purposes only and forms the basis of the expense in future years. Further detail on the allocation
                         methodology is provided in section 3.4.



               8.2 Executive KMP equity holdings and minimum shareholding
               This section details the movement in equity holdings during the financial year.

               Shares held during the year
               During the year, the FY17 deferred STI plan and FY17 LTI plan vested in August 2019, and executives’ options/rights converted
               into shares under these plans.

                                                                    Balance        Received on exercise of       Purchases and sales                Balance
                                                                 1 July 2019               options/rights1                                     30 June 2020
               Executive KMP
               Dig Howitt                                             40,094                        10,394                      (8,013)               42,475
               Anthony Bishop                                           752                          2,912                      (1,165)                2,499
               Richard Brook                                           6,816                         6,943                      (8,759)                5,000
               Brent Cubis                                                 ‐                           243                         100                  343
               Jan Janssen                                             6,786                         8,059                      (8,059)                6,786
               Tony Manna                                              2,182                         8,934                      (6,988)                4,128
               1.       For options exercised, the amount paid per option was the exercise price of $135.84.




               53
               Rights held during the year
               Rights are acquired by executive KMP under the deferred STI and LTI plan. During the year:
                       granted: FY19 STI deferred awards were granted in September 2019 (based on the FY19 performance year) and FY20 LTI
                        awards were granted in October 2019; and
                       vested: 100% of the FY17 deferred STI award and 79.3% of the FY17 LTI award vested in August 2019.




For personal use only
                                              Balance           Deferred STI service rights               LTI performance rights                         Balance
                                           1 July 2019          Granted      Vested Forfeited         Granted      Vested    Forfeited              30 June 2020
               Executive KMP
               Dig Howitt                        9,235              2,634         (949)           ‐      4,432         (1,218)         (319)              13,815
               Anthony Bishop                    3,184               582          (596)           ‐        838          (595)          (156)               3,257
               Richard Brook                     5,580               858          (944)           ‐      1,115         (1,541)         (403)               4,665
               Brent Cubis                       2,970               679          (243)           ‐        951               ‐               ‐             4,357
               Jan Janssen                       4,872              1,007         (867)           ‐      1,347          (928)          (243)               5,188
               Tony Manna                        3,027               841          (995)           ‐      1,271          (474)          (124)               3,546



               Options held during the year
               Options over ordinary shares are acquired by executive KMP under the LTI plan. During the year, FY20 LTI awards were granted
               in October 2019 and 79.3% of the FY17 LTI award vested in August 2019.
               All options held at the end of the year are unvested.

                                                        Balance                                LTI options                                               Balance
                                                     1 July 2019                  Granted    Vested and exercised1               Forfeited          30 June 2020
               Executive KMP
               Dig Howitt                                  93,124                  24,041                    (8,227)               (2,148)               106,790
               Anthony Bishop                               5,547                   4,759                    (1,721)                (450)                  8,135
               Richard Brook                               17,152                   6,331                    (4,458)               (1,164)                17,861
               Brent Cubis                                  7,672                   5,404                          ‐                     ‐                13,076
               Jan Janssen                                 20,183                   7,650                    (6,264)               (1,636)                19,933
               Tony Manna                                  27,329                   7,220                    (7,465)               (1,949)                25,135
               1.       The value of exercised options at the date of vesting is $81.95 (closing share price at the vesting date 19 August 2019 of $217.79 less
                        the exercise price of $135.84).



               Executive minimum shareholding
               As at 30 June 2020, the Board is satisfied that the executive KMP are compliant with the Share Ownership Policy. The table
               below presents a summary of executive KMP holdings and compliance with minimum shareholding requirements.

                                                         Ordinary shares held        Policy value of Cochlear shares at year                     % of base salary2
                                                                                                                    end ($)1
               Executive KMP
               Dig Howitt                                              42,475                                     8,923,148                                 518%
               Anthony Bishop                                           2,499                                      524,990                                   97%
               Richard Brook                                            5,000                                     1,050,400                                 137%
               Brent Cubis                                                  343                                        72,057                                12%
               Jan Janssen                                              6,786                                     1,425,603                                 172%
               Tony Manna                                               4,128                                      867,210                                  106%
               1.       In line with the Share Ownership Policy, the value has been calculated as the average daily share price over the previous 12 months
                        ($210.08), as at closing on the ASX up to 30 June 2020, times the number of shares.
               2.       The % of base salary is calculated as the value of shares divided by the actual base salary for the preceding 12 months to 30 June 2020.




               54            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               8.3 Potential dilution if options vest and ordinary shares issued
               (unaudited)
               The Board encourages employee ownership of Cochlear shares. To restrict dilution of shareholders’ interests, the total
               employee interests in unvested equity cannot exceed 5% of share capital.
               At the date of this report, the number of ordinary shares that would be issued if all options were vested, having met the service




For personal use only
               and performance conditions, and exercised and assuming ordinary shares were issued, is as follows.

                                      Grant date             Number of options                   Exercise      Exercise period         Current net value of
                                                        Issued  Forfeited/     At report        price per                         outstanding options as at
                                                                   lapsed1          date        share ($)                                 30 June 2020 ($)2
                FY18 LTI             18‐Oct‐17         106,713          2,337      104,376        154.73     Aug‐20 to Mar‐21                    3,569,659
                FY19 LTI             17‐Oct‐18          80,231          4,486       75,745        202.84     Aug‐21 to Mar‐22                             ‐
                FY20 LTI             23‐Oct‐19          24,231              ‐       24,231        217.28     Aug‐22 to Mar‐23                             ‐
                FY20 LTI             23‐Oct‐19          57,074              ‐       57,074        217.28     Aug‐23 to Mar‐24                             ‐
                Total                                  268,249          6,823      261,426                                                       3,569,659
               1.       Forfeited/lapsed options from unvested grants relate to plan participants who have departed Cochlear.
               2.       Closing share price as at 30 June 2020 was $188.93.


               Total unvested equity currently accounts for approximately 0.55% of the total number of issued shares, as set out below.

               Instrument                                                                                    Number of equivalent shares at 30 June 2020
               Unvested LTI options                                                                                                               261,426
               Unvested LTI rights                                                                                                                  35,625
               Unvested deferred STI rights                                                                                                         59,372
               Service rights under the APAC Employee Equity Plan1                                                                                   3,896
               Total                                                                                                                              360,319
               as % of total issued shares                                                                                                          0.55%
               Number of issued shares                                                                                                         65,687,402
               1.       Refer to Note 4.3 to the financial statements for further information on the APAC Employee Equity Plan.



               8.4 Transactions and loans with KMP
               No transactions or loans involving directors or executive KMP, their close family members or entities they control or have
               significant influence over, were made during the year.




               55
               9. Non‐executive director fees
               NEDs are paid from an aggregate annual fee pool for FY20 of $3,000,000 (approved at the 2017 Annual General Meeting). Total
               remuneration paid during the year was $2,325,215 which is within the fee pool limit (represented 77.5% of fee pool). NEDs do
               not receive any performance‐related remuneration, options or performance rights. NEDs receive reimbursement for costs
               directly related to Cochlear business.




For personal use only
               9.1 Fee policy and changes during the year
               Board fees must recognise the effort required to fulfil the responsibilities of a director. Reflecting the increasing governance
               requirements and the work of the Board, the Board considered it appropriate to increase annual base fees by 2.5%, effective
               1 July 2019. Committee fees remain unchanged. This decision was made with reference to external remuneration
               benchmarking of companies of a similar market capitalisation to that of Cochlear.
               In response to the significant impact of COVID‐19 on financial performance, the Board implemented a 30% reduction in Board
               and committee fees for a period of three months from mid‐April 2020. There will be no fee increases for the Board for FY21.
               The table below outlines the policy base and committee fees for FY19 and FY20.

               Amounts $1                                                 FY19                                             FY20
                                                                        Chair                 Member                     Chair               Member
               Cochlear Board                                         505,900                  165,779                518,547                 169,923
               Committees2
               Audit & Risk                                            50,000                   25,000                 50,000                  25,000
               People & Culture                                        40,000                   20,000                 40,000                  20,000
               Technology & Innovation                                 40,000                   20,000                 40,000                  20,000
               Medical Science                                         30,000                   15,000                 30,000                  15,000
               Nomination                                              No fee                   No fee                  No fee                 No fee
               1.       Superannuation contributions have been made in accordance with Australian superannuation legislation at a rate of 9.5% up to the
                        Australian Government’s prescribed maximum contributions limit. Fees are presented exclusive of superannuation.
               2.       Committee fees are not paid to the Chairman of the Board.



               9.2 NED statutory remuneration
               The table below presents the total remuneration for NEDs.

              Amounts $                                        Year             Short‐term benefits   Post‐employment benefits                 Total
                                                                                              Fees            Superannuation1
              Rick Holliday‐Smith                              FY20                        488,387                      21,003              509,390
                                                               FY19                        505,617                      20,531              526,148
              Yasmin Allen                                     FY20                        244,848                      21,003              265,851
                                                               FY19                        255,686                      20,531              276,217
              Glen Boreham                                     FY20                        240,136                      21,003              261,139
                                                               FY19                        250,686                      20,531              271,217
                                   2
              Michael Daniell                                  FY20                         85,122                       9,210                94,332
                                                               FY19                               ‐                           ‐                    ‐
                               3
              Alison Deans                                     FY20                        249,022                      10,501              259,523
                                                               FY19                        230,686                      20,384              251,070
              Andrew Denver                                    FY20                        218,194                      20,492              238,686
                                                               FY19                        245,686                      20,531              266,217
              Abbas Hussain4                                   FY20                        193,021                      19,280              212,301
                                                               FY19                        111,973                      10,635              122,608
              Donal O'Dwyer                                    FY20                        216,578                      20,492              237,070




               56            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
              Amounts $                                           Year             Short‐term benefits    Post‐employment benefits                     Total
                                                                                                 Fees                Superannuation1
                                                                  FY19                        225,686                          20,165                245,851
              Bruce Robinson                                      FY20                        226,002                          20,921                246,923
                                                                  FY19                        235,686                          20,531                256,217
              Total                                               FY20                      2,161,310                        163,905               2,325,215




For personal use only
                                                                  FY19                      2,061,706                        153,839               2,215,545
               The total fees for FY19 of $2,215,545 in this table is less than the total for FY19 in the 2019 Remuneration report of $2,745,148 as it does not
               include $529,603 for the former NED, Edward Byrne who retired as a NED on 16 October 2018.
               1. During the temporary fee reduction period from mid‐April 2020, superannuation was maintained on full fees, and continued to be
                    capped at the maximum superannuation contribution limit.
               2. Michael Daniell was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2020.
               3. Effective 1 January 2020, Alison Deans has opted out of receiving superannuation guarantee payments in accordance with the
                    Superannuation Guarantee (Administration) Act 1992. An equivalent amount of $10,501 was made over the period from 1 January 2020
                    to 30 June 2020 as fees.
               4. Abbas Hussain was appointed to the Board on 1 December 2018.



               9.3 Minimum shareholding requirement for NEDs
               NEDs are requested to hold shares equivalent to the fees (including both Board and committee fees) received in the previous
               12 months. The share ownership requirement must be satisfied within three years of appointment to the Board.
               As at 30 June 2020, all NEDs are compliant with the Share Ownership Policy which allows three years to build their
               shareholdings. The table below presents Cochlear Limited shareholdings for each NED. All NEDs increased their shareholding
               through the Share Purchase Plan in April 2020.

                                                       Balance        Purchases              Sales         Balance       Policy value of             % of fees
                                                    1 July 2019                                       30 June 2020          shares as at
                                                                                                                       30 June 2020 ($)1
               Rick Holliday‐Smith                      10,000               214                 ‐          10,214             2,145,757                439%
               Yasmin Allen                              3,500               214                 ‐           3,714              780,237                 319%
               Glen Boreham                              2,800               214                 ‐           3,014              633,181                 264%
               Michael Daniell2                               ‐            1,214                 ‐           1,214              255,037                 300%
               Alison Deans                              3,000               214                 ‐           3,214              675,197                 271%
               Andrew Denver                             4,000               214                 ‐           4,214              885,277                 406%
               Abbas Hussain3                                 ‐              226                 ‐             226                47,478                  25%
               Donal O’Dwyer                             6,000               214                 ‐           6,214             1,305,437                603%
               Bruce Robinson4                           1,652               214             (933)             933              196,005                   87%
               1.       In line with the Share Ownership Policy, available in the ‘Investor Centre’ section of the Company’s website, the value of Cochlear
                        Limited ordinary shares is calculated using the average daily share price over the previous 12 months ($210.08), as at closing on the ASX
                        up to 30 June 2020, times the number of shares.
               2.       Michael Daniell was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2020. The % of fees has been calculated based on his actual total fees for the
                        six‐month period post appointment from 1 January 2020 to 30 June 2020.
               3.       Abbas Hussain was appointed to the Board on 1 December 2018, and in accordance with the policy has until 1 December 2021 to build
                        his shareholding.
               4.       Bruce Robinson did an off‐market transfer required by a Court Order in a family law settlement.




               57
               Directors’ report
               The directors present their report, together with the Consolidated Financial report of the Consolidated Entity (Cochlear), being
               Cochlear Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities, for the year ended 30 June 2020, and the Auditor’s report thereon.

               Directors




For personal use only
               The directors of the Company at any time during or since the end of the financial year were Mr R Holliday‐Smith (Chairman),
               Mrs YA Allen, Mr G Boreham, AM, Mr M Daniell, Ms A Deans, Mr A Denver, Mr D Howitt, Mr A Hussain, Mr DP O’Dwyer and
               Prof B Robinson, AC.
               Information on the current directors is presented in the Annual Report. This information includes the qualifications, experience
               and special responsibilities of each director. It also gives details of the directors’ other directorships.

               Company Secretary
               The Company Secretarial function is responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with its statutory duties and maintains
               proper documentation, registers and records. It also provides advice to directors and officers about corporate governance and
               gives practical effect to any decisions made by the Board.
               Mr R Jarman was the Company Secretary during and since the end of the financial year. He has qualifications in law and science
               from The University of New South Wales and is an admitted solicitor in New South Wales. Mr Jarman joined Cochlear in 2008
               as the inaugural Group General Counsel. He has over 35 years’ experience in corporate and commercial law, litigation and
               dispute resolution, legal compliance and corporate governance across medical device, steel, mining and consumer goods
               industries.

               Directors’ meetings
               The number of directors’ meetings (including meetings of committees of directors) and number of meetings attended by each
               of the directors of the Company during the financial year are:

                                                    Board of          Audit & Risk        People &         Medical Science       Nomination       Technology &
                                                    directors         Committee            Culture          Committee            Committee         Innovation
                                                                                         Committee                                                 Committee
                                                Held     Attended Held Attended Held Attended Held                 Attended      Held Attended    Held Attended
               Mr R Holliday‐Smith                21             21      5           5      4          4       ‐             ‐     4          4      ‐           ‐
               Mrs YA Allen                       21             20      5           5      4          4       ‐             ‐     4          3     3            2
               Mr G Boreham, AM                   21             21      5           5      4          4       ‐             ‐     4          4     3            3
                                 1
               Mr M Daniell                       15             14      ‐           ‐      ‐          ‐       ‐             ‐     1          1     1            1
               Ms A Deans2                        21             21      5           5      4          4       ‐             ‐     4          4     3            3
               Mr A Denver3                       21             21      5           5      ‐          ‐       2           2       4          4     3            3
               Mr D Howitt                        21             21      ‐           ‐      ‐          ‐       2           2        ‐         ‐     3            3
               Mr A Hussain                       21             19      ‐           ‐      ‐          ‐       2             ‐     4          2     3            2
               Mr DP O’Dwyer                      21             21      5           5      ‐          ‐       2           2       4          4     3            3
               Prof B Robinson, AC                21             20      ‐           ‐      4          4       2           2       4          4     3            3
               1.       Mr Daniell was appointed on 1 January 2020.
               2.       Ms Deans was appointed as Chair of the Technology & Innovation Committee effective 23 July 2019.
               3.       Mr Denver ceased as Chair of the Technology & Innovation Committee from 23 July 2019.




               58             Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Principal activities
               Information on the principal activities, operations and financial position of Cochlear Limited and its business strategies and
               prospects is set out in the Operating and financial review on pages 15 to 32 of this Annual Report.

               Dividends
               Dividends declared and paid by the Company to members since the end of the previous financial year are:




For personal use only
                                                                    Dollars per share    Total amount             Franked/      Date of payment
                                                                                                  $m             unfranked

               Interim 2020 ordinary                                            1.60              92.5       100% Franked           17 April 2020
               Final 2019 ordinary                                              1.75             101.2       100% Franked        14 October 2019
               Total amount                                                     3.35             193.7

               No final dividend has been declared after 30 June 2020. Franked dividends declared and paid during the financial year were
               franked at the tax rate of 30% (2019: 30%).

               Environmental regulations
               Cochlear’s operations are subject to environmental regulations under the Commonwealth of Australia and State/Territory
               legislation. The Board believes that Cochlear has adequate systems in place to manage its environmental obligations and is not
               aware of any breach of those environmental requirements as they apply to Cochlear.

               Non‐audit services
               During the year, KPMG, the Company’s auditor, performed certain other services in addition to its statutory duties. The Board
               has considered the non‐audit services provided during the year by the auditor and in accordance with written advice provided
               by resolution of the Audit & Risk Committee, is satisfied that the provision of those non‐audit services during the year by the
               auditor is compatible with, and did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for
               the following reasons:
                       all non‐audit services were subject to the corporate governance procedures adopted by the Company and have been
                        reviewed by the Audit & Risk Committee to ensure that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity of the auditor; and
                       the non‐audit services provided do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in
                        APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work,
                        acting in a management or decision‐making capacity for the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly
                        sharing risks and rewards.




               59
               Details of the amounts paid to the auditor of the Company, KPMG, and its related practices for audit and non‐audit services
               during the year are set out below:

                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                      2020                   2019
                                                                                                                          $                    $
               Audit services




For personal use only
               Audit and review of financial reports                                                              2,170,767            1,809,019

               Total audit services                                                                               2,170,767            1,809,019

               Non‐audit services

               Other assurance services                                                                              35,666              133,481

               Taxation compliance and advisory services                                                          1,547,505            1,764,533

               IT advisory                                                                                                ‐              643,260

               Other                                                                                                  9,185              357,650

               Total non‐audit services                                                                           1,592,356            2,898,924


               State of affairs
               There were no significant changes to the state of affairs of Cochlear during the financial year other than that referred to in the
               financial statements or notes thereto.

               Remuneration report
               Information on Cochlear’s remuneration framework and the outcomes for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 for the
               Cochlear Limited Board, the CEO & President and other key management personnel, and changes for the financial year ending
               30 June 2021, is included in the Remuneration report on pages 40 to 57 of this Annual Report.

               Indemnification of officers
               Under the terms of Article 35 of the Company’s Constitution, and to the extent permitted by law, the Company has indemnified
               the directors of the Company named in this Directors’ report, the Company Secretary, Mr R Jarman, and other persons
               concerned in or taking part in the management of the Consolidated Entity. The indemnity applies when persons are acting in
               their capacity as officers of the Company in respect of:
                       liability to third parties (other than the Company or related bodies corporate), if the relevant officer has acted in good
                        faith; and
                       costs and expenses of successfully defending legal proceedings in which relief under the Corporations Act 2001 is granted
                        to the relevant officer.

               Insurance premiums
               During the financial year, the Company paid a premium for a Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance policy. The insurance
               provides cover for the directors named in this Directors’ report, the Company Secretary, and officers and former directors and
               officers of the Company. The insurance also provides cover for present and former directors and officers of other companies
               in the Consolidated Entity. The directors have not included in this report details of the nature of the liabilities covered and the
               amount of the premium paid in respect of the Directors’ and Officers’ Liability and Supplementary Legal Expenses Insurance
               policies, as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.




               60            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Events subsequent to the reporting date
               Other than the matter noted below, there has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of
               this Directors’ report, any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the directors of
               the Company, to affect significantly the operations of Cochlear, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of
               Cochlear in future financial years:
               Patent litigation expense




For personal use only
               Subsequent to year‐end, Cochlear agreed to a settlement with Alfred E. Mann Foundation for Scientific Research and Advanced
               Bionics LLC (collectively referred to as AMF and AB) for pre‐judgment interest and attorneys’ fees totalling USD 75 million in
               the long‐running patent dispute. At 30 June 2020, Cochlear has provided USD 75 million in relation to these claims which are
               also included in the patent litigation expense within the Income Statement. The settlement is conditional upon the outcome
               of an appeal by Cochlear to the US Supreme Court against the Judgment of USD 280 million in patent infringement damages
               and post judgment interest against the Defendants.
               Cochlear has agreed to file its appeal by no later than 15 September 2020. Cochlear has also agreed to deposit USD 75 million
               into escrow account pending the outcome of the appeal. If Cochlear’s Supreme Court appeal is unsuccessful, the monies in the
               escrow account will be paid to AMF and AB and the settlement will become final.
               If Cochlear’s Supreme Court appeal is successful, the monies in the escrow account will be returned to Cochlear and there may
               be a new trial to redetermine the quantum of damages.

               Lead auditor’s independence declaration
               The lead auditor’s independence declaration is set out on page 62 and forms part of the Directors’ report for the financial year
               ended 30 June 2020.

               Rounding off
               The Company is of a kind referred to in Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) (Rounding in
               Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191 dated 24 March 2016 and in accordance with that Instrument, amounts in
               the Directors’ report and Financial report have been rounded off to the nearest one hundred thousand dollars unless otherwise
               stated.
               Dated at Sydney this 18th day of August 2020.
               Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors:




               Director                                                                 Director




               61
               Auditor’s independence declaration

               Lead auditor’s independence declaration under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
               To: the directors of Cochlear Limited




For personal use only
               I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit for the year ended 30 June 2020 there have
               been:
               (i) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the
               audit; and
               (ii) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




               KPMG                                                                              Julian McPherson, Partner
               Sydney, 18 August 2020




               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
               (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




               62
               Income statement
                                                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                                      Note            $m             $m




For personal use only
               Revenue                                                                                  2.2        1,320.6        1,426.7
               Cost of sales                                                                            2.3        (344.4)        (351.1)
               Gross profit                                                                                          976.2        1,075.6
               Selling, marketing and general expenses                                                             (470.0)        (450.9)
               Research and development expenses                                                                   (185.1)        (184.4)
               Administration expenses                                                                               (93.8)         (94.8)
               Other income                                                                             2.4            78.1           29.0
               Other expenses                                                                           2.3          (62.7)          (4.4)
               Patent litigation expense                                                                2.3        (503.7)               ‐
               Share of losses on equity accounted investments                                          5.5           (1.2)              ‐
               Results from operating activities                                                                   (262.2)          370.1
               Finance income ‐ interest                                                                                1.6            0.7
               Finance expense ‐ interest                                                                            (10.5)          (5.2)
               Net finance expense                                                                                    (8.9)          (4.5)
               (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                     (271.1)          365.6
               Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                             3.1            32.8         (88.9)
               Net (loss)/profit                                                                                   (238.3)          276.7
               Basic (loss)/earnings per share (cents)                                                  2.5        (399.6)          479.6
               Diluted (loss)/earnings per share (cents)                                                2.5        (399.6)          479.5

               The Consolidated Entity has initially applied AASB 16 Leases at 1 July 2019. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative
               information is not restated. See Note 5.8.
               The notes on pages 68 to 105 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




               63
               Statement of comprehensive
               income




For personal use only
                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                                     $m              $m
               Net (loss)/profit                                                                                  (238.3)           276.7
               Other comprehensive income/(loss)
               Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement:
               Defined benefit plan actuarial gain/(losses)                                                           1.6            (0.2)
               Financial investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
               income, net of tax                                                                                   (1.8)            (1.3)
               Total items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement                       (0.2)            (1.5)
               Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement:
               Foreign currency translation differences                                                               3.9            12.6
               Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax                          (22.6)           (17.8)
               Net change in fair value of discontinued cash flow hedges transferred to income
               statement, net of tax                                                                                 18.3                ‐
               Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the income statement, net
               of tax                                                                                                22.2            13.6
               Total items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement                      21.8             8.4
               Total other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                          21.6             6.9
               Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                  (216.7)           283.6

               The Consolidated Entity has initially applied AASB 16 Leases at 1 July 2019. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative
               information is not restated. See Note 5.8.
               The notes on pages 68 to 105 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




               64       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Balance sheet
                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                     Note            $m              $m
               Assets




For personal use only
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            565.0            78.6
               Term deposits                                                                        6.3(b)          365.0               ‐
               Trade and other receivables                                                          6.4(b)          235.5           319.7
               Forward exchange contracts                                                                             1.2             2.2
               Inventories                                                                             5.1          223.8           195.4
               Current tax assets                                                                      3.2           69.4            12.2
               Prepayments                                                                                           17.6            26.9
               Total current assets                                                                               1,477.5           635.0
               Other receivables                                                                                      5.0             3.3
               Forward exchange contracts                                                                             2.1             2.1
               Property, plant and equipment                                                           5.2          230.5           166.5
               Intangible assets                                                                       5.3          410.3           424.4
               Investments                                                                             5.4           25.9            47.8
               Equity accounted investments                                                            5.5           69.0               ‐
               Deferred tax assets                                                                     3.2          147.1           100.1
               Right of use asset                                                                      5.8          208.3               ‐
               Total non‐current assets                                                                           1,098.2           744.2
               Total assets                                                                                       2,575.7         1,379.2
               Liabilities
               Trade and other payables                                                                             159.3           160.8
               Forward exchange contracts                                                                             0.3            20.9
               Loans and borrowings                                                                 6.3(a)          393.1             3.3
               Current tax liabilities                                                                 3.2            7.2            34.8
               Employee benefit liabilities                                                            4.2           54.4            69.5
               Provisions                                                                              5.6          130.2            27.3
               Deferred revenue                                                                                      47.0            42.9
               Lease liability                                                                         5.8           26.0               ‐
               Total current liabilities                                                                            817.5           359.5
               Trade and other payables                                                                              13.6            42.4
               Forward exchange contracts                                                                             1.7             7.6
               Loans and borrowings                                                                 6.3(a)           79.9           178.3
               Employee benefit liabilities                                                            4.2           12.4            13.1
               Provisions                                                                              5.6           27.2            44.2
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                3.2           14.1             5.5
               Deferred revenue                                                                                       2.3             2.7
               Lease liability                                                                         5.8          205.5               ‐
               Total non‐current liabilities                                                                        356.7           293.8
               Total liabilities                                                                                  1,174.2           653.3
               Net assets                                                                                         1,401.5           725.9
               Equity
               Share capital                                                                                      1,272.4           182.3
               Reserves                                                                                              12.7           (15.3)
               Retained earnings                                                                                    116.4           558.9
               Total equity                                                                                       1,401.5           725.9
               The Consolidated Entity has initially applied AASB 16 Leases at 1 July 2019. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative
               information is not restated. See Note 5.8.
               The notes on pages 68 to 105 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




               65
               Statement of changes in equity
               $m                                                          Issued Translation Hedging        Fair   Share Retained     Total
                                                                           capital   reserve reserve       value    based earnings    equity
                                                                                                         reserve payment
                                                                                                                  reserve




For personal use only
               2019
               Balance at 1 July 2018                                       173.0     (59.8)    (12.8)      0.2      39.0    464.2     603.8
               Total comprehensive income/(loss)
               Net profit                                                        ‐         ‐         ‐         ‐        ‐    276.7     276.7
               Other comprehensive (loss)/income
               Defined benefit plan actuarial losses                             ‐         ‐         ‐         ‐        ‐     (0.2)     (0.2)
               Financial investments measured at fair value through
               other comprehensive income, net of tax                            ‐        ‐          ‐     (1.3)        ‐         ‐     (1.3)
               Foreign currency translation differences                          ‐     12.6          ‐         ‐        ‐         ‐     12.6
               Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow
               hedges, net of tax                                                ‐         ‐    (17.8)         ‐        ‐         ‐    (17.8)
               Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges transferred
               to the income statement, net of tax                               ‐        ‐      13.6          ‐        ‐         ‐     13.6
               Total other comprehensive income/(loss)                           ‐     12.6      (4.2)     (1.3)        ‐     (0.2)      6.9
               Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                 ‐     12.6      (4.2)     (1.3)        ‐    276.5     283.6
               Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
               Share options exercised                                        9.3          ‐        ‐          ‐    (1.8)         ‐        7.5
               Performance rights vested                                        ‐          ‐        ‐          ‐    (0.1)         ‐      (0.1)
               Share based payment transactions                                 ‐          ‐        ‐          ‐      8.5         ‐        8.5
               Deferred tax recognised in equity                                ‐          ‐        ‐          ‐      4.4         ‐        4.4
               Dividends to shareholders                                        ‐          ‐        ‐          ‐        ‐   (181.8)   (181.8)
               Balance at 30 June 2019                                      182.3     (47.2)   (17.0)      (1.1)    50.0      558.9     725.9
               2020
               Balance at 1 July 2019 (as reported)                         182.3     (47.2)   (17.0)      (1.1)    50.0     558.9     725.9
               Change on initial application of AASB 16, net of tax             ‐          ‐        ‐          ‐       ‐     (12.1)    (12.1)
               Balance at 1 July 2019 (restated)                            182.3     (47.2)   (17.0)      (1.1)    50.0     546.8     713.8
               Total comprehensive (loss)/income
               Net loss                                                          ‐         ‐         ‐         ‐        ‐   (238.3)   (238.3)
               Other comprehensive income/(loss)
               Defined benefit plan actuarial gains                              ‐         ‐         ‐         ‐        ‐      1.6        1.6
               Financial investments measured at fair value through
               other comprehensive income, net of tax                            ‐        ‐          ‐     (1.8)        ‐         ‐     (1.8)
               Foreign currency translation differences                          ‐      3.9          ‐         ‐        ‐         ‐       3.9
               Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow
               hedges, net of tax                                                ‐         ‐    (22.6)         ‐        ‐         ‐    (22.6)
               Net change in fair value of discontinued cash flow hedges
               transferred to the income statement, net of tax                   ‐         ‐     18.3          ‐        ‐         ‐      18.3
               Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges transferred
               to the income statement, net of tax                               ‐        ‐      22.2          ‐        ‐         ‐      22.2
               Total other comprehensive income/(loss)                           ‐      3.9      17.9      (1.8)        ‐       1.6      21.6
               Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                 ‐      3.9      17.9      (1.8)        ‐   (236.7)   (216.7)
               Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
               Share options exercised                                         7.4         ‐         ‐         ‐    (0.5)         ‐       6.9
               Performance rights vested                                         ‐         ‐         ‐         ‐    (0.6)         ‐     (0.6)
               Shares issued through institutional placement, net of
               related costs                                                856.2          ‐         ‐         ‐        ‐         ‐    856.2
               Shares issued through share purchase plan, net of related
               costs                                                         219.4         ‐        ‐          ‐       ‐          ‐     219.4
               Share based payment transactions                                  ‐         ‐        ‐          ‐     7.0          ‐       7.0
               Deferred tax recognised in equity                               7.1         ‐        ‐          ‐     2.1          ‐       9.2
               Dividends to shareholders                                         ‐         ‐        ‐          ‐       ‐    (193.7)   (193.7)
               Balance at 30 June 2020                                     1,272.4    (43.3)      0.9      (2.9)    58.0      116.4   1,401.5

               The Consolidated Entity has initially applied AASB 16 Leases at 1 July 2019. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative
               information is not restated. See Note 5.8. The notes on pages 68 to 105 are an integral part of these consolidated financial
               statements.



               66        Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Statement of cash flows
                                                                                                                  2020        2019
                                                                                                     Note          $m          $m




For personal use only
               Cash flows from operating activities
               Cash receipts from customers                                                                     1,403.7     1,448.5
               Cash paid to suppliers and employees                                                            (1,501.6)   (1,064.7)
               Grant and other income received                                                         2.4          5.5         7.4
               Government assistance in respect of COVID‐19 received                                   2.4         23.6            ‐
               Interest received                                                                                    1.6         0.7
               Interest paid                                                                                      (10.5)       (5.2)
               Income taxes paid                                                                       3.1        (80.1)      (90.7)
               Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                                  2.7(b)      (157.8)       296.0
               Cash flows from investing activities
               Acquisition of leasehold improvements and plant and equipment                           5.2        (92.9)      (59.9)
               Acquisition of IT system costs                                                          5.3        (18.5)      (26.7)
               Acquisition of other intangible assets                                                  5.3        (19.1)      (28.0)
               Acquisition of investments                                                                         (14.2)      (23.2)
               Acquisition of term deposits                                                                     (365.0)            ‐
               Net cash used in investing activities                                                            (509.7)     (137.8)
               Cash flows from financing activities
               Repayments of borrowings                                                                         (130.0)     (405.6)
               Proceeds from borrowings                                                                           420.9       439.1
               Payments of lease liability                                                                        (24.6)           ‐
               Net proceeds from exercise of share options and performance rights                                   6.3         7.4
               Net proceeds from shares issued through institutional placement                                    856.2            ‐
               Net proceeds from share purchase plan                                                              219.4            ‐
               Dividends paid                                                                          2.6      (193.7)     (181.8)
               Net cash provided by/(used in) in financing activities                                           1,154.5     (140.9)
               Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                          487.0        17.3
               Cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts at 1 July                                              78.6        61.5
               Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                                   (0.6)       (0.2)
               Cash and cash equivalents, net of overdrafts at 30 June                                            565.0        78.6

               The notes on pages 68 to 105 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




               67
               Notes to the financial
               statements




For personal use only
               1. Basis of preparation
               This section sets out the Company’s accounting policies that relate to the financial statements as a whole. Where an accounting
               policy is specific to one note, the policy is described in the note to which it relates.

               1.1 Reporting entity
               Cochlear Limited (the Company) is a company domiciled in Australia. The consolidated financial statements of the Company as
               at and for the year ended 30 June 2020 comprise the Company and its controlled entities (together referred to as Cochlear or
               the Consolidated Entity). Cochlear is a for‐profit entity and operates in the implantable hearing device industry.

               1.2 Basis of preparation
               (a) Statement of compliance
               The Financial report is a general purpose financial report which has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
               Standards (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act 2001. The consolidated
               financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and Interpretations adopted by the
               International Accounting Standards Board.
               The Board approved the consolidated financial statements on 18 August 2020.

               (b) Coronavirus (COVID‐19) impacts
               Cochlear continues to satisfy solvency and going concern assumptions despite the financial impacts of COVID‐19. During the
               year, Cochlear raised additional capital which netted proceeds of $1,075.6 million and strengthened Cochlear’s capital position
               together with additional debt facilities. After payment of the interim dividend, Cochlear suspended dividend payments until
               trading conditions improve.
               Cochlear has undertaken a number of actions to manage costs. During COVID‐19, the business implemented a short‐term
               reduction in pay for its Board, CEO & President (CEO&P) and Senior Executives and also implemented a hiring freeze and
               suspension of short‐term Incentives. The business has reduced non‐essential spending, including reducing marketing, travel
               and consultant expenditure and has reviewed and reduced capital expenditure, where possible.
               However, an adverse decision in the patent litigation dispute, resulted in Cochlear achieving a net loss for the full year.
               At 30 June 2020, Cochlear has $457.0 million in net cash (net of outstanding loan liabilities) and has access to a further $529.9
               million in unutilised bank loan facilities. Cochlear has obtained debt covenant waivers for the leverage and interest cover ratio
               covenants for the June 2020 and December 2020 testing periods. These financial resources provide Cochlear with ability to
               continue to meet its financial obligations despite the negative economic effects of COVID‐19.

               (c) Basis of measurement
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for derivative financial
               instruments and financial investments measured at fair value. The fair value measurement method of derivative instruments
               and financial investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is discussed further in Note 6.4(d).

               (d) Functional and presentation currency
               These consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars (AUD), which is the Company’s functional currency.




               68       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191
               dated 24 March 2016 and in accordance with that Instrument, all financial information presented in AUD has been rounded to
               the nearest one hundred thousand dollars unless otherwise stated.

               (e) Foreign currency
               Foreign currency transactions
               Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of entities at the foreign exchange rate




For personal use only
               ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date
               are translated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non‐monetary assets and liabilities
               denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at historical cost are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the
               transaction. Non‐monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated
               to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the date the fair value was determined.
               Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the income statement within other income and other
               expenses.
               Financial statements of foreign operations
               The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated to the Company’s functional currency at foreign exchange rates
               ruling at the reporting date. The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated to the Company’s functional
               currency at rates approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of transactions.
               Foreign currency differences arising from translation of controlled entities are recognised in the foreign currency translation
               reserve (translation reserve) in equity. When a foreign operation is disposed of, in part or in full, the relevant amount of its
               translation reserve is transferred to the income statement and reported as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
               Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation, the
               settlement of which is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of a net investment in
               a foreign operation and are recognised in other comprehensive income, and presented in the translation reserve.

               (f) Use of judgements and estimates
               The preparation of financial statements in conformity with AASB requires management to make judgements, estimates and
               assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
               expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
               Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in
               the financial year in which the estimate is revised and in any future years affected.
               Management discussed with the Audit & Risk Committee the development, selection and disclosure of Cochlear’s critical
               accounting policies and estimates and the application of these policies and estimates.
               Information about critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts
               recognised in the consolidated financial statements is included in the following notes:
               Note 4.2 – Employee benefit liabilities
               Note 4.3 – Share based payments
               Note 5.3 – Intangible assets
               Note 5.6 – Provisions
               Note 5.7 – Contingent liabilities
               Note 5.8 – Leases
               Note 6.4 – Financial risk management.
               (g) Basis of consolidation
               Controlled entities
               The Consolidated Entity controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with
               the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of controlled



               69
               entities are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control
               ceases.
               Transactions eliminated on consolidation
               Intra‐group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra‐group transactions, are
               eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
               Special purpose entities




For personal use only
               Cochlear has established special purpose entities (SPEs) for investment purposes. A SPE is consolidated if Cochlear concludes
               that it controls the SPE. SPEs controlled by Cochlear were established under terms that impose strict limitations on decision‐
               making powers of the SPE’s management.

               (h) Goods and services tax (GST)
               Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST. Where the amount of GST incurred is not recoverable
               from the taxation authority, the GST is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
               Receivables and payables are stated with the amount of GST included. The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to,
               the relevant taxation authority is included as a current asset or liability in the balance sheet.
               Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing
               and financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, the relevant taxation authority are classified as operating
               cash flows.

               (i) Comparability
               Comparative information is reclassified where appropriate to enhance comparability.


               2. Performance for the year
               2.1 Operating segments
               Cochlear’s three reportable segments, determined on a geographical basis, are the strategic business units of Cochlear.
               Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment, as well as those that can be allocated
               on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise corporate and other net expenses and corporate and manufacturing assets
               and liabilities.
               Performance is measured based on segment earnings before interest and income tax (EBIT) as included in the internal
               management reports that are reviewed by Cochlear’s CEO&P, who is also the chief operating decision‐maker.

               Information about reportable segments
                                                                    Americas             EMEA1           Asia Pacific            Total
                                                               2020        2019      2020    2019       2020      2019       2020        2019
                                                                    $m         $m      $m         $m      $m        $m         $m          $m
               Reportable segment revenue                      650.3      688.6      479.6   519.2      222.4     238.3   1,352.3    1,446.1
               Reportable segment EBIT                         335.0      374.6      191.7   238.9       59.0      79.2     585.7        692.7
               Reportable segment assets                       353.7      257.7      247.6   261.4      148.2     143.5     749.5        662.6
               Reportable segment liabilities                  148.7       93.7       67.6       57.8    37.6      43.1     253.9        194.6
               Other material items
               Depreciation and amortisation                       10.8        2.2     5.6        1.7     5.6       1.4       22.0         5.3
               Write‐down in value of inventories                   2.0        0.6     1.5        0.7     0.8       0.3        4.3         1.6
               Acquisition of non‐current assets                   29.7        5.4     1.9        2.4     1.4       3.2       33.0        11.0
               1.       Europe, Middle East and Africa.




               70            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Reconciliations of reportable segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities and other material items
               Revenues         Cochlear      Services                Total    Acoustics         Reportable             Foreign     Consolidated
                                implants        (sound             Cochlear       (bone            segment        exchange loss         revenue
                                             processor             implants  conduction            revenue           on hedged
                                             upgrades                       and acoustic                                  sales
                                            and other)                         implants)
                                    $m              $m                  $m           $m                 $m                 $m                $m




For personal use only
               2020               817.9           395.5             1,213.4       138.9             1,352.3              (31.7)          1,320.6
               2019               845.1           427.2             1,272.3       173.8             1,446.1              (19.4)          1,426.7

               Profit or loss                                     Reportable      Corporate           Foreign        Net finance Consolidated
                                                                segment EBIT      and other     exchange loss           expense (loss)/profit
                                                                               net expenses        on hedged                           before
                                                                                                        sales                      income tax
                                                                         $m            $m                 $m                 $m              $m
               2020                                                    585.7        (816.2)             (31.7)              (8.9)        (271.1)
               2019                                                    692.7        (303.2)             (19.4)              (4.5)          365.6

               Assets and liabilities         Reportable Corporate and          Consolidated      Reportable      Corporate and Consolidated
                                           segment assets manufacturing          total assets        segment      manufacturing         total
                                                                 assets                             liabilities        liabilities liabilities
                                                      $m            $m                   $m                $m                 $m          $m
               2020                                 749.5       1,826.2              2,575.7            253.9              920.3     1,174.2
               2019                                 662.6         716.6              1,379.2            194.6              458.7       653.3

               Other material items            Reportable segment total             Corporate and                      Consolidated total
                                                                                   manufacturing total
                                                     2020              2019          2020             2019                 2020             2019
                                                      $m                $m             $m              $m                   $m               $m
               Depreciation and
               amortisation                           22.0              5.3            55.5              33.2              77.5              38.5
               Write‐down in value of
               inventories                                4.3           1.6            15.4               5.0              19.7               6.6
               Acquisition of non‐current
               assets                                 33.0             11.0            97.0            162.5              130.0             173.5
               Impairment of intangible
               assets                                       ‐              ‐           16.7                  ‐             16.7                 ‐
               Patent litigation expense                    ‐              ‐          503.7                  ‐            503.7                 ‐
               Equity accounted losses                      ‐              ‐            1.2                  ‐              1.2                 ‐


               2.2 Revenue
               Revenue from the sale of cochlear and acoustic implants and associated sound processors and accessories to customers is
               based on the contracted sales price. Revenue is recognised at the point in time when control passes to the customer with the
               exact timing dependent on the agreed sales terms for each contract. Revenue from product sales is also deferred based on the
               historical rates of product returns.
               Revenue from the rendering of services, including ongoing customer support and software licensing are provided to customers
               over time. Where payments are received in advance, the agreed transaction price is initially deferred and progressively
               recognised over the life of the agreement as the service is provided. The value of unfulfilled performance obligations under
               these contracts is reflected in the Consolidated Entity’s deferred revenue balance.




               71
               Customers include implant recipients, medical practitioners and governments. Contracts are short‐term with the exemption of
               software licences which are recognised over multiple years. The accounting policy for foreign exchange gains/losses arising
               from hedges of forecast sales transactions is set out in Note 6.4(a).

                                                                                                                                2020                    2019
                                                                                                                                  $m                      $m
               Sale of goods before hedging                                                                                  1,320.3                 1,415.3




For personal use only
               Foreign exchange loss on hedged sales                                                                           (31.7)                  (19.4)
               Revenue from sale of goods                                                                                    1,288.6                 1,395.9
               Rendering of services                                                                                             32.0                    30.8
               Total revenue                                                                                                 1,320.6                 1,426.7


               2.3 Expenses
                                                                                                                                    2020                2019
                                                                                                                                     $m                  $m
               (a) Cost of sales
               Carrying amount of inventories recognised as an expense                                                              329.7              337.8
               Write‐down in value of inventories1                                                                                    8.2                6.6
               Other                                                                                                                  6.5                6.7
               Total cost of sales                                                                                                  344.4              351.1
               1.       Total inventory write‐down of $19.7 million comprises $8.2 million write‐down of inventories in cost of sales and $11.5 million write‐
                        down of inventories in other expenses.

               (b) (Loss)/profit before income tax has been arrived at after charging the following items:
               Operating lease rental expense                                                                                            ‐               29.4
               Patent litigation expense                                                                                            503.7                    ‐

               Due to the adoption of AASB 16 Leases, operating lease rental expenses are replaced by amortisation of the right of use assets
               and interest expense, refer to Note 5.8.
               Patent litigation expense
               In March 2020, the US Court of Appeals affirmed the US District Court’s decision against Cochlear Limited and its US subsidiary
               Cochlear Americas (the Defendants) in the long‐running patent dispute with Alfred E. Mann Foundation for Scientific Research
               and Advanced Bionics LLC (collectively referred to as AMF and AB). The affirmation resulted in the Defendants paying USD 268
               million in relation to patent infringement damages and a further USD 12 million in post judgment interest. At 30 June 2020,
               the Defendants have paid the damages and interest awarded against it which have been expensed in the Income Statement.
               The Defendants intend to lodge an appeal with the US Supreme Court against the Judgment.
               Subsequent to year‐end, the Defendants agreed to a settlement with AMF and AB of pre‐judgment interest and attorneys’ fees
               totalling USD 75 million. At 30 June 2020, Cochlear has provided USD 75 million in relation to this settlement which is included
               in the patent litigation expense within the Income Statement. The settlement is conditional upon the outcome of an appeal by
               the Defendants to the US Supreme Court against the Judgment of USD 280 million for patent infringement damages and post
               judgment interest.
               The Defendants have agreed to file their appeal by no later than 15 September 2020. The Defendants have also agreed to
               deposit USD 75 million into an escrow account pending the outcome of the appeal. If the Defendants’ Supreme Court appeal
               is unsuccessful, the monies in the escrow account will be paid to AMF and AB and the settlement will become final.
               If the Defendants’ Supreme Court appeal is successful, the monies in the escrow account will be returned to the Defendants
               and there may be a new trial to redetermine the quantum of damages.




               72            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Other expenses
                                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                              Note                $m                   $m
               Foreign exchange loss                                                                              6.8                   4.4
               Ineffective forward exchange contracts                                         6.4(a)             26.1                     ‐
                                         1
               Impairment expense                                                                                29.8                     ‐




For personal use only
               Total other expenses                                                                              62.7                   4.4
               1.       Impairment expense includes $11.5 million of inventory write‐downs.



               2.4 Other income
               Other income, including government grants, is recognised on a systematic basis over the years necessary to match it with the
               related costs for which it is intended to compensate. If the costs have already been incurred, the amount is recognised in the
               year the entitlement is confirmed. Foreign exchange gains/losses are recognised in accordance with the accounting policy at
               Note 1.2(e).
               Due to the impact of COVID‐19, Cochlear has received AUD 23.6 million in government assistance through the United States’
               Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (‘CARES Act’), Australia’s JobKeeper Program and other government
               assistance programs offered in Europe and Asia.
               Changes to the contingent consideration value recognised for the Sycle, LLC business acquisition were considered at 30 June
               2020. Based on FY20 revenue growth relative to the performance hurdle, $13.2 million (2019: $10.8 million) has been released
               to the income statement and $6.2 million remains as contingent consideration (2019: $19.4 million).


                                                                                                                    2020             2019
                                                                                                                      $m               $m
               Grant received or due and receivable                                                                   1.4              1.9
               Release of contingent consideration                                                                   13.2             10.8
               Government assistance in respect of COVID‐19                                                          23.6                ‐
               Fair value change in investments measured at fair value through profit or loss                        35.8             10.8
               Other income                                                                                           4.1              5.5
               Total other income                                                                                   78.1             29.0




               73
               2.5 Earnings per share
               Cochlear presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) for its ordinary shares.

               Basic earnings per share
               The calculation of basic EPS has been based on the following net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent entity and
               weighted average number of ordinary shares of the Company:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                  2020                 2019
               Net (loss)/profit attributable to equity holders of the parent entity                                   ($238,285,000)       $276,697,000
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic):
               Issued ordinary shares at 1 July (number)                                                                   57,715,821         57,547,820
               Effect of options, performance shares and performance rights exercised (number)                                  88,382            134,937
               Effect of shares issued under Employee Share Plan (number)                                                        5,629                 5,448
                                                                                         1
               Effect of shares issued under institutional placement (number)                                                1,562,842                     ‐
                                                                                     2
               Effect of shares issued under share purchase plan (number)                                                      261,928                     ‐
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic) at 30 June                                               59,634,602         57,688,205
               Basic (loss)/earnings per share (cents)                                                                          (399.6)                479.6
               1.       Institutional placement of 6,285,715 shares 31 March 2020, weighted as per days held for the purpose of the EPS calculation.
               2.       Share purchase plan of 1,571,567 shares 30 April 2020, weighted as per days held for the purpose of the EPS calculation.

               Diluted earnings per share
               The calculation of diluted EPS has been based on the following net (loss)/profit attributable to equity holders of the parent
               entity and weighted average number of shares outstanding after adjustments for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary
               shares:

                                                                                                                                 2020                  2019
               Net (loss)/profit attributable to equity holders of the parent entity                                  ($238,285,000)       $276,697,000
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted):
               Weighted average number of shares (basic) (number)                                                          59,634,602         57,688,205
               Effect of options, performance shares and performance rights unvested (number)                                         ‐            21,948
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) at 30 June                                             59,634,602         57,710,153
               Diluted (loss)/earnings per share (cents)                                                                       (399.6)                 479.5




               2.6 Dividends
               A liability for dividends payable is recognised in the financial year in which the dividends are declared.

                                                           Dollars per share       Total amount $m           Franked/unfranked            Date of payment
               Dividends recognised in the current financial year by the Company are:
               2020
               Interim 2020 ordinary                            1.60                92.5                            100% Franked             17 April 2020
               Final 2019 ordinary                              1.75               101.2                            100% Franked          14 October 2019
               Total amount                                     3.35               193.7
               2019
               Interim 2019 ordinary                            1.55                89.5                            100% Franked             16 April 2019
               Final 2018 ordinary                              1.60                92.3                            100% Franked          10 October 2018
               Total amount                                     3.15               181.8

               No final dividend has been declared after 30 June 2020.




               74            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Dividend franking account
               Franked dividends paid during the financial year were franked at the tax rate of 30% (2019: 30%). There are no further tax
               consequences as a result of paying dividends other than a reduction in the franking account.
               The dividend franking account at year end is normally adjusted for:
                       franking credits that will arise from the payment of the current tax liability;




For personal use only
                       franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the year end; and
                       franking credits that the Company may be prevented from distributing in subsequent financial years.
               At 30 June 2020, no franking credits will arise for the payment of a current tax liability and no final dividend has been declared
               after 30 June 2020.
               As a result of no franking credits arising at year end, there are $0 million of franking credits (2019: $39.2 million) available to
               shareholders of Cochlear Limited for subsequent financial years.
               The ability to utilise the franking account credits is dependent upon the ability to declare dividends. As no final 2020 dividend
               has been declared, there is no impact on the dividend franking account after the balance sheet date (2019: $43.3 million).

               2.7 Notes to the statement of cash flows
               (a) Cash and cash equivalents
               Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits with an original maturity of three months or less. Bank
               overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of Cochlear’s cash management are included as a
               component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.
               The operating cash account received an average interest rate of 1.09% (2019: 0.79%) per annum.

               (b) Reconciliation of net (loss)/profit to net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities
                                                                                                                          2020            2019
                                                                                                                           $m               $m
               Net (loss)/profit                                                                                        (238.3)           276.7
               Add item classified as investing activities:
               Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                            0.4             0.5
               Add/(less) non‐cash items:
               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                               77.5            38.5
               Impairment of intangible assets                                                                             16.7               ‐
               Release of contingent consideration                                                                       (13.2)          (10.8)
               Change in fair value measurement of investments through profit or loss                                    (35.8)          (10.8)
               Equity settled share based payment transactions                                                              7.0             8.5
               Share of losses on equity accounted investments                                                              1.2               ‐
               Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities before changes in assets and
                                                                                                                        (184.5)          302.6
               liabilities
               Changes in assets and liabilities:
               Change in trade and other receivables                                                                       82.5           (4.2)
               Change in inventories                                                                                     (28.4)          (28.0)
               Change in prepayments                                                                                        9.3           (1.6)
               Change in deferred tax assets/liabilities                                                                 (38.4)          (22.0)
               Change in trade and other payables                                                                        (30.3)            34.6
               Change in current tax assets/liabilities                                                                  (84.8)            10.1
               Change in employee benefit liabilities                                                                    (15.8)            13.3
               Change in provisions                                                                                        85.9           (7.4)
               Change in deferred revenue                                                                                   3.7            16.5
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange                                                                     43.0          (17.9)
               Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                                                      (157.8)          296.0




               75
               3. Income taxes
               The Company and its wholly owned Australian resident entities are part of a tax consolidated group. As a consequence, all
               members of the tax consolidated group are taxed as a single entity. The head entity within the tax consolidated group is
               Cochlear Limited.

               3.1 Income tax (benefit)/expense




For personal use only
               Income tax (benefit)/expense includes current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax is recognised in the income
               statement except to the extent that they relate to items recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity.
               Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and any adjustment to tax
               payable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

               Income tax (benefit)/expense recognised in the income statement
                                               Current year       Adjustment     Total current     Origination          Total Total income
                                                               for prior years    tax expense     and reversal   deferred tax tax (benefit)/
                                                                                                 of temporary         benefit       expense
                                                                                                   differences
                                                          $m              $m              $m              $m             $m             $m
               2020                                      6.0             (2.7)            3.3           (36.1)         (36.1)         (32.8)
               2019                                    105.0             (1.4)          103.6           (14.7)         (14.7)           88.9



               Consolidated Entity ‐ Numerical reconciliation between income tax (benefit)/expense and (loss)/profit before
               income tax
                                                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                                                         $m             $m
               (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                        (271.1)         365.6
               Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2019: 30%)                                                       (81.3)         109.7
               Add/(less) adjustments for:
               Patent litigation                                                                                         63.7              ‐
               Other net non‐assessable items                                                                            (3.3)         (3.4)
               Research and development allowances                                                                       (9.4)         (9.7)
               Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions                                                               0.2          (6.3)
                                                                                                                       (30.1)          90.3
               Adjustment for prior years                                                                                (2.7)         (1.4)
               Income tax (benefit)/expense on (loss)/profit before income tax                                         (32.8)          88.9




               76       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Tax expense/(benefit) for items relating to other comprehensive income/(loss) or equity
                                                                                                                2020     2019
                                                                                                      Note       $m       $m
               Total deferred tax recognised in other comprehensive income/(loss) relating to
               derivative financial instruments                                                         3.2       7.7     (1.8)
               Total deferred tax recognised directly in equity relating to share based payments        3.2     (2.1)     (4.4)




For personal use only
               Total deferred tax recognised directly in equity relating to capital raising             3.2     (7.1)         ‐



               Consolidated Entity ‐ Numerical reconciliation between income tax (benefit)/expense and cash taxes paid
                                                                                                                2020     2019
                                                                                                                 $m       $m
               Income tax (benefit)/expense on (loss)/profit before income tax                                 (32.8)     88.9
               Timing differences recognised in deferred tax                                                    33.2      12.5
               Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions                                                       0.6      0.3
               Current year tax instalments refundable/(payable) next year                                      53.1     (26.0)
               Prior year tax instalments paid this year                                                        26.0      15.0
               Cash taxes paid per statement of cash flows                                                      80.1      90.7



               Cochlear Limited’s Australian tax consolidated group ‐ Numerical reconciliation between income tax (benefit)/
               expense and (loss)/profit before income tax
                                                                                                                2020     2019
                                                                                                                 $m        $m
               (Loss)/profit before income tax (excluding dividends from wholly owned foreign subsidiaries)   (306.4)    300.5
               Add: Dividends from wholly owned foreign subsidiaries                                            116.0      6.9
               (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                (190.4)    307.4
               Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2019: 30%)                                               (57.1)     92.2
               Add/(less) adjustments for:
               Patent litigation                                                                                63.7          ‐
               Other net (non‐assessable)/non‐deductible items                                                  (1.7)      0.6
               Controlled foreign company income                                                                 1.6       0.7
               Research and development allowances                                                              (8.5)     (8.5)
               Exempt foreign sourced dividends from wholly owned subsidiaries                                 (34.8)     (2.1)
                                                                                                               (36.8)     82.9
               Adjustment for prior years                                                                       (0.3)     (1.6)
               Income tax (benefit)/expense on (loss)/profit before income tax                                 (37.1)     81.3




               77
               3.2 Current and deferred tax assets and liabilities
               Deferred tax is recognised on all temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
               reporting and taxation purposes.
               The measurement of deferred tax mirrors the tax consequences that the Consolidated Entity expects to recover or settle from
               the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.




For personal use only
               Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse.
               A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which
               they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced if it is no longer probable that
               the related tax benefit will be realised.

               Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
                                                                         Assets                  Liabilities                         Net
                                                                 2020             2019       2020              2019       2020             2019
                                                                   $m               $m         $m               $m             $m           $m
               Property, plant and equipment                       5.1              0.4      (6.3)             (2.2)      (1.2)            (1.8)
               Intangible assets                                   1.6              0.8      (3.0)             (6.5)      (1.4)            (5.7)
               Inventories                                        46.9             40.8          ‐                 ‐       46.9            40.8
               Provisions                                         59.7             33.0          ‐                 ‐       59.7            33.0
               Deferred revenue                                    4.0              5.3          ‐             (2.5)           4.0          2.8
               Forward exchange contracts                            ‐              7.4      (0.4)                 ‐      (0.4)             7.4
               Tax losses and offsets carried forward             26.8                ‐          ‐                 ‐       26.8                ‐
               Other                                              10.4             20.4     (11.8)             (2.3)      (1.4)            18.1
               Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                154.5             108.1     (21.5)          (13.5)       133.0             94.6
               Set off tax                                       (7.4)            (8.0)        7.4              8.0              ‐             ‐
               Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                147.1             100.1     (14.1)             (5.5)     133.0             94.6

               Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities
               At 30 June 2020, a deferred tax liability of $22.8 million (2019: $12.0 million) relating to investments in subsidiaries has not
               been recognised because the Company controls whether the asset will be recovered or the liability will be incurred and it is
               satisfied that it will not be incurred in the foreseeable future.

               Movement in temporary differences during the year
                                                                                                                       2020                2019
                                                                                                     Note                $m                 $m
               Carrying amount at beginning of financial year                                                           94.6               72.6
               Recognised in the income statement                                                     3.1               36.1               14.7
               Recognised in other comprehensive income/(loss)                                        3.1              (7.7)                1.8
               Recognised directly in equity                                                          3.1                9.2                4.4
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange                                                                   0.8                1.1
               Carrying amount at end of financial year                                                                133.0               94.6

               Current tax assets and liabilities
               The current tax assets for the Consolidated Entity of $69.4 million (2019: $12.2 million) represent the amount of income taxes
               recoverable in respect of current and prior years and arise from the payment of tax in excess of the amounts due to the relevant
               taxation authority. The current tax liabilities for the Consolidated Entity of $7.2 million (2019: $34.8 million) represent the
               amount of income taxes payable in respect of current and prior financial years.




               78       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               4. Employee benefits
               4.1 Employee expenses
                                                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                                                           $m                $m




For personal use only
               Wages and salaries                                                                                       415.6             378.1
               Contributions to superannuation plans                                                                     31.3               31.6
               Increase in leave liabilities                                                                               6.4               6.9
               Equity settled share based payment transactions                                                             7.0               8.5
               Total employee expenses                                                                                  460.3             425.1



               4.2 Employee benefit liabilities
               Wages, salaries and annual leave
               Liabilities for employee benefits for wages, salaries and annual leave are recognised in other payables and provisions if Cochlear
               has a present obligation to pay an amount as a result of past services provided by the employee. The liability is calculated on
               remuneration rates as at the reporting date including related on‐costs, such as workers’ compensation insurance and payroll
               tax.

               Long service leave
               The provision for long service leave is the present value of the estimated future cash outflows as a result of services provided
               by the employee up to the reporting date.
               The provision is calculated using expected future increases in remuneration rates, including related on‐costs, and expected
               settlement dates based on turnover history, and is discounted using the corporate bond rates which most closely match the
               terms to maturity of the related liabilities.

               Defined benefit plans
               The Consolidated Entity has defined benefit plans that cover, in aggregate, 84 employees in two countries (2019: 87
               employees). Cochlear contributed cash of $1.5 million (2019: $1.3 million) to defined benefit plans in the year ended 30 June
               2020 and expects to contribute $1.5 million in the year ending 30 June 2021.
               The defined benefit obligations are calculated annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method.
               Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability (excluding interest) are recognised immediately in other comprehensive
               income.
               The Company determines the net interest expense/(income) on the net defined benefit liability/(asset) for the period by
               applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the period to the opening net
               defined benefit liability/(asset), adjusted for any changes in the net defined benefit liability/(asset) during the period resulting
               from contributions and benefit payments. Net interest expense related to defined benefit plans is recognised in the income
               statement.




               79
               Directors’ retirement scheme
               Non‐executive directors appointed prior to 2003 were entitled to retirement benefits of up to three times their annual
               remuneration over the previous three years once they had more than five years’ service. The ongoing accrual of benefits under
               the directors’ retirement scheme ceased from 30 June 2007. The benefits accrued to that date are indexed by reference to the
               bank bill rate. There are no executive directors entitled to this benefit.

                                                                                                                                     2020                2019




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                      $m                  $m
               Current
               Provision for long service leave                                                                                       13.4                12.9
               Provision for annual leave                                                                                             36.3                31.0
               Provision for short‐term incentives and sales commissions                                                               4.7                25.6
               Total current employee benefit liabilities                                                                             54.4                69.5
               Non‐current
               Provision for long service leave                                                                                        6.9                 6.4
               Defined benefit plan                                                                                                    5.5                 6.7
               Total non‐current employee benefit liabilities                                                                         12.4                13.1
               Total employee benefit liabilities                                                                                     66.8                82.6



               4.3 Share based payments
               From 1 July 2013, the Company grants options and performance rights to certain employees under the Cochlear Executive
               Incentive Plan (CEIP).
               The fair value of options and performance rights granted is recognised as an employee expense, with a corresponding increase
               in equity. The expense is adjusted by the actual number of options and rights that are expected to vest except where forfeiture
               is due to market related conditions.
               The fair value is measured using the Black‐Scholes‐Merton pricing model at the date the options or performance rights are
               granted, taking into account market based criteria and the terms and conditions attached to the instruments. The options or
               performance rights are expensed over the vesting period after which the employees become unconditionally entitled to them.
               When the Company grants options over its shares to employees of controlled entities, the fair value at grant date is recognised
               as an increase in the investment in subsidiaries, with a corresponding increase in equity over the vesting period of the grant in
               the Company’s accounts. At 30 June 2020, the unissued ordinary shares of the Company under option and rights and the terms
               and conditions of the grants and issues are as follows:

               Grant date                                             Exercise price of           Number of        Number of                 Contractual life
                                                                               options              options performance rights

               October 20171                                                   $154.73               104,376                   11,835                  4 years
                                 2
               August 2018                                                           n/a                     ‐                 26,688                  2 years
                                     1
               October 2018                                                    $202.84                 75,745                   9,280                  4 years
                                           2
               September 2019                                                        n/a                     ‐                 32,684                  2 years
                                     1,3
               October 2019                                                    $217.28                 24,231                   3,994                  4 years
               October 20191,3                                                 $217.28                 57,074                  10,516                  5 years
               Total                                                                                 261,426                   94,997
               1.       Options and performance rights offered under long‐term incentives (LTI).
               2.       Performance rights offered under deferred short‐term incentives (STI).
               3.       FY20, LTI Award is subject to a four‐year performance period and as a transition for FY20 LTI plan, 2 grants were offered including three‐
                        year and four‐year performance period. No transitional arrangements were provided to the CEO&P. The CEO&P’s FY20 LTI grant had a
                        four‐ year performance period only.




               80            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Grants are split between deferred short‐term incentives (STI) and long‐term incentives (LTI).
               For deferred STI, certain employees under the CEIP are granted performance rights based on achievement of a mandatory
               portion of their STI. The number of performance rights under the deferred STI grants is calculated at the end of each year and
               then held for two years until vesting.
               Grants under LTI are in two equal tranches assigned to compound annual growth in EPS and ranking of total shareholder return
               (TSR) against the ASX 100 index. The conditions for minimum vesting are four years of service and:




For personal use only
                       50% weighting on compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in EPS with a minimum CAGR in EPS of 7.5% assigned to 50% of
                        grant; or
                       50% weighting on relative TSR with the Consolidated Entity’s TSR at the 50th percentile against the ASX 100 over four years
                        assigned to 40% of grant.
               For FY20, a transitional arrangement was implemented to recognise that increasing the performance period from three to four
               years, will result in a gap year of LTI vesting in FY22 for executives. For FY20 only, two grants were provided to the executive
               team (excluding the CEO&P):
                       Grant 1: 50% of the annual LTI grant opportunity with a three‐year performance period; and
                       Grant 2: 75% of the annual LTI grant opportunity with a four‐year performance period.
               No transitional arrangement was provided to the CEO&P. The CEO&P’s FY20 LTI grant opportunity continued to be 100% of
               base salary with a four‐year performance period.
               The grant date fair value of options and performance rights was measured based on the Black‐Scholes‐Merton pricing model.
               Gross contract value discounts for dividends not paid, share price volatility and the risk free rate of return. There is no discount
               for the likelihood of service or performance conditions. The model uses Cochlear’s five‐day volume‐weighted average price
               following the announcement of full year results in August each year. The inputs used in the measurement of the fair values at
               the grant date are the following:

                                                                                                         17 September                            24 August
                                                   23 October 2019 (3yr) 23 October 2019 (4yr)                             17 October 2018
                                                                                                                 2019                                2018
                                              TSR based           EPS TSR based          EPS                  Deferred TSR based             EPS Deferred
                                              conditions performance conditions performance                  STI service conditions performance STI service
                                                               based                  based                       based                   based      based
                                                           conditions             conditions                 conditions               conditions conditions
               Fair value of options
                                                  $31.46            $34.13        $35.74            $37.56         n/a      $32.55     $37.43        n/a
               at grant date
               Fair value of
               performance rights at             $130.48          $206.70        $133.01           $203.72     $209.75     $116.51    $199.29    $201.99
               grant date
               Share price at
                                                 $215.89          $215.89        $215.89           $215.89     $215.89     $207.50    $207.50    $207.50
               valuation date
               Option exercise price             $217.28          $217.28        $217.28           $217.28         n/a     $202.84    $202.84        n/a
                                        1
               Expected volatility                 24.1%             24.1%       23.96%            23.96%       24.42%     22.59%     22.59%      22.59%
               Option life (years)                   3‐4               3‐4           4 ‐5             4‐5            2        3‐4        3‐4           2
               Expected dividend
                                                   1.46%             1.46%         1.46%            1.46%        1.46%      1.35%      1.35%       1.35%
               yield
               Risk free interest
                                                   0.71%             0.71%         0.71%            0.71%        0.71%      2.04%      2.04%       2.04%
               rate2
               1.       Measure captures the characteristics of fluctuations in the share price.
               2.       Based on government bonds.




               81
               The number and weighted average exercise prices of options are as follows:

                                                                             Weighted           Number of       Weighted         Number of
                                                                       average exercise           options average exercise         options
                                                                                  price                              price
                                                                                  2020              2020             2019              2019
               Outstanding at 1 July                                              $163.71         263,613          $119.60          318,227




For personal use only
               Forfeited                                                          $150.26         (20,846)          $82.89           (4,724)
               Exercised                                                          $135.84         (62,646)          $82.89         (130,121)
               Granted                                                            $217.28          81,305          $202.84           80,231
               Outstanding at 30 June                                             $188.12         261,426          $163.71          263,613
               Exercisable at 30 June                                             $154.73         104,376          $135.84           79,006

               62,646 options were exercised in 2020 (2019: 130,121 options were exercised). The weighted average market share price on
               the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) at date of exercise was $215.30 (2019: $196.26). The weighted average remaining
               contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the year is two years (2019: two years).

               Employee Share Plan
               Cochlear’s Employee Share Plan (Plan) was approved by special resolution at the Annual General Meeting held on 19 October
               1999. Under the Plan, the directors can at their discretion, allocate at nil consideration up to a maximum of $2,000 worth of
               shares per eligible employee in any one year. In practice, the directors issue shares worth up to the tax concessional limit,
               currently approximately $1,000 per eligible employee each year. The fair value of shares issued during the financial year is the
               market price of the Company’s shares on the ASX as at the start of trading on the issue date.
               Shares under the Plan vest with the employee immediately but are non‐transferable for a period of up to three years. For the
               year ended 30 June 2020, the Company issued 7,955 shares (2019: 7,590 shares) under the Plan, see Note 6.2.

               APAC Employee Equity Plan
               The APAC Employee Equity Plan, established in 2016, aligns with the Cochlear Employee Share Plan and provides up to
               approximately $1,000 of service rights annually per eligible employee in selected Asian countries. Upon vesting, each service
               right converts to one share. For the year ended 30 June 2020, the Company issued 826 shares under the plan (2019: 1,092
               shares).

               4.4 Key management personnel
               The following were key management personnel (KMP) of Cochlear at any time during the financial year and unless otherwise
               indicated were KMP for the entire financial year:

               Non‐executive directors
               Mr R Holliday‐Smith (Chairman), Mrs YA Allen, Mr G Boreham, AM, Mr M Daniell1, Ms A Deans, Mr A Denver, Mr A Hussain,
               Mr DP O’Dwyer and Prof B Robinson, AC

               Executive KMP
               Mr D Howitt, Mr A Bishop, Mr R Brook, Mr B Cubis, Mr J Janssen and Mr T Manna.
               1.       Appointed on 1 January 2020.

               Key management personnel disclosures
               The KMP compensation is included in employee expenses as follows:

                                            Short‐term              Post‐ Other long‐term          Directors’   Share based            Total
                                             employee         employment          benefits        retirement      payments
                                               benefits          benefits                           benefits1
                                                      $                 $                $                  $              $              $
               2020                          7,772,881            422,082          56,866                   ‐      2,007,193     10,259,022
               2019                          10,340,814            414,161              8,857        461,136       2,150,552     13,375,520
               1.       Prof E Byrne retired from the Board on 16 October 2018.




               82            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Information regarding individual KMP remuneration and some equity instruments disclosures as permitted by section 300A of
               the Corporations Act 2001 is provided in the Remuneration report of this Annual Report on pages 40 to 57.
               The KMP have not received any loans from Cochlear and there have been no other related party transactions with any of
               Cochlear’s KMP.


               5. Operating assets and liabilities




For personal use only
               5.1 Inventories
               Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
               Cost is based on the first‐in‐first‐out principle including expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to
               their existing condition and location. In the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate
               share of production overheads based on normal operating capacity.
               Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs of completion and
               selling, marketing and distribution expenses.

                                                                                Raw             Work in           Finished Total inventories
                                                                            materials           progress             goods
                                                                                 $m                  $m                $m               $m
               2020                                                             82.6                32.5             108.7            223.8
               2019                                                              70.3                26.2             98.9               195.4



               5.2 Property, plant and equipment
               Owned assets
               The value of property, plant and equipment is measured as the cost of the asset, minus accumulated depreciation and
               impairment losses (see Note 5.3). The cost of the asset is the consideration provided plus incidental costs directly attributable
               to the acquisition.
               The value of internally‐constructed assets includes the cost of material and direct labour and any other costs directly
               attributable to bringing the asset to a working condition for its intended use.
               Subsequent costs in relation to replacing a part of property, plant and equipment are capitalised in the carrying amount of the
               item if it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to Cochlear and its cost can be measured reliably. All other costs
               are recognised in the income statement as incurred.

               Depreciation
               Depreciation is calculated to expense the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their estimated residual values
               on a straight‐line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives in the current and comparative years are as
               follows: leasehold improvements between one to 15 years, plant and equipment between three to 14 years and buildings
               between 10 to 30 years.
               Depreciation is recognised in the income statement from the date of acquisition or, in respect of internally‐constructed assets,
               from the time an asset is completed and held ready for use.




               83
               Depreciation rates and methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each balance sheet date. When changes are
               made, adjustments are reflected prospectively in current and future financial years only.

                                                  Leasehold            Plant and equipment           Land and                 Total
                                                improvements                                         buildings
                                                  2020         2019        2020         2019      2020        2019        2020          2019
                                                    $m           $m          $m           $m        $m          $m          $m            $m
               At cost                             67.6         42.0       333.4        277.5      30.0        30.1       431.0         349.6




For personal use only
               Accumulated
               depreciation                      (28.7)       (28.2)      (171.2)      (154.4)     (0.6)         (0.5)   (200.5)      (183.1)
               Net book value                      38.9         13.8        162.2        123.1     29.4          29.6      230.5        166.5
               Reconciliations of the carrying amounts are:
               Opening balance                    13.8         13.3        123.1          85.3     29.6          29.8     166.5         128.4
               Additions                          30.0           3.3        62.9         56.6          ‐             ‐     92.9          59.9
               Disposals                             ‐             ‐        (0.4)        (0.5)         ‐             ‐     (0.4)         (0.5)
               Depreciation                       (4.4)        (3.2)       (22.0)       (19.5)     (0.2)         (0.2)    (26.6)       (22.9)
               Effect of movements in
               foreign exchange                   (0.5)          0.4        (1.4)          1.2         ‐             ‐     (1.9)          1.6
               Net book value                     38.9         13.8        162.2        123.1      29.4          29.6     230.5        166.5



               5.3 Intangible assets
               Goodwill
               All business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. Goodwill represents the difference between
               the cost of the acquisition and the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired.
               Goodwill is stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment.

               IT system costs
               IT system costs are recognised as an intangible asset where Cochlear controls future economic benefits as a result of the costs
               incurred, and are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation. Costs include expenditure directly related to the development
               and implementation (hardware and software costs) of IT systems including direct labour.

               Other intangible assets
               Other intangible assets, comprising acquired technology, patents and licences, customer relationships, capitalised
               development expenditure and intellectual property, are acquired individually or through business combinations and are stated
               at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see below).

               Amortisation
               Amortisation is calculated to expense the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values on a straight‐line basis
               over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows: IT system
               costs between two to seven years, acquired technology, patents and licences between four to 15 years, customer relationships
               up to 31 years and capitalised development expenditure between four to 10 years.
               Amortisation is recognised in the income statement from the date the assets are available for use unless their lives are
               indefinite.




               84       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Goodwill and intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are systematically tested for impairment annually.

                                                 Intangible assets with              Intangible assets with finite useful life    Intangible
                                                      indefinite useful                                                               assets
                                                                    life
                                                              Goodwill IT system costs         Acquired Other intangible              Total
                                                                                            technology,           assets




For personal use only
                                                                                            patents and
                                                                                                licences
                                                                    $m               $m              $m              $m                 $m
               2020
               At cost                                           270.9             127.4          127.4                55.4           581.1
               Accumulated amortisation and
               impairment losses                                     ‐            (69.3)          (73.8)              (27.7)         (170.8)
               Net book value                                    270.9              58.1            53.6                27.7           410.3
               Reconciliations of the carrying amounts are:
               Opening balance                                   268.8              50.4            72.5               32.7           424.4
               Additions                                             ‐              18.5             4.4                   ‐            22.9
               Amortisation                                          ‐            (10.8)           (6.6)               (5.1)          (22.5)
               Impairment                                            ‐                 ‐          (16.7)                   ‐          (16.7)
               Effect of movements in foreign
               exchange                                            2.1                 ‐              ‐                 0.1             2.2
               Net book value                                    270.9              58.1           53.6                27.7           410.3
               2019
               At cost                                           268.8            109.2           122.9                 56.3           557.2
               Accumulated amortisation                              ‐            (58.8)          (50.4)              (23.6)         (132.8)
               Net book value                                    268.8              50.4            72.5                32.7           424.4
               Reconciliations of the carrying amounts are:
               Opening balance                                   265.4              32.9           29.0                18.0           345.3
               Additions                                             ‐              26.7           48.4                15.3             90.4
               Amortisation                                          ‐              (9.2)          (4.9)               (1.5)          (15.6)
               Effect of movements in foreign
               exchange                                            3.4                 ‐              ‐                 0.9             4.3
               Net book value                                    268.8              50.4           72.5                32.7           424.4


               Impairment
               Cochlear annually tests goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful life for impairment. Other non‐financial
               assets, other than inventories (see Note 5.1) and deferred tax assets (see Note 3.2), are tested if there is any indication of
               impairment or if there is any indication that an impairment loss recognised in a prior period may no longer exist or may have
               decreased.
               Assets are impaired if their carrying value exceeds their recoverable amount. The asset’s recoverable amount is estimated
               based on its value in use.
               An asset that does not generate independent cash flows and its individual value in use cannot be estimated is tested for
               impairment as part of a cash generating unit (CGU).
               An impairment loss is recognised in the income statement when the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
               amount. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
               An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
               would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. An impairment
               loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.




               85
               Impairment tests for CGUs
               Cochlear allocates goodwill and other intangible assets to CGUs based on the expected benefits that each CGU will receive
               from use of those assets.
               The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to each CGU are:

                                                                             Americas             EMEA        Asia Pacific            Total




For personal use only
                                                                                    $m               $m                $m               $m
               2020                                                              185.2              75.5             10.2             270.9
               2019                                                              184.2              74.6             10.0             268.8

               The recoverable amount of each CGU is based on value‐in‐use calculations. Those calculations use five year cash flow
               projections based on actual operating results and recent experience and learnings in relation to the economic impacts of
               COVID‐19 on Cochlear’s business. The calculation contains increased estimation uncertainty from potential COVID‐19 impacts
               which may include government restrictions on elective surgeries and demand impacts due to the broader economic
               environment.
               The calculation assumes that the future economic impact of COVID‐19 will primarily impact FY21 with gradually improving
               trading conditions. While uncertainty resulting from COVID‐19 remains, Cochlear will continue to manage costs by limiting non‐
               essential spending in each CGU. Future year forecasts include an EBIT growth rate, considered modest compared to historical
               growth rates in the CGUs.
               Cash flows for year 6 onwards are extrapolated using a terminal growth rate of 3.0% (2019: 3.0%) per annum which is consistent
               with long‐term growth rates. The pre‐tax discount rate for each CGU is as follows: Americas 9.6% (2019: 10.6%), EMEA 9.8%
               (2019: 10.3%) and Asia Pacific 10.3% (2019: 11.2%).
               The key assumptions and the approach to determining their value in the current year are:

               Assumption                         How determined
               Discount rate                      Based on weighted average cost of capital reflecting current market assessments of the
                                                  time value of money and risks specific to the CGU.
               EBIT growth rate                   Based on a five year cash flow projection taking into account historical growth rates and
                                                  product lifecycle.
               Terminal value growth rate         Based on long‐term growth rates.
               The recoverable amount of each CGU including unallocated corporate assets is in excess of the carrying amount and therefore
               no impairment expense was recognised. The above represents the best estimate of the directors. Sensitivity analysis has been
               undertaken to stress test cash flow forecasts, discount rates and terminal value growth rate assumptions to reflect a prolonged
               recovery and growth rate. Based on the range and depth of sensitivities applied no reasonable change in assumptions would
               result in an impairment.




               86       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               5.4 Investments
               Cochlear’s investments are valued individually using quoted prices or unobservable market inputs. Unobservable inputs are
               those not readily available in an active market. These inputs are generally derived from other observable inputs that match the
               risk profile of the financial instruments and validated against current market assumptions and historical transactions where
               available. Refer to Note 6.4(d) for further details on the valuation of financial assets.
               Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are ordinary shares. Investments measured at fair value




For personal use only
               through profit or loss are interests in entities that do not meet the definition of equity, such as instruments convertible into
               ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                    2020                    2019
                                                                                                                      $m                      $m
               Opening balance                                                                                       47.8                    15.8
               Additions                                                                                             14.2                    22.1
               Fair value gain through profit or loss                                                                35.8                    10.8
               Fair value loss through other comprehensive income                                                    (1.8)                  (1.3)
               Transferred to equity accounted investments                                                         (70.2)                       ‐
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange                                                                0.1                     0.4
               Total investments                                                                                     25.9                    47.8

               At 30 June 2020, $22.7 million of investments is measured at fair valued through profit or loss with the remaining $3.2 million
               measured at fair valued through other comprehensive income.



               5.5 Equity accounted investments
               In February 2020, Cochlear executed an agreement to invest an additional EUR 8.0 million in Nyxoah S.A. The additional
               investment resulted in Cochlear’s ownership interest exceeding 20% and the investee has been reclassified as an associate
               from February 2020.
               Associates are accounted for using the equity method with Cochlear recognising its share of the associate’s profit or loss and
               other comprehensive income. Transactions with associates are eliminated to the extent of Cochlear’s interest in the associate
               until such time as they are realised by the investee on consumption or sale. Investments in associates are assessed for
               impairment when indicators of impairment are present and if required, written down to the recoverable amount.
               If Cochlear’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the carrying amount is reduced to nil and recognition of further
               losses is discontinued except to the extent that Cochlear has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on
               behalf of the associate.
               In the current year, Cochlear has recognised $1.2 million in losses representing its proportionate share of Nyxoah S.A.’s net
               loss since it became an equity accounted investment. At 30 June 2020, the value of this investment is $69.0 million.




               87
               5.6 Provisions
               A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when:
                       Cochlear has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event;
                       a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation; and
                       it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.




For personal use only
               Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre‐tax rate that reflects current market
               assessments of the time value of money and the risk specific to the liability.

               2020                                                       Warranties        Legal and        Product     Make good        Total
                                                                                            insurance          recall    lease costs
                                                                                  $m              $m               $m            $m         $m
               Opening balance                                                   37.8           22.0             10.5           1.2       71.5
               Provision made                                                     4.6           97.5                 ‐          0.4     102.5
               Provision used                                                  (11.4)           (4.3)            (1.5)            ‐     (17.2)
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange                            0.6               ‐                ‐            ‐        0.6
               Total provisions                                                  31.6          115.2              9.0           1.6      157.4
               Represented by:
               Current                                                           13.6          115.2              1.4             ‐      130.2
               Non‐current                                                       18.0               ‐             7.6           1.6       27.2
               Total provisions                                                  31.6          115.2              9.0           1.6      157.4

               Warranties
               A provision for warranty claims is recognised in relation to sales made prior to the reporting date, based on historical claim
               rates and respective product populations. Warranty periods on hardware products extend for three to 10 years.

               Legal and insurance
               Cochlear is involved in litigation in the ordinary course of business, including claims made by Cochlear and against Cochlear for
               patent infringement. Where Cochlear is able to make a reliable estimate of the estimated future costs related to these
               proceeding, including legal fees, a provision is recognised.
               The legal and insurance provision also includes amounts provided in relation to the long‐running patent dispute with Alfred E.
               Mann Foundation for Scientific Research and Advanced Bionics LLC (collectively referred to as AMF and AB). The increased
               provision relates primarily to the additional USD 75 million provided in relation to the claims by AMF and AB for pre‐judgment
               interest and attorneys’ fees. Refer to Note 2.3 for further details.
               Cochlear self‐insures certain risks associated with operating in its line of business. Claims are recognised when an incident
               occurs that may give rise to a claim. They are measured at the cost that Cochlear expects to incur in defending or settling the
               claims, discounted using a rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
               the liability.

               Product recall
               On 11 September 2011, the Company initiated a worldwide voluntary recall of its unimplanted Nucleus CI500 cochlear implant
               range. Management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions related to probable costs arising from the recall which
               affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual outcomes may differ from these estimates as
               further information is identified.
               No additional provisions have been made or released to the income statement for the year ended 30 June 2020.

               Make good lease costs
               Cochlear has a number of operating leases over its offices that require the premises to be returned to the lessor in their original
               condition. The operating lease payments do not include an element for the repairs and overhauls.




               88            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               5.7 Contingent liabilities
               The details of contingent liabilities are set out below. The directors are of the opinion that provisions are either adequate or
               are not required in respect of these matters, as it is either not probable that a future sacrifice of economic benefits will be
               required, or the amount is not capable of reliable measurement.

               Product liability claims




For personal use only
               Cochlear is currently, and/or is likely from time to time to be, involved in claims and lawsuits incidental to the ordinary course
               of business, including claims for damages relating to its products and services.
               In addition, Cochlear has received legal claims and lawsuits in various countries including the United States by recipients who
               have had Cochlear implant CI500 series devices stop functioning for the reason that led to the September 2011 voluntary recall
               of unimplanted CI500 series devices.
               Cochlear carries product liability insurance and has made claims under the policies. The insurers have agreed to indemnify
               Cochlear in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policies including deductibles and exclusions. In the opinion of
               the directors, the details of the product liability insurance policies are commercially sensitive and any disclosure of these details
               may be prejudicial to the interests of Cochlear.

               Regulatory actions
               Cochlear operates in multiple overseas jurisdictions and is currently, and/or is likely from time to time to be, subject to tax,
               customs and regulatory reviews, audits and investigations. Known reviews, audits and investigations are not expected to result
               in a significant adverse outcome for Cochlear. Outcomes are uncertain because investigations are ongoing.

               5.8 Leases
               Cochlear leases a number of assets including land and buildings, office equipment and motor vehicles. Cochlear’s lease
               agreements often include a standard lease term with an extension option at the end. Lease agreements may include annual
               rent increases based on either a fixed percentage or benchmarked against an inflation index. Land and building leases may also
               include periodic market rent reviews which resets the rent to the market rent at the time of the review.
               At inception of a contract, Cochlear assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease, if
               the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
               Where the contract contains a lease, a lease liability is recognised at lease commencement date. The liability is initially
               measured at the present value of future lease payments, discounted using Cochlear’s incremental borrowing rate.
               The lease liability is subsequently remeasured when there is a modification in future lease payments arising from a change in
               an index or rate, a change in the estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or changes
               in the assessment of whether a purchase or extension option is reasonably certain to be exercised or a termination option is
               reasonably certain not to be exercised. The right of use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently adjusted for certain
               remeasurements of the lease liability.
               Over the life of the lease, the lease liability will be increased by interest costs and will be reduced as lease payments are made.
               The right of use asset is amortised on a straight‐line basis over its useful life. As compared to AASB 117 Leases, the pattern of
               expense recognition changes with a higher expense at lease commencement due to a higher lease liability at that time.
               Under AASB 117, operating lease payments are expensed on a straight‐line basis over the term of the lease, except where an
               alternatives basis is more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the leased property. Minimum lease
               payments include fixed rate increases.
               Cochlear has applied judgement to determine the lease term for some lease contracts in which it is a lessee that include
               renewal options. The assessment of whether Cochlear is reasonably certain to exercise such options impacts the lease term,
               which significantly affects the amount of lease liabilities and right of use assets recognised.
               Cochlear has elected not to recognise a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability for leases with a term of less than
               12 months or for leases of low‐value assets. Cochlear recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense
               on a straight‐line basis over the lease term.




               89
               The following table shows movements in the right of use asset during the year:
                                                                                                        Land and          Other           Total
                                                                                                        buildings         assets
                                                                                                             $m              $m            $m
               Balance at 1 July 2019                                                                      171.4             6.8         178.2
               Depreciation expense                                                                        (24.0)          (4.4)         (28.4)
               Additions to right of use asset                                                               54.6            3.9           58.5




For personal use only
               Total right of use asset                                                                    202.0             6.3         208.3
               Cochlear recognised $28.4 million in depreciation expense and $6.1 million in interest expense instead of the operating lease
               expense recognised under the previous standard.
               The operating lease expense under AASB 117 and the right of use asset depreciation under AASB 16 are both recognised in
               cost of sales, selling, marketing and general expenses, research and development expenses and administration expenses in the
               income statement depending on the function of associated activities. Interest expense incurred on the lease liability under
               AASB 16 is recognised in finance expense – interest in the income statement.
               For the purpose of presentation of the statement of cash flows, the lease payments under AASB 16 are separated into principal
               payments (financing activities) of $24.6 million and interest payments (operating activities) of $6.1 million. Under AASB 117,
               lease payments are included in cash paid to suppliers and employees in the statement of cash flows.
               Transition to AASB 16
               Cochlear has initially adopted AASB 16 Leases from 1 July 2019, this has replaced AASB 117. Cochlear adopted AASB 16 using
               the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach, the cumulative impact of adoption was recognised as an adjustment
               to opening retained earnings with no restatement of comparative periods.
               Under AASB 117, Cochlear classified leases as either operating leases or finance leases based on its assessment of whether the
               lease transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. Under AASB 16, Cochlear recognises a right of use asset
               and a corresponding lease liability for most leases i.e. these leases are on balance sheet.
               Lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments at 1 July 2019, discounted at Cochlear’s
               incremental borrowing rate as at 1 July 2019. Right of use assets were measured at their carrying amount as if AASB 16 had
               been applied since the commencement date, discounted using Cochlear’s incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial
               application.
               Cochlear has elected to apply practical expedients allowed under the modified retrospective approach not to recognise right
               of use assets or lease liabilities for leases with less than 12 months of lease term remaining at the transition date or leases of
               low‐value assets.
               The adoption of AASB 16, as outlined above, resulted in the following change in the balance sheet on 1 July 2019:

                                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                                                            $m
               Increase in right of use assets                                                                                           178.2
               Increase in deferred tax assets                                                                                              5.6
               Increase in lease liabilities (current and non‐current)                                                                  (197.8)
               Decrease in other liabilities                                                                                                1.9
               Decrease in retained earnings                                                                                               12.1




               90       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               The following table reconciles the differences between the non‐cancellable lease commitments as disclosed in the FY19
               Annual Financial Statements under AASB 117 and the lease liability recognised on transition to AASB 16:
                                                                                                                                                $m
               Operating lease commitments disclosed at 30 June 2019                                                                          220.8
               Add: Adjustments as a result of different treatment of extension options                                                       112.5
               Less: Lease executed but not yet effective on transition date                                                                  (84.5)
               Less: Other                                                                                                                     (7.8)




For personal use only
               Discounted using incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application                                                 (43.2)
               Lease liability recognised as at 1 July 2019                                                                                   197.8

               Lease terms range from one to 25 years. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied is 3.0% per annum.


               6. Capital and financial structure
               6.1 Capital management
               Cochlear’s capital management objectives are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, provide returns to
               shareholders, provide benefits to other stakeholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.
               The Board aims to maintain and develop a capital base appropriate to Cochlear’s objectives and monitors a number of
               qualitative metrics as follows:
                       net gearing ratio – defined as net debt as a proportion of net debt plus total equity;
                       dividend payout ratio – defined as dividends as a proportion of net profit after tax for a given period;
                       growth in EPS – defined as the compound annual growth percentage in EPS over a three year period; and
                       TSR – defined as the percentage growth in share price over a three year period plus the cumulative three year dividend
                        return calculated against the opening share price in the same three year period.
               Senior management tracks, manages and reports against these capital management metrics periodically as part of broader
               corporate governance responsibilities. The Board undertakes periodic reviews to assess whether the metrics continue to be
               appropriate and whether the capital management structure is appropriate to meet Cochlear’s medium and long‐term strategic
               requirements.
               In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, Cochlear may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return
               capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject
               to externally imposed capital requirements.
               In the year ended 30 June 2020 and in response to the combined effects of COVID‐19 and the patent litigation, Cochlear
               increased its liquidity by taking the following steps:
                       a capital raising of AUD 1,075.6 million (net of related costs). The capital raising was to ensure Cochlear remained strongly
                        capitalised during the market uncertainties of COVID‐19 and to position Cochlear for the future;
                       increase total available debt from AUD 414.5 million in 2019 to AUD 1,003.8 million. Additional facilities were obtained
                        from existing lenders of AUD 225.0 million for working capital and USD 268 million for the patent litigation;
                       obtaining covenant waivers from all Cochlear’s lenders for the leverage and interest cover ratio covenants testing periods
                        June 2020 and December 2020; and
                       determined that no final 2020 dividend will be paid.
               Cochlear’s priorities for the use of cash from the capital raising and the availability of the new debt facilities is to strengthen
               the balance sheet to support the business during the impacts of COVID‐19 while continuing to invest in core strategic
               business priorities and research and development, to respond to the patent litigation expense and to reduce existing net
               debt levels. At the appropriate time, Cochlear will resume the dividend to shareholders.




               91
               As a result of the capital raising, Cochlear is now in a net cash rather than a net debt position for the year ended 30 June 2020.
               Cochlear’s net gearing ratio was as follows:

                                                                                                                  2020                   2019
                                                                                             Note                  $m                     $m
               Net (cash)/debt                                                               6.3(a)             (457.0)                 103.0
               Total equity ‐ reported                                                                          1,401.5                 725.9




For personal use only
               Net gearing ratio at 30 June                                                                      (48%)1                  12%
               1.       Net gearing ratio is negative due to net cash in 2020.

               6.2 Capital and reserves
               Share capital
               The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares.

                                                                                                              Total number of issued shares
                                                                                                              2020                       2019
               On issue 1 July – fully paid                                                            57,715,821                  57,547,820
               Issued for nil consideration under Employee Share Plan                                        7,955                      7,590
               Issued from exercise of APAC Equity Plan                                                        826                      1,092
               Issued from the exercise of options                                                          54,419                    112,093
               Issued from the exercise of performance rights                                               51,099                     47,226
               Issued from capital raising – institutional placement                                    6,285,715                             ‐
               Issued from capital raising – share purchase plan                                        1,571,567                             ‐
               On issue 30 June – fully paid                                                           65,687,402                  57,715,821

               During the 2020 financial year, Cochlear purchased 10,394 shares (2019: 18,813 shares) on market to satisfy exercise of options
               and performance rights.
               Cochlear has also issued shares to employees under the Employee Share Plan (see Note 4.3).
               Ordinary shares are classified as equity and incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares and share
               options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any income tax benefit.
               The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per
               share at shareholders’ meetings.
               In response to the combined effects of COVID‐19 and the patent litigation, Cochlear adjusted its capital structure by a capital
               raising of AUD 1,075.6 million, net of related costs. The capital raising was to ensure Cochlear remained strongly capitalised
               during the market uncertainties of COVID‐19, enhance Cochlear’s balance sheet and to strengthen liquidity in order to position
               Cochlear for the future.
               From the capital raise, 6,285,715 shares were issued from the institutional placement on 31 March 2020 and 1,571,567 shares
               were issued from the share purchase plan on 30 April 2020.

               Translation reserve
               The translation reserve records the foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of
               foreign operations as well as from the translation of liabilities that hedge the Company’s net investment in a foreign subsidiary,
               where their functional currency is different to the presentation currency of the reporting entity. See Note 1.2(e) for further
               details.

               Hedging reserve
               The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of cash flow hedging
               instruments related to underlying transactions that have not yet occurred.




               92            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Fair value reserve
               The fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of investments revalued through other
               comprehensive income until the assets are derecognised or impaired.

               Share based payment reserve
               The share based payment reserve comprises the cost of shares, options, performance shares and performance rights granted
               to eligible executives under the CEIP, as detailed in Note 4.3 less any payments made to meet Cochlear’s obligations through




For personal use only
               the acquisition of shares on market, together with any deferred tax asset/liability on such payments.

               6.3 Net debt and finance costs
               (a) Net debt
               Loans and borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequently, loans and
               borrowings are stated at amortised cost, with any difference between amortised cost and redemption value being recognised
               in the income statement over the period of the borrowings on an effective interest rate basis.
               Debt establishment costs are capitalised and recognised as a reduction in loans and borrowings. They are recorded initially at
               cost and are amortised over the period of the loan. Included within loans and borrowings is an amount of $0.9 million (2019:
               $0.8 million) in relation to unamortised loan establishment fees.

                                                                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                                                                                   $m            $m
               Loans and borrowings
               Current                                                                                                          393.1             3.3
               Non‐current                                                                                                       79.9          178.3
               Total loans and borrowings                                                                                       473.0          181.6
               Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                (565.0)          (78.6)
               Less: Term deposits                                                                                            (365.0)               ‐
               Net (cash)/debt                                                                                                (457.0)          103.0

               (b) Term deposits
               Term deposits are bank deposits with a fixed term maturity of longer than three months from inception. Bank deposits with a
               fixed term of less than 3 months are classified as cash and cash equivalents. All term deposits held at 30 June 2020 will mature
               by January 2021. Term deposits of AUD 365.0 million (2019: AUD nil) were held as at 30 June 2020.

                (c) Financing arrangements
                                                                 Multi‐option bank facilities                       Other credit facilities
                                                                 Unsecured               Bank            Unsecured     Unsecured                Bank
                                                                  bank loan      guarantees2                  bank      bank loan         guarantees2
                                                                                                         overdrafts
                                                                           $m                 $m                  $m                   $m        $m
               2020
               Utilised at reporting date1                              470.5                 8.0                    ‐                 3.4       5.4
               Not utilised at reporting date                           527.2                 7.0                 2.9                  2.7       4.2
               Total facilities                                         997.7                15.0                 2.9                  6.1       9.6
               2019
               Utilised at reporting date1                              179.1                 5.3                    ‐                 3.3       4.6
               Not utilised at reporting date                           229.4                 9.7                 2.9                  2.7       5.1
               Total facilities                                         408.5                15.0                 2.9                  6.0       9.7
               1.       Excludes the amount of $0.9 million (2019: $0.8 million) in relation to unamortised loan establishment fees.
               2.       Bank guarantees include standby letters of credit.




               93
               Multi‐option bank facilities ‐ Unsecured bank loan
               During the year ended 30 June 2020, Cochlear restructured its bank loan facilities as follows:

               Facility type                      <1 year term      1 ‐ 2 year term     2 ‐ 3 year term     3 ‐ 4 year term      Total facilities
                                                            $m                   $m                  $m                  $m                  $m
               Committed debt including
               guarantees                                 389.8               325.0               146.7               151.2             1,012.7




For personal use only
               All facilities are unsecured and have interlocking guarantees provided by certain controlled entities. Interest on the facilities is
               variable and charged at prevailing market rates.

               Other credit facilities
               Unsecured bank overdrafts
               Certain unsecured bank overdrafts are payable on demand and are subject to annual review. Interest on unsecured bank
               overdrafts is variable and is charged at prevailing market rates.

               Unsecured bank loan
               Cochlear has a USD 268.0 million loan facility, a Japanese yen (JPY) 450.0 million loan facility, a Swedish kroner (SEK) 300.0
               million loan facility and a Chinese yuan (CNY) 176.0 million loan facility. The facilities are unsecured bank loans. Interest on
               unsecured bank loans is variable and is charged at prevailing market rates.

               Bank guarantees/Standby letters of credit
               As at 30 June 2020, Cochlear had additional contingent liability facilities denominated in USD, Euros (EUR), Sterling (GBP),
               Indian rupees and New Zealand dollars totalling AUD 9.6 million (2019: AUD 9.7 million).
               (d) Finance costs
               Interest income is recognised as it accrues in the income statement. Borrowing costs are recognised as they accrue in the
               income statement as a finance expense.



               6.4 Financial risk management
               The activities of Cochlear are exposed to a variety of risks, including market risk (comprising currency and interest rate risk),
               credit risk and liquidity risk. Cochlear’s overall risk management program considers the unpredictability of financial markets
               and seeks to appropriately manage the potential adverse effects on financial performance.
               The Board has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Risk Management Framework. Under instruction
               of the Board, management has established a Risk Management Committee which is responsible for identifying, assessing and
               appropriately managing risk throughout Cochlear. Key risks are reported to the Audit & Risk Committee on a regular basis.
               The Audit & Risk Committee oversees how management monitors compliance with Cochlear’s Risk Management Framework,
               policies and procedures and is assisted by Group Risk and Assurance which undertakes reviews of key management controls
               and procedures.

               (a) Market risk
               Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices, will affect
               Cochlear’s net profit or the value of its holdings of financial instruments.
               The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures by buying and selling forward
               exchange contracts and incurring financial liabilities, within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return, all in
               accordance with the treasury risk policy.

               Currency risk
               Cochlear is exposed to currencies other than the respective functional currencies of the controlled entities, primarily AUD,
               Swiss francs (CHF), CNY, EUR, GBP, JPY, SEK and USD.




               94       Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Over 90% of Cochlear’s revenues and over 50% of costs are denominated in currencies other than AUD. Currency risk is hedged
               in accordance with the treasury risk policy. Risk resulting from the translation of assets and liabilities of foreign operations into
               Cochlear’s reporting currency is not hedged.
               Cochlear’s exposure to foreign currency risk in relation to non‐derivative financial instruments at 30 June 2020 was as follows,
               based upon notional amounts:

               Amounts local currency/millions               CHF          CNY           EUR          GBP           JPY          SEK          USD




For personal use only
               2020
               Trade receivables                              0.6           6.0        36.5         (0.9)        771.8           1.7         66.4
               Unsecured bank loan                               ‐     (165.4)             ‐             ‐     (250.0)      (300.0)       (268.0)
               Trade payables                                (0.1)       (26.3)       (10.6)        (3.0)       (74.4)        (39.9)       (23.8)
               Balance sheet exposure                         0.5      (185.7)         25.9         (3.9)        447.4      (338.2)       (225.4)
               2019
               Trade receivables                              0.5         12.2         59.4           5.7      1,139.7           7.5         78.0
               Unsecured bank loan                               ‐       (14.1)            ‐             ‐     (250.0)      (300.0)             ‐
               Trade payables                                (0.9)       (20.8)        (8.4)        (4.8)      (122.1)        (44.2)       (17.4)
               Balance sheet exposure                        (0.4)       (22.7)        51.0           0.9        767.6      (336.7)          60.6

               Derivative assets and liabilities
               In order to reduce the impact of short‐term fluctuations on Cochlear’s earnings, Cochlear enters into forward exchange
               contracts to hedge anticipated sales and purchases in CHF, EUR, GBP, JPY, SEK and USD. The amounts of forward cover taken
               are in accordance with approved policy and internal forecasts.
               In the year ended 30 June 2020, Cochlear designated the majority of forward exchange contracts as cash flow hedges. These
               are hedges of forecast future transactions to manage the currency risk arising from exchange rate fluctuations. The hedged
               items were highly probable foreign currency transactions.
               At the start of a hedge relationship, Cochlear designates and documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and
               hedged item. This includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk
               being hedged and how Cochlear will assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. Cochlear regularly assesses whether
               the hedging instruments are expected to be highly effective in offsetting the changes in the cash flows of the respective hedged
               items.
               Forward exchange contracts are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequently, forward exchange contracts are measured at
               fair value. Changes in the fair value are recognised directly in equity to the extent that the hedge is effective. The ineffective
               part of any hedging instrument is recognised immediately in the income statement.
               If the forward exchange contract no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, expires or is sold, terminated or exercised,
               then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in equity remains there
               until the forecast transaction occurs or when cash flows arising from the transaction are received.
               For cash flow hedges, the associated cumulative gain or loss is removed from equity and recognised in the income statement
               in the same period the hedged forecast transaction affects the income statement and on the same line item as that hedged
               forecast transaction.
               In the year ended 30 June 2020, Cochlear assessed that its forward exchange contracts to hedge sales revenues in EUR, GBP
               and USD for periods less than one year were no longer highly effective due to the combined effects of COVID‐19 and the patent
               litigation on the probable foreign currency cash flows anticipated to be received during that period. As a result, those cash
               flow hedges no longer met the criteria for hedge accounting and hedge accounting on those cash flow hedges was
               discontinued. The associated cumulative gain/(loss) was removed from equity and recognised in the income statement in the
               same period that hedge accounting was discontinued. In addition, the ineffective forward exchange contracts were terminated
               with a total loss of AUD 26.1 million (2019: AUD nil).




               95
               All other cash flow hedges with terms greater than 1 year were effective at the reporting date and continue to meet the criteria
               for hedge accounting.
               The following table sets out the gross value to be received or paid under remaining forward exchange contracts and the
               weighted average contracted exchange rates of outstanding contracts:

                                                                           Weighted             < 1 year        1 ‐ 2 years       2 ‐ 5 years
                                                                         average rate                $m                 $m                $m




For personal use only
               2020
               Buy CHF                                                          0.659             (12.0)                    ‐               ‐
               Sell EUR                                                         0.595                    ‐            63.1                  ‐
               Sell GBP                                                         0.522                    ‐             9.6                  ‐
               Sell JPY                                                        72.979               19.8              11.1                  ‐
               Buy SEK                                                          6.492             (27.7)                    ‐               ‐
               Sell USD                                                         0.691                    ‐           122.8              26.3
               Total                                                                              (19.9)             206.6              26.3
               2019
               Buy CHF                                                          0.697             (19.9)                    ‐               ‐
               Sell EUR                                                         0.606             141.2               84.7               7.6
               Sell GBP                                                         0.541               20.2              14.9               1.9
               Sell JPY                                                        76.902               17.7               9.5               1.6
               Buy SEK                                                          6.391             (43.0)                    ‐               ‐
               Sell USD                                                         0.746             266.0              135.0              21.0
               Total                                                                              382.2              244.1              32.1

               Currency risk ‐ Sensitivity analysis
               An analysis based on a 10% strengthening of foreign currencies would have increased Cochlear’s loss for the year ended 30
               June 2020 after tax by approximately AUD 1.7 million (2019: decrease profit by AUD 2.5 million) and increased Cochlear’s
               equity by AUD 13.6 million (2019: increase by AUD 25.8 million). A 10% weakening of the foreign currencies would have
               decreased Cochlear’s loss after tax by AUD 2.4 million (2019: increased profit by AUD 3.5 million) and decreased equity by AUD
               13.0 million (2019: decrease by AUD 67.2 million).
               This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant and ignores any impact from the translation of foreign
               operations.
               The following significant exchange rates applied to Cochlear during the year:

                                                                             Average rate                    Reporting date spot rate
               AUD 1 =                                                        2020               2019               2020                2019
               CHF                                                           0.656               0.712              0.654              0.683
               CNY                                                           4.725               4.877              4.869              4.814
               EUR                                                           0.606               0.627              0.611              0.616
               GBP                                                           0.533               0.553              0.558              0.552
               JPY                                                          72.549             79.582             73.985             75.355
               SEK                                                           6.457               6.557              6.413              6.494
               USD                                                           0.672               0.716              0.688              0.700

               Interest rate risk
               Cochlear is exposed to interest rate risks in Australia, China, Japan and Sweden. See Note 6.4(c) for effective interest rates,
               repayment and repricing analysis of outstanding debt.




               96         Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               In order to reduce the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates, Cochlear had previously entered into interest rate swaps
               to manage the interest rate risk by using a floating versus fixed rate debt framework. The notional principal amount of these
               interest rate swaps was $50.0 million. These interest rate swaps were closed out in May 2020.
               At the reporting date, the interest rate profile of Cochlear’s interest‐bearing financial instruments is financial assets of $930.0
               million (2019: $78.6 million) and financial liabilities of $473.0 million (2019: $181.6 million).

               Interest rate risk ‐ Sensitivity analysis




For personal use only
               For the year ended 30 June 2020, it is estimated that a general increase of one percent in interest rates would have increased
               Cochlear’s loss after income tax and equity by approximately $3.3 million (2019: decrease profit by $0.7 million). A one percent
               general decrease in interest rates would have had the equal but opposite effect on Cochlear’s loss and equity.

               (b) Credit risk
               Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to Cochlear if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its
               contractual obligations. Cochlear is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily from trade and other
               receivables) and from financing activities, including deposits with financial institutions and foreign exchange contracts. The
               carrying amounts of these financial assets at year end represent Cochlear’s maximum exposure to credit risk.

               Credit risk management ‐ Trade and other receivables
               Customer credit risk is managed at a regional level, subject to Board approved policies and procedures. The ageing profile of
               total receivables balances, individually significant debtors by geographic region, high risk customers and collection activities
               are reported to management and the Board on a monthly basis. Where high risk customers are identified, regional
               management is responsible for placing restrictions on future trading, including suspending future shipments and administering
               dispatches on a prepayment basis.
               Cochlear’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the political and geographical location and characteristics of individual
               customers. Cochlear does not have a significant concentration of credit risk with a single customer.
               The maximum exposure to credit risk for trade receivables at the reporting date by geographic region was:

                                                                                 Americas             EMEA        Asia Pacific             Total
                                                                                       $m                $m                $m                $m
               2020                                                                   74.7              92.1              44.6            211.4
               2019                                                                   96.0             140.1              63.4            299.5

               Depending on the region, Cochlear’s credit terms are generally 30 days; however, there are certain jurisdictions where it is
               customary practice for customers to make payment beyond 270 days. Although Cochlear discloses the balance as overdue, it
               is not indicative of a higher than normal credit risk as payments are typically received by Cochlear within the extended
               timeframes.
               Cochlear has established an allowance for impairment that represents its estimate of the expected credit losses in respect of
               trade receivables. The expected credit losses are assessed by reference to historical collection trends and timing of recoveries
               of each customer type within a region.
               In response to COVID‐19, Cochlear undertook a review of its outstanding trade debtors at 30 June 2020. The review considered
               the macroeconomic conditions and outlook in the country that the customer is located as well as any specific collection risk
               identified by either Cochlear or the customer. As a result of this review, the trade debtors provision has been increased to
               reflect these higher levels of risks caused by COVID‐19. While these model inputs including forward looking information was
               revised, the expected credit loss model remains consistent with the prior year.




               97
               Trade and other receivables are stated at amortised cost less impairment losses. The ageing of Cochlear’s trade receivables at
               the reporting date was:

                                                                                                                          2020                  2019
                                                                                                                            $m                    $m
               Trade receivables
               Not past due                                                                                              163.5                 239.3




For personal use only
               Past due 1 ‐ 60 days                                                                                        31.6                  42.4
               Past due 61 ‐ 180 days                                                                                      19.8                  16.7
               Past due 181 ‐ 360 days                                                                                     11.6                   6.6
               Past due 361 days and over                                                                                   8.8                   8.4
                                                                                                                         235.3                 313.4
               Allowance for impairment losses                                                                           (23.9)                (13.9)
               Trade receivables net of allowance for impairment losses                                                  211.4                 299.5
               Other receivables ‐ current                                                                                 24.1                  20.2
               Trade and other receivables                                                                               235.5                 319.7

               Credit risk management ‐ Cash deposits, term deposits and forward exchange contracts
               The majority of Cochlear’s cash deposits, term deposits and all forward exchange contracts are only executed with leading
               financial institutions whose credit rating is at least A on the Standard & Poor’s rating index.

               (c) Liquidity risk
               Liquidity risk is the risk that Cochlear will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. Cochlear manages liquidity
               risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due. The capital raising
               of AUD 1,075.6 million net of related costs and extra debt facilities, increased Cochlear’s liquidity such that Cochlear is now in
               a net cash position for the year ended 30 June 2020 (refer Note 6.1). This has ensured that Cochlear has a strengthened balance
               sheet and is well positioned to meet all liabilities when due.

               Non‐derivative liabilities
               Contractual maturities of non‐derivative financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments and excluding the impact
               of netting agreements, are as follows:

                                                        Effective      Carrying       Contractual           <1         1‐2          2‐5        More
                                                    interest rate      amount          cash flows          year       years        years      than 5
                                                                                                                                               years
                                                     Per annum               $m                $m           $m           $m          $m          $m
               2020
               USD floating rate loan                      1.17%          389.8              394.3       394.3            ‐            ‐           ‐
               CNY floating rate loan                      2.60%           34.0               37.6         0.9          0.9         35.8           ‐
               JPY floating rate loan                      0.55%            3.3                3.4         3.4            ‐            ‐           ‐
               SEK floating rate loan                      0.91%           45.9               47.8         0.2          0.4         47.2           ‐
               Trade and other payables                         ‐         172.9              172.9       159.3         12.4          1.2           ‐
               Lease liability                                  ‐         231.5              282.6        26.0         28.2         77.7       150.7
               Total                                                      877.4              938.6       584.1         41.9        161.9       150.7



               2019
               AUD floating rate loan                      2.42%          129.2              138.0         3.1         63.1         71.8            ‐
               CNY floating rate loan                      4.11%            2.9                3.5         0.1          0.1          3.3            ‐
               JPY floating rate loan                      0.53%            3.3                3.3         3.3            ‐            ‐            ‐
               SEK floating rate loan                      0.57%           46.2               46.5         0.3         46.2            ‐            ‐
               Trade and other payables                         ‐         203.2              203.2       160.8         30.3         12.1            ‐
               Total                                                      384.8              394.5       167.6        139.7         87.2            ‐




               98        Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               It is not expected that the cash flows included in the maturity analysis could occur significantly earlier or at significantly
               different amounts.

               Derivative assets and liabilities
               The following table indicates the periods in which the cash flows associated with Cochlear’s derivatives are expected to occur:

                                                                              Carrying       Contractual        < 1 year         1‐2            2‐5
                                                                              amount          cash flows                        years          years




For personal use only
                                                                                   $m                 $m               $m         $m             $m
               2020
               Assets                                                               3.3               3.3              1.2         2.0            0.1
               Liabilities                                                        (2.0)              (2.0)            (0.3)      (1.6)          (0.1)
               Total                                                                1.3               1.3              0.9         0.4              ‐
               2019
               Assets                                                               4.3               4.4              2.2         2.1            0.1
               Liabilities                                                       (28.5)            (27.7)            (22.6)      (5.0)          (0.1)
               Total                                                             (24.2)            (23.3)            (20.4)      (2.9)              ‐

               The expected impact on the income statement is not considered to be significantly different to the cash flow impact noted
               above.

                (d) Fair value
               The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of Cochlear’s financial assets and liabilities are materially the same.
               The fair value of forward exchange contracts is based upon the listed market price, if available. If a listed market price is not
               available, the fair value is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward price and the current
               forward price for the residual maturity of the contract using benchmark bill futures and swap rates. These fair values are
               provided by independent third parties.

               Valuation of financial assets and liabilities
               For financial asset and liabilities measured and carried at fair value, Cochlear uses the following levels to categorise the
               valuation methods used:
                       Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
                       Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
                        (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
                       Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
               All of Cochlear’s forward exchange contracts were valued using observable market inputs (Level 2) and there were no transfers
               between levels during the year.




               99
               7. Other notes
               7.1 Auditors’ remuneration
                                                                                                                 2020                  2019
                                                                                                                    $                     $




For personal use only
               Audit services
               Auditors of the Company ‐ KPMG:
               ‐ audit and review of financial reports                                                      2,170,767            1,809,019
               Total audit services                                                                         2,170,767            1,809,019
               Non‐audit services
               Auditors of the Company ‐ KPMG:
               ‐ other assurance services                                                                      35,666              133,481
               ‐ taxation compliance and advisory services                                                  1,547,505            1,764,533
               ‐ IT advisory                                                                                         ‐             643,260
               ‐ other                                                                                          9,185              357,650
               Total non‐audit services                                                                     1,592,356            2,898,924



               7.2 Commitments
               Capital expenditure commitments
               As at 30 June 2020, Cochlear entered into contracts to purchase property, plant and equipment for $24.0 million (2019: $44.0
               million).



               7.3 Controlled entities
               Subsidiaries conduct business transactions with various controlled entities. Such transactions include purchases and sales of
               certain products, dividends, interest and loans.

                                                                                        Interest held            Country of
                                                                                                          incorporation/formation
                                                                                          2020     2019
                                                                                             %        %
               Company
               Cochlear Limited                                                                                            Australia
               Controlled entities
               Cochlear AG                                                                 100      100                  Switzerland
               Cochlear Americas                                                           100      100                         USA
               Cochlear Austria GmbH                                                       100      100                      Austria
               Cochlear Benelux NV                                                         100      100                     Belgium
               Cochlear Bone Anchored Solutions AB                                         100      100                     Sweden
               Cochlear Boulder LLC                                                        100      100                         USA
               Cochlear Canada Inc                                                         100      100                      Canada
               Cochlear Clinical Services LLC                                              100      100                         USA
               Cochlear Colombia SAS                                                       100      100                    Colombia
               Cochlear Deutschland GmbH & Co KG                                           100      100                    Germany
               Cochlear Employee Share Trust                                               100      100                    Australia
               Cochlear Europe Finance GmbH                                                100      100                    Germany
               Cochlear Europe Limited                                                     100      100                           UK
               Cochlear Finance Pty Limited                                                100      100                    Australia



               100        Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Cochlear France SAS                                                       100      100                       France
               Cochlear German Holdings Pty Limited                                      100      100                    Australia
               Cochlear Incentive Plan Pty Ltd                                           100      100                    Australia
               Cochlear Investments Pty Ltd                                              100      100                    Australia
               Cochlear Investments (No. 2) Pty Ltd                                      100      100                    Australia
               Cochlear Italia SRL                                                       100      100                          Italy
               Cochlear Korea Limited                                                    100      100                        Korea




For personal use only
               Cochlear Labs Pty Limited                                                 100      100                    Australia
               Cochlear Latinoamerica S.A.                                               100      100                     Panama
               Cochlear Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.                                               100      100                    Malaysia
               Cochlear Manufacturing Corporation                                        100      100                          USA
               Cochlear Medical Device (Beijing) Co., Ltd                                100      100                        China
               Cochlear Medical Device (Chengdu) Co Ltd                                  100      100                        China
               Cochlear Medical Device Company India Private Limited                     100      100                         India
               Cochlear Mexico SA de CV                                                  100      100                       Mexico
               Cochlear Middle East FZ‐LLC                                               100      100                          UAE
               Cochlear Nordic AB                                                        100      100                      Sweden
               Cochlear Norway AS                                                        100      100                      Norway
               Cochlear NZ Limited                                                       100      100                 New Zealand
               Cochlear Research and Development Limited                                 100      100                            UK
               Cochlear Shared Services S.A.                                             100      100                     Panama
               Cochlear Sweden Holdings AB                                               100      100                      Sweden
               Cochlear Taiwan Limited                                             (i)   100        ‐                       Taiwan
               Cochlear Thailand Limited                                                 100      100                     Thailand
               Cochlear Tibbi Cihazlar ve Saglik Hizmetleri Limited Sirketi              100      100                       Turkey
               Cochlear Verwaltungs GmbH                                                 100      100                    Germany
               Cochlear (HK) Limited                                                     100      100                  Hong Kong
               Cochlear (UK) Limited                                              (ii)   100      100                            UK
               Medical Insurance Pte Limited                                             100      100                   Singapore
               Nihon Cochlear Co Limited                                                 100      100                        Japan
               Sichuan Keli ShuangChuang Technology Co Ltd                                51       51                        China
               Sycle, LLC                                                                100      100                          USA
               Sycle.Net Technologies (Canada) Ltd                                       100      100                      Canada
               (i) Incorporated in November 2019.
               (ii) Dormant.



               7.4 Parent entity disclosure
               At, and throughout the financial year ended, 30 June 2020, the parent company of Cochlear was Cochlear Limited.

                                                                                                              2020                     2019
                                                                                                               $m                       $m
               Result of the parent entity
               Net (loss)/profit                                                                            (191.4)                    225.0
               Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                               17.9                    (4.0)
               Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                            (173.5)                    221.0
               Financial position of the parent entity at year end
               Current assets                                                                              1,441.8                     456.0
               Total assets                                                                                2,154.8                 1,015.7
               Current liabilities                                                                           689.0                     211.7
               Total liabilities                                                                             922.0                     502.4




               101
                                                                                                                       2020            2019
                                                                                                                        $m              $m
               Total equity of the parent entity comprising:
               Share capital                                                                                         1,272.4           182.3
               Hedging reserve                                                                                           0.9          (17.0)




For personal use only
               Share based payment reserve                                                                             58.0             50.0
               (Accumulated losses)/retained earnings                                                                 (98.5)           298.0
               Total equity                                                                                          1,232.8           513.3

               Dividend income from subsidiaries is recognised by the parent entity when the dividends are declared by the subsidiary.

               Parent entity contingencies
               The details of all contingent liabilities in respect to Cochlear Limited are disclosed in Note 5.7.

               Parent entity capital commitments for acquisition of plant and equipment
               As at 30 June 2020, the parent entity entered into contracts but had not provided for or paid to purchase plant and equipment
               for $10.1 million (2019: $17.0 million).

               7.5 Deed of Cross Guarantee
               Cochlear Limited (the holding entity) together with wholly owned subsidiaries set out below (together referred to as the ‘Closed
               Group’) have entered a Deed of Cross Guarantee on 17 April 2019 in accordance with ASIC Corporations (Wholly‐owned
               Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001 requirement to prepare and lodge an
               audited financial report and directors’ report. The effect of the deed is that Cochlear Limited has guaranteed to pay any
               outstanding liabilities upon the winding up of any wholly owned subsidiary that is party to the Deed. Wholly owned subsidiaries
               that are party to the Deed have also been given a similar guarantee in the event that Cochlear Limited or another party to the
               Deed is wound up.
               The subsidiaries party to the deed are:
               Cochlear Finance Pty Limited;
               Cochlear German Holdings Pty Limited;
               Cochlear Investments Pty Ltd;
               Cochlear Investments (No. 2) Pty Ltd; and
               Cochlear Labs Pty Limited.




               102        Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Set out below is the income statement, statement of comprehensive income, a summary of movements in (accumulated
               losses)/retained earnings and balance sheet of the entities party to the Deed of Cross Guarantee for the year ended 30 June
               2020 and 30 June 2019:

                                                                                                               2020                2019
                                                                                                                $m                  $m
               Income statement




For personal use only
               Revenue                                                                                        851.1               972.9
               Cost of sales                                                                                (307.2)             (310.4)
               Gross profit                                                                                   543.9               662.5
               Selling, marketing and general expenses                                                        (63.3)              (65.4)
               Research and development expenses                                                            (141.8)             (122.6)
               Administration expenses                                                                        (88.3)              (92.8)
               Other income                                                                                   178.8                34.3
               Other expenses                                                                               (107.7)             (102.6)
               Patent litigation expense                                                                    (503.7)                    ‐
               Share of losses on equity accounted investments                                                (1.2)                    ‐
               Results from operating activities                                                            (183.3)               313.4
               Finance income ‐ interest                                                                        3.0                10.7
               Finance expense ‐ interest                                                                     (10.0)              (16.6)
               Net finance expense                                                                             (7.0)               (5.9)
               (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                              (190.3)               307.5
               Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                                    37.1               (81.3)
               Net (loss)/profit                                                                            (153.2)               226.2

               Statement of comprehensive income
               Financial investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
               income, net of tax                                                                              (1.8)               (1.3)
               Foreign currency translation differences                                                        (2.2)               18.7
               Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax                     (22.6)              (17.8)
               Net change in fair value of discontinued cash flow hedges transferred to the income
                                                                                                               18.3                    ‐
               statement, net of tax
               Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the income statement,
               net of tax                                                                                      22.3                13.6
               Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                            (139.2)               239.4
               Retained earnings at beginning of year                                                         275.0               232.3
               Transfers to and from reserves                                                               (166.1)               224.5
               Dividends recognised                                                                         (193.7)             (181.8)
               (Accumulated losses)/retained earnings at end of year                                          (84.8)              275.0




               103
                                                                2020       2019
               Balance sheet                                     $m         $m
               Assets
               Cash and cash equivalents                        432.9       21.8
               Term deposits                                    365.0          ‐
               Trade and other receivables                      443.2      306.6
               Forward exchange contracts                         1.0        2.0




For personal use only
               Inventories                                      137.6      111.9
               Current tax assets                                53.5        5.0
               Prepayments                                        9.4       14.4
               Total current assets                           1,442.6      461.7
               Other receivables                                  5.0        3.1
               Forward exchange contracts                         2.1        2.1
               Loans and borrowings ‐ internal                   79.8       60.0
               Investments in subsidiaries                      441.1      462.6
               Equity accounted investments                      69.0          ‐
               Property, plant and equipment                    109.4      110.6
               Intangible assets                                107.4      121.3
               Deferred tax assets                               90.1       42.8
               Right of use asset                               117.6          ‐
               Total non‐current assets                       1,021.5      802.5
               Total assets                                   2,464.1    1,264.2
               Liabilities
               Trade and other payables                         115.0     114.7
               Forward exchange contracts                         0.3      20.9
               Loans and borrowings ‐ external                  389.8         ‐
               Loans and borrowings ‐ internal                   74.5      60.5
               Current tax liabilities                            1.7      23.2
               Employee benefit liabilities                      32.6      38.7
               Provisions                                       139.6      17.0
               Deferred revenue                                   2.6       2.3
               Lease liability                                   13.4         ‐
               Total current liabilities                        769.5     277.3
               Trade and other payables                          51.3      81.8
               Forward exchange contracts                         1.7       7.6
               Loans and borrowings ‐ external                   45.9     175.4
               Loans and borrowings ‐ internal                  208.4     188.2
               Employee benefit liabilities                       4.7       4.7
               Provisions                                         5.5      40.3
               Deferred tax liabilities                          12.9       4.6
               Deferred revenue                                   2.0         ‐
               Lease liability                                  123.8         ‐
               Total non‐current liabilities                    456.2     502.6
               Total liabilities                              1,225.7     779.9
               Net assets                                     1,238.4     484.3
               Equity
               Share capital                                  1,272.4     182.3
               Reserves                                           50.8     27.0
               (Accumulated losses)/retained earnings           (84.8)    275.0
               Total equity                                   1,238.4     484.3




               104      Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               7.6 Changes in accounting policies
               Cochlear has adopted AASB 16 Leases from 1 July 2019. Due to the transition methods chosen, comparative information
               throughout these financial statements has not been restated to reflect the requirements of the new standards.
               Refer to Note 5.8 for further details on the accounting for leases under AASB 16 and the transition impacts.

               7.7 New standards and interpretations not yet adopted




For personal use only
               A number of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for financial years beginning on or
               after 1 July 2020 and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements. These new standards,
               amendments and interpretations are not expected to have an effect on the consolidated financial statements of Cochlear.

               7.8 Events subsequent to the reporting date
               Other than the patent litigation detailed in Note 2.3, there has not arisen in the interval between the reporting date and the
               date of this Financial report, any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the
               directors of the Company, to significantly affect the operations of Cochlear, the results of those operations, or the state of
               affairs of Cochlear in future financial years.




               105
               Directors’ declaration
               1.       In the opinion of the directors of Cochlear Limited (the Company):




For personal use only
                        a)   the consolidated financial statements and notes and the Remuneration report are in accordance with the Corporations
                             Act 2001, including:
                             i)     giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2020 and of its performance
                                    for the financial year ended on that date; and
                             ii)    complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and
                        b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due
                           and payable; and
                        c)   at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and each of the Closed
                             Group entities identified in Note 7.5 will be able to meet any liabilities to which they are or may become subject to,
                             because of the Deed of Cross Guarantee between the Company and those group entities pursuant to ASIC
                             Corporations (Wholly‐owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.
               2.       The directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Chief
                        Executive Officer & President and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2020.
               3.       The directors draw attention to Note 1.2(a) to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement of
                        compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.
               Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors:
               Dated at Sydney this 18th day of August 2020.




               Director                                                                Director




               106                Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Independent audit report to the shareholders of Cochlear Limited
               Report on the audit of the Financial Report
               Opinion
               We have audited the Financial Report of Cochlear Limited             The Financial Report comprises:




For personal use only
               (the Company).
                                                                                        Balance sheet as at 30 June 2020;
               In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Report of the
                                                                                        Income statement, Statement of comprehensive income,
               Company is in accordance with the Corporations Act
                                                                                         Statement of changes in equity, and Statement of cash flows
               2001, including:                                                          for the year then ended;
                giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s               Notes including a summary of significant accounting policies;
                     financial position as at 30 June 2020 and of its                    and
                     financial performance for the year ended on that
                     date; and
                                                                                        Directors’ Declaration.
                                                                                    The Consolidated Entity consists of the Company and the entities
                complying with Australian Accounting Standards and it controlled at the year‐end or from time to time during the
                     the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                                                                                    financial year.

               Basis for opinion
               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit evidence we have
               obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
               Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial
               Report section of our report.
               We are independent of the Consolidated Entity in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of
               the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code)
               that are relevant to our audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
               accordance with the Code.
               Key Audit Matters
                 The key audit matters we identified are:                                 Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional
                                                                                          judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
                       Recoverability of trade receivables; and
                                                                                          Financial Report of the current period.
                       Warranty provision.
                                                                                          These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
                                                                                          the Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our opinion
                                                                                          thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these
                                                                                          matters.

               Recoverability of trade receivables $211.4 million
               Refer to Note 6.4(b) Financial risk management, credit risk
                 The key audit matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit
                 Recoverability of trade receivables was considered a key                 Our procedures included:
                 audit matter due to:
                                                                                              With the assistance of our IT specialists, testing key
                       The varying characteristics of customers which include                 controls within the credit control process including:
                        governments, government‐supported universities,
                                                                                               ‐    management review and approval of new customer
                        clinics and major hospital chains;
                                                                                                    credit limits within the Consolidated Entity’s credit
                       The different geographical locations of customers and                       limit policies;
                        the political and economic environments they are                       ‐    the system configuration of credit limits; and


               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
               (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


               107
               Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Cochlear Limited
                        subject to, which may affect the timely recovery of                    ‐    management’s evaluation of trade receivables
                        certain receivables;                                                        ageing and trade receivables past due;

                       Trade receivables past due at the reporting date which                Assessing the Consolidated Entity’s expected credit loss




For personal use only
                        have certain risk characteristics and therefore have a                 model in significant geographies against the
                        greater inherent risk of not being recovered;                          requirements of the accounting standards;

                       The potential for COVID‐19 to increase the risk of                    Challenging the Consolidated Entity’s view of credit risk
                        receivables being delayed for a prolonged period or not                and recoverability in certain locations by selecting a
                        paid;                                                                  sample of significant overdue customer balances with
                                                                                               indicators of credit deterioration. We:
                       The inherent subjectivity involved in the Consolidated
                        Entity making forward‐looking judgements in relation to                ‐    noted the historical patterns for long outstanding
                        the recovery of credit risk exposures; and                                  trade receivables in those locations for those
                                                                                                    customer types, to form an understanding of the
                       The Consolidated Entity’s adoption of AASB 9 Financial                      normal pattern of recovery and compared this to
                        Instruments requiring the use of an expected credit loss                    the age of the customer balances sampled;
                        model.
                                                                                               ‐    assessed cash received subsequent to year‐end
                 These conditions gave rise to additional audit effort,                             from the Consolidated Entity’s bank statements for
                 including:                                                                         its effect in reducing amounts outstanding at year‐
                       Greater involvement by our senior team members to                           end;
                        gather evidence across the various customer profiles                   ‐    evaluated other evidence including customer
                        and their trade receivables; and                                            correspondence;
                       To challenge the forward‐looking judgements made by                    ‐    questioned the Consolidated Entity’s assessment of
                        the Consolidated Entity.                                                    the impact of Covid‐19 on the risk of default; and
                 We involved IT specialists to supplement our senior team                      ‐    questioned the Consolidated Entity’s knowledge of
                 members in assessing this key audit matter.                                        future conditions which may impact expected
                                                                                                    customer receipts based on consistency with the
                                                                                                    results of the procedures performed above; and
                                                                                              Assessing the Consolidated Entity’s disclosures of the
                                                                                               quantitative and qualitative considerations in relation
                                                                                               to trade receivable credit risk, by comparing these
                                                                                               disclosures to our understanding of the matter and the
                                                                                               requirements of the accounting standards.
               Warranty provision $31.6 million
               Refer to Note 5.6 Provisions

                 The key audit matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit
                 The warranty provision was considered a key audit matter                 Our procedures included:
                 due to:
                                                                                              Obtaining an understanding of the evolving product
                       The estimation uncertainty inherent in the key                         portfolio, each product’s warrantable period and
                        assumptions applied by the Consolidated Entity to                      history of claim rates, and the different attributes
                        determine the warranty provision;                                      which impact the key assumptions used in the
                                                                                               Consolidated Entity’s warranty provision;
                       The Consolidated Entity’s evolving product portfolio,
                        through the introduction of new generations, where                    Testing the sensitivity of the warranty provision by
                                                                                               varying key assumptions, within a reasonably possible
                                                                                               range, to focus our further procedures;


               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
               (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


               108           Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Independent audit report to the shareholders of Cochlear Limited
                        each product’s design and quality attributes can impact               Challenging the Consolidated Entity’s ability to reliably
                        the key assumptions;                                                   estimate the key assumptions by comparing previous
                       The increased use of the Global Repair Centre intended                 estimates to actual outcomes;




For personal use only
                        to reduce forecast repair cost;                                       Assessing the integrity of the model for the warranty
                                                                                               provision. This included checking the accuracy of the
                       The inherent unpredictability of future failures resulting
                                                                                               formulas within the model;
                        in claims under warranty; and
                                                                                              Comparing the forecast claim rates of a sample of
                       The calculation is largely manually developed and                      products to the historical warranty claims for that
                        therefore is at greater risk of error.                                 product or the historical warranty claims of previous
                 The key assumptions used in the Consolidated Entity’s                         generations of similar products;
                 determination of the warranty provision are:                                 Comparing the forecast proportion of claims that can
                                                                                               be repaired and associated repair costs to historical
                       The forecast claim rates of the multiple products in the               performance of the Global Repair Centre;
                        portfolio;
                                                                                              Comparing the forecast replacement cost to:
                       The ratio of repairing to replacing failed products;                   ‐    the standard manufacturing cost used in board
                       The forecast repair cost; and                                               approved budgets; and
                                                                                               ‐    actual manufacturing costs to identify variances
                       The forecast replacement cost which is based on
                                                                                                    and their impact on the warranty provision;
                        standard forecasts of manufacturing costs.
                                                                                              Enquiring of management responsible for product
                 Challenging these key assumptions required greater                            design and quality attributes and the Global Repair
                 involvement by our senior team members.                                       Centre to challenge the forward‐looking assumptions
                                                                                               used in the model; and
                                                                                              Assessing the disclosures of the quantitative and
                                                                                               qualitative considerations in relation to the warranty
                                                                                               provision, by comparing these disclosures to our
                                                                                               understanding of the matter and the requirements of
                                                                                               the accounting standards.


               Other Information
               Other Information is financial and non‐financial information in Cochlear Limited’s annual reporting which is provided in addition
               to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are responsible for the Other Information.
               Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion
               or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance
               opinion.
               In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information. In doing so, we consider
               whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
               otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
               We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, and based on the
               work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we have nothing
               to report.




               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
               (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


               109
               Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Cochlear Limited
               Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
               The Directors are responsible for:
                       preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the




For personal use only
                        Corporations Act 2001; and
                       implementing necessary internal controls to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives a true and fair view
                        and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                       assessing the Consolidated Entity’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of the going concern basis
                        of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
                        concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Consolidated Entity or to cease operations, or have
                        no realistic alternative but to do so.
               Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report
               Our objective is:

                       to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether
                        due to fraud or error; and

                       to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
               Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Australian
               Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
               Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
               reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the Financial Report.
               A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the Auditing and Assurance
               Standards Board website at: http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our
               Auditor’s Report.

               Report on the Remuneration Report
               Opinion
               In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Cochlear Limited for the year ended 30 June 2020, complies with Section 300A of
               the Corporations Act 2001.
               Directors’ responsibilities
               The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance
               with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
               Our responsibilities
               We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 40 to 57 of the Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2020.
               Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
               Australian Auditing Standards.




               KPMG                                                                              Julian McPherson, Partner
               Sydney, 18 August 2020



               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
               (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


               110            Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               References
               Market leadership
               1.       ClinicalTrials.gov [Internet]. Bethesda (MD): National Library of Medicine (US); 2017 March 22. Identifier NCT03086135.
                        Clinical Performance of a New Implant System for Bone Conduction Hearing; 2019 January 31 [cited 2019 June 20]; [4




For personal use only
                        screens]. Available from: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03086135.
               2.       Cochlear Ltd. D1190805 Sound Processor Size Comparison. 2020; March. Data on file.
               3.       Mauger SJ, et al. Clinical evaluation of the Nucleus 6 cochlear implant system: performance improvements with
                        SmartSound iQ. International Journal of Audiology. (2014 Aug); 53(8): 564‐576. [Sponsored by Cochlear].
               4.       Mauger SJ, et al. Clinical outcomes with the Kanso off‐the‐ear cochlear implant sound processor. Int J Audiol. (2017 Jan);
                        DOI:10.1080/14992027.2016.1265156.
               5.       Wolfe J, et al. Benefits of Adaptive Signal Processing in a Commercially Available Cochlear Implant Sound Processor. Otol
                        Neurotol. (2015 Aug); 36(7):1181‐90.
               6.       Cochlear Limited. D1660797. CP1150 Sound Processor Interim Clinical Investigation Report. January 2020
               7.       Cochlear Ltd. D1710313 CP1150 Battery Life Coverage Technical Report. 2020; Mar. Data on file.
               8.       Cochlear Limited. D1376556. CLTD5709 Acceptance and Performance with the Nucleus 7 Cochlear Implant System with
                        Adult Recipients. 2018, Jan; Data on file.
               9.       Cochlear Limited. D1619303 Software History Timeline. Data on file.
               10. Dillon H, James A, Ginis J. Client Oriented Scale of Improvement (COSI) and its relationship to several other measures of
                   benefit and satisfaction provided by hearing aids. J Am Acad Audiol. 1997, Feb (1)8:27‐43. 2.

               Operating and financial review
               11. Disabling hearing loss refers to hearing loss greater than 40 decibels (dB) in the better hearing ear in adults and a hearing
                   loss greater than 30 dB in the better hearing ear in children.
               12. Deafness and hearing loss. World Health Organization [Internet].[cited July 2018]. Available from:
                   http://www.who.int/news‐room/fact‐sheets/detail/deafness‐and‐hearing‐loss.
               13. Fact 5. Deafness and hearing loss. World Health Organization [Internet]. [cited July 2018]. Available from:
                   http://www.who.int/features/factfiles/deafness/en/.
               14. Cochlear internal data.
               15. Market penetration estimate based on Cochlear sourced data.
               16. Mohr et al., 2000.
               17. CPI Inflation Calculator (http://www.in2013dollars.com).
               18. Estimated from Mohr et al., 2000.
               19. Mohr et al., 2000.
               20. Emmett et al., 2015.
               21. Kochkin, 2007.
               22. World Alzheimer Report 2015 (https://www.alz.co.uk/research/WorldAlzheimerReport2015.pdf).
               23. World Alzheimer Report 2015 (https://www.alz.co.uk/research/WorldAlzheimerReport2015.pdf).
               24. Lin et al., 2011.
               25. The Ear Foundation (2018). Spend2Save Report (2nd Edition).




               111
               Shareholder information
               Additional information required by Australian Securities Exchange Listing Rules and not disclosed elsewhere in this report – the
               information presented is as at 31 July 2020.




For personal use only
               Substantial shareholders
               Investor                                                                           Number of ordinary shares                    %
               Baillie Gifford & Co                                                                                   3,944,356               6.0
               BlackRock Inc                                                                                          3,930,851               6.0
               Veritas Asset Mgt                                                                                      3,696,542               5.6
               The Vanguard Group, Inc                                                                                3,602,454               5.5
               Total                                                                                                 15,174,203              23.1


               Distribution of shareholders
               Number of shares held                                                                              Number of ordinary shareholders
               1 ‐ 1,000                                                                                                                  39,479
               1,001 ‐ 5,000                                                                                                               2,828
               5,001 ‐ 10,000                                                                                                                132
               10,001 ‐ 100,000                                                                                                               78
               100,001 and over                                                                                                               14
               Total                                                                                                                      42,531
               Non‐marketable parcels – 139 shareholders held less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.

               Twenty largest shareholders
               Shareholder                                                                                Number of ordinary shares            %
               HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                                     28,405,386     43.24
               J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                                     11,371,030     17.31
               Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                                  4,113,509      6.26
               National Nominees Limited                                                                                      1,682,907      2.56
               BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                                                 1,540,107      2.34
               BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>                                                          1,132,094      1.72
               HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited‐GSCO ECA                                                               738,643      1.12
               Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                                 323,715      0.49
               HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <NT‐Comnwlth Super CORP A/C>                                           300,693      0.46
               Netwealth Investments Limited <Wrap Services A/C>                                                                231,860      0.35
               Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State INV A/C>                                                     226,944      0.35
               Mr Christopher Graham Roberts                                                                                    162,173      0.25
               BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd Hub24 Custodial Serv Ltd <DRP A/C>                                                  103,774      0.16
               PGA (Investments) Pty Ltd                                                                                        100,118      0.15
               National Nominees Limited <DB A/C>                                                                                86,230      0.13
               AMP Life Limited                                                                                                  79,421      0.12
               HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited ‐ A/C 2                                                                 71,519      0.11
               UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                                              70,592      0.11
               Avanteos Investments Limited <Encircle IMA A/C>                                                                   68,964      0.10
               Custodial Services Limited <Beneficiaries Holding A/C>                                                            67,214      0.10
                                                                                                                           50,876,893      77.43
               The 20 largest shareholders held 77.43% of the ordinary shares of the Company.

               On market buy‐back
               There is no current on market buy‐back.




               112        Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2020
               Contact information
               Cochlear headquarters




For personal use only
               1 University Avenue
               Macquarie University NSW 2109
               Australia
               Telephone: +612 9428 6555
               Fax: +612 9428 6353
               Website: www.cochlear.com


               Shareholder enquiries
               Access to shareholding information is available to investors through Computershare.


               Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
               GPO Box 2975
               Melbourne VIC 3001
               Australia
               Telephone: 1300 850 505
               Email: web.queries@computershare.com.au
               Website: www.computershare.com.au


               Calendar of events
               18 August 2020             FY20 results announced
               8 September 2020           Closing date for receipt of director nominations
               20 October 2020            Annual general meeting
               19 February 2021           HY21 results announced*
               20 August 2021             FY21 results announced*
               * Indicative dates only.


               Annual general meeting
               The annual general meeting (AGM) of Cochlear Limited will be held on 20 October 2020 at 10.00am as a virtual meeting.
               Shareholders will be advised of further details regarding the 2020 AGM in a separate Notice of Meeting, which will be provided
               to shareholders in mid‐September 2020. The Notice of Meeting will also be available on the ASX Company Announcements
               Platform and Cochlear’s website at www.cochlear.com.




               113
            Hear now. And always
            As the global leader in implantable hearing solutions, Cochlear is dedicated to helping people with
            moderate to profound hearing loss experience a life full of hearing. We have provided more than
            600,000 implantable devices, helping people of all ages to hear and connect with life’s opportunities.




For personal use only
            We aim to give people the best lifelong hearing experience and access to innovative future
            technologies. We have the industry’s best clinical, research and support networks.
           That’s why more people choose Cochlear than any other hearing implant company.




               Cochlear Ltd (ABN 96 002 618 073) 1 University Avenue, Macquarie University, NSW 2109, Australia T: +61 2 9428 6555 F: +61 2 9428 6352


            www.cochlear.com
            Please seek advice from your health professional about treatments for hearing loss. Outcomes may vary, and your health professional will advise you about the factors
            which could affect your outcome. Always read the instructions for use. Not all products are available in all countries. Please contact your local Cochlear representative
            for product information.
            Views expressed are those of the individual. Consult your health professional to determine if you are a candidate for Cochlear technology.
            The Cochlear Nucleus Smart App is available on App Store and Google Play. The Cochlear Nucleus 7 Sound Processor is compatible with Apple and Android devices,
            for compatibility information visit www.cochlear.com/compatibility.
            ACE, Advance Off-Stylet, AOS, AutoNRT, Autosensitivity, Beam, Bring Back the Beat, Button, Carina, Cochlear, 科利耳, コクレア, 코클리어, Cochlear SoftWear,
            Codacs, Contour, Contour Advance, Custom Sound, ESPrit, Freedom, Hear now. And always, Hugfit, Hybrid, Invisible Hearing, Kanso, MET, MicroDrive, MP3000,
            myCochlear, mySmartSound, NRT, Nucleus, Outcome Focused Fitting, Off-Stylet, Slimline, SmartSound, Softip, SPrint, True Wireless, the elliptical logo, and Whisper
            are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Cochlear Limited. Ardium, Baha, Baha SoftWear, BCDrive, DermaLock, EveryWear, SoundArc, Vistafix, and
            WindShield are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Cochlear Bone Anchored Solutions AB.
            Android, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google
            and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License.
            Apple, the Apple logo, FaceTime, Made for iPad logo, Made for iPhone logo, Made for iPod logo, iPhone, iPad Pro, iPad Air, iPad mini, iPad and iPod touch are
            trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
            © Cochlear Limited 2020. D1714949 V1 2020-06
