Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility for the
contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.


Under our weighted voting rights structure, our share capital comprises Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares.
Each Class A ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise one vote, and each Class B ordinary share entitles the holder
to exercise 10 votes, respectively, on all matters subject to the vote at general meetings of the Company. Shareholders and
prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in a company with a weighted voting rights structure. Our
American depositary shares, each representing eight of our Class A ordinary shares, are listed on Nasdaq in the United States
under the symbol BIDU.




                                                                Baidu, Inc.
                                                      百度集團股份有限公司
                  (A company controlled through weighted voting rights and incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                                           (Stock Code: 9888)


                                             2020 ANNUAL REPORT
This announcement is issued pursuant to Note 4 of Rule 13.46(2) of The Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities (the “Hong Kong Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”).

The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) of Baidu, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby
announces that it will not prepare or publish a separate annual report under Rule 13.46(2).
Shareholders and potential investors are reminded that the financial results for the year ended
December 31, 2020 were included in the prospectus of the Company dated March 12, 2021, which
is available for viewing on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk and
our website at ir.baidu.com. Shareholders and potential investors may also refer to the annual report
on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2021, which is
also available for viewing on our website at ir.baidu.com.

                                                                                                         By order of the Board
                                                                                                              Baidu, Inc.
                                                                                                        Mr. Robin Yanhong Li
                                                                                                         Chairman of the Board
                                                                                                       and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, April 27, 2021

As at the date of this announcement, the board of directors of the Company comprises Mr. Robin Yanhong Li as director, and
Mr. James Ding, Mr. Brent Callinicos, Mr. Yuanqing Yang and Mr. Jixun Foo as independent directors.
